 I purchased a different jacket when I first got my motorcycle , but I only used it for about six months before needing a new one . In my local shop , they had no plus-sized women 's jackets , so I was wearing a men 's jacket , and the plates were n't in good places to be protective in case of an accident . This jacket runs true to size , and seems more durable than the other brand of jacket I had -LRB- Joe Rocket -RRB- . The two separate zip-out liners are very convenient and easy . I am very happy with the fit and quality . I ride about two hours a day , on the interstate , and my old jacket started to fray at certain seams after only a month or so . I have had this one for over a month , and there are no signs of wear . In addition , the jacket is comfortable from 95 degrees down to 50 degrees -LRB- with appropriate clothing underneath , of course -RRB- . It may work in even colder weather , but I have n't ridden in anything colder than 50 . Overall , I 'm really , really pleased with this purchase !
 This jacket met every expectation and more . Although heavy , it is comfortable and can be snugged down for a more `` tailored '' fit . If anything could be a `` con '' its the zippers ... when the linings are out , there are a lot of zippers exposed and I often try to zip the wrong ones ! The liners are great ... keep you dry , keep off the wind , or keep you warm . I have no complaints . The jacket may be short for some people ... but I 'm very short-waisted and it fits me perfect . I sized up 1 size and it is quite comfortable .
 This is a cute little kit that does n't take up a lot of space , but it has everything you might need in case of an car accident . This would make a great gift for someone who has just gotten their first car .
 I 've never belived in this perfect fit stuff ... until now ! All I had to do was bolt this in place to existing mounting holes on my toyota tundra . The job took 10 minutes and I was towing my boat . This is truely a perfect fit . Could n't have asked for a better product
 Considering that most of the car now adays -LRB- years 1990 + -RRB- have alot of little things that can go wrong and have some sort of onboard brains . Not many can work on their cars like they use to . If your car breaks down you either have to take it to a shop and pay high $ to have a mechanic tell you what is wrong with the car . Or spend alot of time and $ replacing everything just in the hopes of figuring out what is wrong . With this scanner my husband can plug in to the onboard brain of a vehicle with a onboard brain and have the vehicle tell him where it hurts ... just like a mechanic . Now if it is something that can be easily fixed at home we can just get the parts and save the extra $ on labor . Otherwise if it would be better to have a mechanic fix we can take in the car and tell the mechanic what to work on ... saving the extra $ and time on them hooking up to onboard brain to diagnose the problem . It is the greatest purchase I have ever made .
 Yes , you need the software to stream data to your computer , but it 's well worth it . Buy others -LRB- $ $ $ $ $ $ -RRB- and see what you think . This real-time machine is superb . Data input all depends on your car 's computer and what data it supplies . Seems like the most data is provided by the Corvette 's computer . Hondas , for instance , provide minimal information .
 THese running board grips look nice . Installed on my 95 Arctic cat EXT. . They look so nice . Instalation is a brezze too . Just clamp the surefoots in the place you want and drill the holes . Get your rivet gun out and snap they are done . Very very easy . Only thing is that if you need to cut to size you may have troubles cause the alluminum is rather thick .
 Answer the same as the Master cylinder . Nothing available from Jeep . Seems to perform as expected . Delighted as the only other answer would have been to change complete clutch setup including bell housing .
 After reading the previous review , I was skeptical about the unit , but being a Certified Master Mechanic with over 30 years of experience , I am used to varieties of testing equipment and they all have pros and cons . I found the Autoxray 4000 met my expectations with a nice , well lit display with adjustable contrast level and a user friendly menu platform . The first night I tested a '98 Jeep , '04 Ford F-150 , and an '05 Mustang . The unit functioned perfectly and reported freeze frame data , trouble codes , pending codes , and I was able to monitor the PID 's to determine if any hidden conditions existed . Fours stars due to having to upgrade -LRB- $ -RRB- through Autoxray to view any more than the basic sensor values . Update on Jan 25 , 2009 ... Still performing flawlessly after more than 2 1/2 years at a dealership !
 Scanners are expensive . Most have so many adapters and run you through so many screens it takes a lot of effort to learn and then to maneuver your way to the data you need . I bought this scanner because it was affordable . I wanted to read live data stream not just codes and it does that great.The software is vehicle specific so when you read data from a Kia or Hyundai or Ford , it is reading that vehicle and not generics . As a bonus AutoX-Ray threw in the EZ Charge testing lead and activated the function . This is a great feature . It activated the digital voltmeter , and also a battery tester that reads cold cranking amps . It tests the battery without loading it . I had a problem after I dropped the scanner from my box to the shop floor . The toll-free number was to a knowledgable English speaking , American based tech support . They told me what to do to get the scanner up and running again fast and easy . The scanner also comes with a USB cable whereby I can download free software updates.The scanner has never let me down . The information has always been complete and correct . It powers it 's self down to save battery life . A nice feature is that I can take it from the vehicle into the front office , turn it on and show the customer or my manager what the information is that was retrieved.I ca n't think of anything bad to say about it . No , it is not a Genisys , an OTC or Snap-on . But it works well and costs less than one cartridge for the others . If you need more , buy more . If you need and easy , quick plug in and read device this is it . I highly reccoment Auto X-Ray products.I am an ASE Master certified Tech with 13 areas of certification and 31 years in the business .
 If you 're just looking for a tool to quickly scan your vehicles Check Engine Light , this is not for you.I have an extensively modified Toyota Tacoma , with a Supercharger and tons of fuel system upgrades and other performance modifications . This tool is invaluable in troubleshooting problems . If you have the knowlege to comprehend the data , this tool can save you a lot of time and money , and point you in the right direction for repairing your vehicle . It can definitively tell you if you have a vacuum leak , if an o2 sensor is malfunctioning , if you 're problem is in your fuel system , etc , etc , etc. . . In my opininon , this scanner is worth it 's weight in gold ! ... If you understand the inner workings of your vehicle .
 AUTOXRAY EZ-SCAN 4000 SCANNER this is a very good product.it does every test that it was designed to do.my complaint is that it is only good thru 2007 model cars.one other problem was it did not come with a battery cover.i would like to get a cover .
 Does everything they says it does with a easy to use interface . Good scanner at a good price .
 My only complaint is that the tube gets clogged between uses even when the cap is applied correctly . I generally spend way more time getting it unclogged than I do applying the material . Otherwise it 's great material .
 It is a great tool and glad the manufacturer stands behind their products . They exchanged the Spanish for English . The tools is worth the money just make sure you get it in the correct language . I am just to OLD to learn a new language .
 Replaced the passenger side mirror on my 2004 F150 SuperCrew . This product fit perfectly , and the power mirror function works as expected . I would definitely buy another if ever needed .
 Part fit as it should have ; installation was quick & easy ... saved me tons of $ $ by doing it myself !
 This fit my 03 F150 Crew cab perfectly ! I could even use the maroon cover from my old light easily so everything matched . Will definately order from here again , if i need another ! Shipping was fast , and communication was great too . Thank you for a great transaction .
 I needed to replace the radiator on my 97 Yukon , and improve the cooling at the same time . I found this rad , and called Proliance 's tech department to confirm that it was a diect , drop in replacement for my oem rad . I spoke to an extremely helpful guy , who assured me it was apples for apples , but with double the original core size . It came packed well , and is well built . So far , with this rad and a Flow Kooler water pump from Summit , I 'm running 10 degrees cooler ... Satisfied customer !
 The radiator cost half of what it cost at parts stores.So far no leaks except a rubber stopper they use was thin , cracked and leaked.I had a feeling it would so I carried a spare $ 1.00 . I do recomend this product anyway.The shipping was prompt , with no hassles .
 Its new , its clean , its double row ! Has the oil cooler and trans cooler built in just like factory . Bolted right in place of the single row radiator in my 1995 K1500 Suburban . Should keep it quite cool while towing next summer .
 Heavy duty great deal better than a auto zone or advance auto this has a sealed boot to keep dust n dirt out
 Fits and works well . The mirrors stay in place and are stead . This saved me a lot of time and money over buying from the dealer . I would buy this again .
 Like the product . It 's very easy to use and it does what says on the can .
 As others have said , it fits like a glove on my Highlander . All products should do there job this well .
 fits like a glove does not need the sunvisors lowered to keep it in place
 I do n't write reviews much , I usually read other people 's review before I purchase something . It 's only fair that I write a review about this product , so someone else can make their judgement before they purchase this product . I have a Rav4 2012 Sport , this Window Deflector fits perfect on it . I have Weather Tech cargo liner as well , I know the product is excellent Quality , so I wanted to go with Weather Tech Deflectors as well . Since its my first new car , I wanted to put the best . It took me about 10 min . to put it on . I have seen some cheap one 's out there , they look OK but they do n't seem to cover the entire window , this one covers the entire door . I love it . .
 This was a fantastic price !!! More than 50 % lower than anywhere else . Hushmat is very good , however if you 're installing a base-heavy stereo system , you 'll want to double up on the larger panels like the trunk lid and floor panels . This kit was just enough to do my mid-sized car , but I would have liked to have a little more to double up .
 Solidly built , simple install . Installation took about 25 minutes.Precleaning the exposed weldnuts is a definite requirement . The ones vertical in the bumper do n't need as much attention , as they are covered by the fascia , but a light cleaning would n't hurt.The supplied spacer was too thick by 2/3 on my 91 Camry , so I did n't use it . Everything torqued down nicely without it.NB
 This rear rotor is made in China -LRB- a little surprise to me -RRB- and works much better than the original -LRB- and rip-off -RRB- Mercedes rotor . Ate is one of Mercedes brake suppliers .
 I bought this to more easily drain the fuel from the tank of my small generator . This , coupled with a valve and length of hose makes gravity draining the tank much easier . It works , it doesnt leak , what else can say .
 ordered this for a snow blower gas tank fuel line -LRB- as well as separate fuel shut off valve -RRB- so gas tank could be drained in the spring with out removing the fuel line . fits hose well and solidly built with smooth edges . does the job , does not seem cheap . overall I would buy this again in a heart beat , makes tank draining a 2 minute job in conjunction with a second shut off valve .
 Just like the factory made it . Fit and functions just like it should . Good price point as well . What else can one say ?
 Dec. 28 . 2012 -LRB- 1 -RRB- i ordered this bulb Dec. 26 , 2012 and got it earlier than the estimated date of arrival which is Jan. 2 , 2013 . -LRB- 2 -RRB- also before buying this item i checked every seller at Amazon with this Red Bulbs and this one from 3A Racing is the cheapest thats why i ordered from them . -LRB- 3 -RRB- i havent installed it yet due to bad weather outside so i dont know how bright it is and whats the color looked like , real red or pinkish type , but if im gon na be happy with it i will be ordering again coz i got 2 vehicles . thanks 3A Racing and more power Amazon . . !!!
 I have one in my truck as I have had in all my vehicles before and bought this one for a gift and they love it . Really cuts the dash glare and dust . Thanks for a great product .
 Fits well and looks good only problem I found it does n't bring enough velcro to attach to my trucks dash for that reason it does n't get a five
 Awesome product . Highly recommend . Received item in a timely matter . Easy step by step instruction for installation . No drilling required . Best buy for the price .
 I bought a Suburban that the previous owner had a little too much fun with . The mirror was broken and I needed a replacement . I called the dealership and gave them my vin to get the actual part number . The Left one and Right one are one number off from each other . Make sure you check with the dealer before you buy to get the actual number for the right wire harness ... They wanted $ 450 for the replacement . I went with this one and it works fine . It does n't have the feel of the factory one , but all of the mechanics work perfect . I recommend buying a pair . They wo n't match your stock one on the other side if you buy only one . But they look good together . - J
 Excellent helmet for the active rider , the flip-up system works very fine and allow to see a wide vision any time .
 This Caster and Camber adjusment really works ! it is easy to install and set for my Ford Ranger 1994 4x2
 These seat covers fit perfectly to my car . They are very comfortable and do not shift around when you move in the seat . The material is very soft and works well with seat heaters . Never would pick any other seat over .
 This is one of the best items i have ever purchased ! Please keep your children safe and purchase one for yourself !
 For the 1985-1989 Toyota MR2 , it fits perfectly.The outside of the cover is completely silver , with a little promo on the left inferior corner and on the inside , it is a white plastic.For this car , you will have to put it on the trunk or frunk , since rolled up it still takes some space for this car.Still , pretty good product .
 Easily installed on my Explorer . Fits into existing mirror space . The only thing I notice is that at highway speeds , the mirror tends to shake a little unlike the factory one on the other side . Have had it for a year now and drove over 20,000 highway miles and it is still there though .
 part was an exact fit . Went right in . Ca n't tell it is a replacement
 Went to the dealer to see how much it would be to purchase this item and installation , Yeah they said 200 + tax . So i checked on here and found this one . Called them and they said there was no way and maybe it was just the mirror . Yeah well , obviously its the whole unit and it fits perfect , looks just like the factory one . So , Haha FORD !!!
 This mirror was a perfect replacement part for our 2003 Ford Explorer . It was not difficul to install and it fits perfect . Excellent price and great shpping and handling . Good job .
 Fits perfectly on my car . Did not know what a puddle light is , it is a light underneath the mirror that lights up if a door is left opened . Does not exactly match my other mirror for that reason . Allowed my car to pass inspection , and that 's what mattered .
 I had decided to just live with my broken passenger mirror as the dealer wanted a small fortune to replace it . Then I saw this one for under $ 50 . I knew the door panel could be difficult but I ordered the mirror and was surprised to find out it was n't near as difficult as I thought to replace . I was done in just over a hour . It sure looks a lot better than the broken one , and safer too as I can now see that blind spot .
 I was a bit skeptical but after receiving it and installing it , hands down , I 'm thoroughly impressed with both the seller and the mirror . I did n't have much luck finding install instruction online for my 03 but it was simple enough that I proceeded anyway . Less than 30 min from start to finish and it was as good as new .
 It was a smart move to have bought this item from Amazon because it saved me around $ 200 to replace the original one including the installation done by an independent auto shop . It exactly looks like the original Ford side mirror . You really ca n't tell that it 's just a replacement . Thank you very much ...
 This mirror is a great replacement mirror . You ca n't even tell that it 's not the original mirror that came on the Explorer . It 's a little difficult to install . I had to take my Explorer to the dealership and have them help with installation because the screws and things are hidden and I did n't want to risk needing to replace any other parts of the car . But it 's a great product for the price .
 Perfect replacement for the one that I 'd broken off . First had minor problems which the vendor immediately replaced , did n't even want the old one back ! I 'd go with this group again , actually , I already have .
 This was the perfect part for my 2003 Ford Explorer . It was installed in less than 10 minutes and works perfectly . Its great to be able to see traffic on the right hand side again .
 Replaced my old 9100 55 Amp that went bad , with this 60 Amp and it works great ! No problems here . Shipping was quick too .
 This is a good product . Really simple to install . Runs very quietly and handles the power load very well . We have ours installed vertically and it is running without problems . The remote display pad is nice to quickly know how your battery is doing and if you need to charge it soon . I think the 60 Amp may have been overkill but having the extra power has never made me unhappy . I was also very happy with the quality of the materials this product is built with and how well the parts are put together . I would buy this again .
 i wanted to know if this will fit my 1989 chevy s10 single cab regular bed please let me know as soon as possible so i can place my order
 What is this ? Is it a full tonnau cover or what please tell me so I can buy it.Tab Street
 These are the same as the OEM fuel line clips at the fuel filter on a 95 Grand Cherokee . What can I say about them ? If yours break and you do n't have a spare you wish you had a set . If they work you never give them a thought . What can I say about them ... they do the job .
 I do recommend purchasing these if you are about to replace your fuel pump module . I just replaced mine in my 2000 GMC Sierra 4x4 and these were exactly what I needed . This set is perfect because you will need both sizes -LRB- 3/8 '' and 5/16 '' -RRB- if you are using this fuel pump module -LRB- Delphi FG0053 Fuel Pump Module -RRB- . I also purchased this lock ring as well -LRB- ACDelco TR14 Ring Fuel Sendor -RRB- to ensure I had all new parts to work with when replacing the fuel pump module . Amazon shipped these straight to my door faster than what I expected and saved me a ton of money to boot . Thanks Amazon for having these on hand and helping me get my truck back on the road !!!
 These snaps are better than the original snaps . These are metal and you have the option of using them in one of two positions depending on how tight your tonneau cover is . My GMC dealer could not even find the original part in his catalogs and microfiche for my 2001 Silverado with 6 ' bed . The only difference you might find objectionable is that the original snaps are a dark plastic . These are bright metal snaps . I used one on the end of the row at the end of my tonneau cover and if you 're looking for it , you can find it . You could always replace all the snaps in the row of snaps you are dealing with .
 The original snaps kept sliding off the end of the rails until I came up with a fix to keep them on the rails .
 Tonneau covers are n't cheap and this is what I needed to help salvage mine . Only bad thing was it still was n't enough even for a regular six foot bed .
 NEEDED THIS ITEM AND THE PRICE WAS GREAT SO I ORDERED THEM AND SAVED A BUNDLE OVER WHAT I WOULD HAVE TO PAY FOR THEM SOME PLACE ELSE ... THEY WORKED GREAT AND FIT PERFECT ... ME AND MY WALLET ARE VERY HAPPY
 I like these bed rails very much . I was worried they were a little too flashy but I think they look good.Installation was easy . Just drop them in the holes in the bed of your truck and tighten with an allen wrench.They hook up easily to your tail lights . Ground , positive , and negative . Positive can be hooked up to both the brake light and turn signal at the same time.Cons : - no wire hole in rubber block . Not a big deal but would have been nice . - When hooked to brake and turn signal the brake takes over the turn so you ca n't see it flash.Hopefully I will find some time to upload some more pictures being it 's difficult to find product images for this item.Installed on a 2002 GMC Sierra 1500 5.3
 The dashboard on my otherwise fine '93 Camry had been an eyesore for some time . Large cracks and dark discoloration affected the overall appearance of the car . After considering several make-shift coverings - and even toying with replacing the entire dashboard , I discovered DashMat . The product that arrived fit my car perfectly , and the color was an almost exact match . For about $ 30 , my car looks respectable again .
 I like the looks of the Dashmat , but I had to use more `` velcro '' than was provided . In fact , the narrow edge between the defrost vents and the windshield could really use a continuous strip . I did n't have that much , so it is a bit wavy . All in all , it still looks good - much better than the cracked vinyl dashboard underneath , but I 'm thinking that maybe I should have gone with the more expensive `` molded to exact fit '' dash cover -LRB- not sure if it is available from Amazon -RRB- . I 'm not dissatisfied though , especially for the good Amazon price .
 This fixed my back-up lights not coming on . Seems as good as the OEM . If you are changing this yourself you will probaly need a 1 '' deep socket if it is like my Transmission on my 98 Dodge Ram because the way they positioned it I could n't get an adjustable wrench on it .
 This oil cooler has been in my car for several months now and is working great . It will increase your oil capacity by about a quart though . When the engine is hot and you put your hand up against it it feels quite warm so that must mean it 's doing its job.PROS :1 -RRB- relatively cheap2 -RRB- easy installation3 -RRB- works goodCONS :1 -RRB- did not come with mounting spacers , had to get nylon spacers at osh to hold the cooling unit away from the grill . then use zipties to mount it behind the grill .2 -RRB- construction of the cooling unit seems non-robust , but should not be a problem since it should be mounted clear of debris and rocks
 went on real nice and easy coundnt ask for much better tows realy well i would buy again no problem
 It was exactly what I expected , the only thing that kept it from getting the 5 star review was the directions , they were good but a little confusing . Overall a good product .
 I have just recevied my order of this product for my boat trailer . I ordered it based on the design shown and the information in the description . ie . rugged wheel for uneven and rough ground . But when the product got here , the wheel was not as described . So I sent a message to the company , looking to have the correct wheel sent . In less then 24 hours , I received a response back . Apologizing for the problem , they explained that there must have been a design change at the factory that they were not aware of . Not only did they refund my full purchase price , but allowed me to keep the one they sent me because of the inconvience . So to those who are reading this review , know that the agressive wheel for uneven ground is not on this product and the four star rating is not on the product itself . It is on the customer service I recevied for this issue .
 I have had this particular receiver for more than a year now and I have no complaints about it at all . I will discuss the installation first and then what I like about it.I installed this on my 1991 F150 with what I consider only a modest amount of work . It took me about 3 hours from moving my truck into the garage to hooking up my first trailer . Here are some hints that I can pass on : Invest in some vice grips if you have none . I clammed the receiver to the frame to do a dry fit before I drilled my first hole . I spent about 30 minutes making sure I liked how it lined up and then I drilled pilot holes for the bolt holes with the receiver still clamped to the frame . This was to try to ensure that the holes were about as centered as possible so the bolts would line up nicely . Here is the biggest issue ... use a corded drill . I do n't think the battery powered drills have the torque nor juice to make it without having a hard time . I also decided to use a spray lube to keep the bit from binding from excessive heat . It will take some shoulder power to get the holes drilled , but once they are , the rest is a snap.Once I got the holes drilled , I removed the vice grips and receiver and deburred the holes . Having a helper here is a good idea , but not necessary . I first dropped in all six bolts into the holes , lifted the receiver into place , and then tightened them snug , alternating the order and switching sides for each bolt ; left rear to right front , left front to right center , left center to right rear . I did each in incremental tightening , about six different times to reach the torque specified . Probably more work than necessary , but I did n't want to risk tweaking the frame/receiver . The space is a bit tight here , so I used an open box for the bolt head and my torque wrench with a deep well socket for the nut.Now why I like this receiver over some of the others : The largest reason I like this receiver is the construction . It is one hefty piece of equipment . In looking at the other manufactures and models available for my truck , I liked the safety chain hook-up on this one the best . While the other models use a wire loop for the chain , this one uses a plate welded to the square tube with a hole cut out for the hooks . While I am sure the wire loops work more than well enough , it just seems to me to be the weakest link . This set up feels more secure to me . Sometimes the hooks do n't fit in the holes well , so I have installed carabiners that are stronger than even the towing capacity to help with this . It only seems to be an issue with older trailer safety chain hooks . But again , it is a small price to pay for an amazing receiver.All in all , even with the effort to install , I would recommend this receiver to anyone who asks -LRB- provided it fits your rig -RRB- . 5 stars all around .
 Very nice Floor Mats . Bought these for my Honda Civic and they work great . Super deal . Shipping was very fast and they were exactly as I expected . A little small so they should fit just about all vehicles . Might be too small for large trucks .
 This product is made of durable material and has managed to handle the salt and snow during the past winter months.If anything these floor mats would protect the ones that came with your car , even if you are not a Patriots fan .
 I would recommend these to any steeler fan for thier car or truck I love mine I still got to get the two small ones for the back floor of my car . And of course I will be ordering them from amazon.com because I love their merchandise . delivery is fast and convenient .
 Nice product and fast shipping . Would have liked them to be a little bigger and to be all rubber and not carpeted . Still hey nice though .
 These floormats arrived earlier then expected shipping date and in perfect condition . Nice heavy quality materials . Was hoping they were n't some cheaply constructed thin design . My expectations were exceeded . And the mats delighted my Bears fan !!!!
 I got these for my truck , and as soon as they got here I put them in , they look great , and I have n't had a problem with them since I got them .
 the car mats were awesome . My son enjoyed them . The were sent on time and I would purchase from this seller again .
 I am a New Orleans Saints fan and have been since the franchise began . I no longer live in New Orleans but I do still support the team . I wear Saints gear when they play and so does our dog . My entire family are die hard Saints fans . I fly my Saints flag on my car , so why not have the Saints floor mats . Every time I get in my car , I say `` geaux Saints !!!! '' The color is perfect for the interior of my vehicle . I would recommend the Saints floor mats to all Saints fans . I just wished there were mats for the rear .
 was one of the best buy have been looking for for a long time thank you
 The Bronco 's floor mats were exactly what I had in mind and also the perfect gift . He put them in his car right away and I have heard no complaints , so that is a good thing.I would highly reccommend them to someone else .
 This is the second Mustang Studded Touring Seat that I have had . You can not beat the Mustang seats for syle and comfort . This is top quality merchendise and well worth the money .
 What a great seat . It not only looks good on my bike it is very comfortable . With the stock seat my back was always arched , but with the mustang seat it 's like there is a lower back support and my back is always straight . Great padding and excellent craftsmanship . No problem switching seats either . This is one of my better investments .
 What a difference a good seat makes . Well this Mustang seat is a great seat . I have arthritis in my lower back and have had problems with long rides but not any more . The back support is phenomenal ! Plus my wife hugs me a lot more on a long ride because her seat is so much more comfortable for her as well . Great job Mustang .
 I rode over 9000 miles in 15 months on the stock seat and my butt hurt most of those miles ! I was reluctant to spend $ 400 on a new seat but finally caved after a long ride with my wife . After just a few days with the new seat I am kicking myself for not having done this sooner . This seat is AMAZING ! You sit a little lower and your passenger a little higher and that provides a backrest to the driver . The additional support for both passenger and driver makes for a very comfortable ride . I give this my highest recommendation . If you do any kind of riding at all on the Vulcan 900 classic or Classic LT , so yourself a favor and get this seat ! Make this your first upgrade on the bike !
 This seat is great . Just went 300 miles this weekend and never felt sore . The back support feels good . My girlfriend also liked the passenger seat . Note that this seat sits two inches higher then the stock seat . I had to add handlebar risers -LRB- BA-7410-U -RRB- to bring the bars back to the proper height . I now need to raise my windshield to eliminate the turbulance created by sitting higher .
 I receive my stock and I will install next spring season and I sur I will be confortable on my mustang seat
 It may be a five , but I wo n't actually get another ride in this year . The seat looks great , shipped fast and was easy to install . It certainly is heavier than the stock seat and wider with more back support .
 Let me start off by saying that I have had back problems all my life . I have found comfort riding my 2006 Kawasaki Vulcan 900 Classic LT because I think the vibration of the bike really helps my back . The problem was , the factory seat was such a cheap piece that I could n't ride long distances with it.Pros : - Quality . This thing is hand built . The leather is hand stitched , the foam is Mustang 's on custom made foam , the base of the seat is cast right in house and these things are assembled with the top quality in mind . The leather is nice and everything is solid - Fit . Using the factory hardware , this thing fit nice and snug . Once installed , it is not loose and does n't vibrate at all . - Support . This thing has the perfect firmness and support . The passanger seat acts as a back rest and provides a great deal of lumbar support for my lower back . - Directions . As all good products should , this came with bike specific instructions on how to install the seat with pictures and everything - Looks . This thing looks so much better than the stock seat on my bike . It really stands out as a quality piece.Cons : - Price . This thing is pricey but it is hand made and top quality which makes the high cost a bit easier to swallow . - This thing sits higher and farther back from the handlebars which made me change the risers to bring the handlebars closer to me . I am 6 ' 4 '' tall with pretty long arms so if I needed risers , I 'm sure shorter people would as well.This thing , to me , is worth every penny . I contemplated purchasing the one that had the removable back rest but could n't justify the higher price . I feel like the back support from the passanger seat is suffecient though .
 I have never been happier with a product than Mustang seats . I have purchased 4 of them so far . 2 on Honda Shadow 750 one on a Suzuki S50 and one more for a Vulcan Classic LT. It 's got great support with out a drivers back rest . The back rest makes it very difficult for a person with arthritis to get in the drivers seat as you have to pretzel your leg to get over or in front of the back support . Top quality build and it looks awesome . Should be on all bikes sold . Much better than Saddlemen or Corbin for a Cruiser bike . I love mine and so does your passenger . My wife liked riding so much better with the wide touring seat that she wanted to get her own bike and now has her own Mustang seat .
 If you have been searching for an aftermarket seat for your bike you have undoubtedly already read a hundred reviews on Mustang seats ; they 're all true . Quality and workmanship is great and it is a significant improvement over the stock seat . Do n't expect miracles though . You 're not going to have 30 virgins cradling your sorry butt on a 1,000 mile run without paying the price . It is comfortable but be realistic with your expectations . For me , it is an improvement over the stock seat . I did have problems getting used to the raised rear seat pressed against the small off my back , but 500 miles later I 'm beginning to get used to it . If you have the cash and butt hurt , give it a shot , you 'll probably be glad you did . - Taliman 04 VTX1300 R/S
 I received my Mustang seat today and installed it right away . Man is this seat comfortable . I feel like I have more control over my bike now .
 As I researched this item found out that product number 76126 is the seat only with no driver back rest.The seat with the backrest is part number 79416 . Just be aware
 Wow , never thought this seat would be this good , just today , I had a long ride -LRB- 120 miles -RRB- , and my back was thanking me after the ride , man , this seat is worth every penny , and more .
 this seat fits perfectly . it has considerable more padding that will make a long ride worth doing . the passenger seat is really comfortable for my wife . the beads and conchos match my saddlebags . great seat !
 extang makes many different styles of click lock corner pieces , amazon uses the same picture for all the same different pieces . they do not tell you how many come pieces there are per order . some of the pieces come 2 to a bag , while others come 1 to a bag . if you do not know the part number call extang to get the exact part number cause amazon has no idea , what piece or pieces you need
 my hitch arrived as expected , fits perfectly with the factory holes and nuts welded into the frame.Problem was it was packaged poorly and flopped around inside the box , leading to a banged up box with holes in it and some dinged up paint on the hitch.I wrote to them about it and they gave a partial refund.I do n't see anything that says `` REESE or TOWPOWER '' on the hitch , but solid builds and welds .
 Gave it 4 stars because it doesnt have any identifying marks to indicate a brand , otherwise , for the price you couldnt do better any where else.It bolted up almost perfectly , had to pull one corner slightly to line up with the mounting hole , but this was not hard to solve.Packaging was a little scanty for a heavy product , but again , for the low price it came in great condition , just a few scratches because the box was broken in a few places . But this product is going under my car , not to be seen and polished.Very good value , I would recomend this to anyone who is in the market for an inexpensive hitch receiver .
 This hitch is as good as any I have bought and a bunch less money . Easy install , decent instructions , free shipping on Amazon Prime , great !
 This is a pretty good product . It fit nice and tight in the doors of my 2003 Accord without having to drill any holes . I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I had to do some customization to get a tight seal around the speakers -LRB- 5 1/4 in -RRB- .
 Got the cross reference data and bought this item for a fraction of what a Lotus part would have cost . Fits perfectly .
 Bought these through Amazon instead of my local dealership - they 're just too expensive at the dealer . These work extremely well - have not had a problem and they 've gotten an extensive workout in my daily commute through horrendous potholes . They 've stayed nice and tight on all 4 wheels .
 For the price you ca n't beat it , multiple size rivets , gun all in a neat carrying case . Well built .
 Well built ... i recommend having 2 people to install ... i bought it for a 1996 Chevy Silverado ... the frame was cut different than what the towing hitch was so i had to modify it ... so it took about 5 hours to install alone ...
 i bought these for my wife 's 2001 chevy impala they worked good right up to the day we traded the car for her chevy hhr .
 I purchased this for my truck - first class product , easy installation , great looks . It works to keep stuff off front of hood and deflects the occasional bug and rock .
 This CIPA 36300 mirror -LRB- made by Magna Donnelly -RRB- is a direct replacement for a previous CIPA 36300 that I had purchased in 2007 from a different vendor -LRB- that mirror was old stock and was made in 2002 -RRB- . As I found out earlier this year -LRB- much to my disappointment -RRB- , that old design used a liquid gel medium sealed between two layers of glass ... this was the electronic medium for the auto-dimming function . Over time , this gel disolved the seal around the edges of the two layers of glass and let air enter , thus destroying both the clear vision in the mirror and the auto-dimming capability -LRB- result looked like a flat panel lava lamp with air bubbles sliding around under the glass -RRB- . This new mirror purchased on Amazon is of the latest design -LRB- mfr date Aug 2012 -RRB- , using a Solid Polymer Matrix -LRB- SPM -RRB- material for the dimming function -LRB- it ca n't leak -RRB- . I am very pleased with this new mirror . It works perfectly -LRB- dimming , compass , twin map lights -RRB- . The $ 145 price paid -LRB- free shipping -RRB- was $ 50 less than what I paid for the old design mirror back in 2007 . I would highly recommend this product . Note
 Great mirror at a great price . I purchased this mirror not knowing what to expect as far as hooking in in to my electrical system . I put it in my 2005 Corola with a powered sun roof . It was very easy , I tied it in with the electrical system for the sun roof , a 20 min . job . Works great .
 It 's works perfectly . I ca n't say a lot more than its functional . Maybe a little expensive but I have disposable income .
 Exactly what I needed , for a fraction of the price . One warning
 This was super quick and easy to program , and saved us $ 250 over what the dealership wanted to replace the fob . Crazy ! This shipped fast and was ready to use within five minutes . You ca n't go wrong .
 This cover did not fit perfect , but it is good enough for my old camper van . Helps with the glare from the old metal dash and looks nice too .
 standard qualityI 'm currently using in my car , I have little time to use , but arrived safely , and are two for the right price . I generally look good
 The bulbs are a little higher in price . However they are quality and stand up to rough use . . You will get what you pay for.It was easy to find on Amazon .
 I ordered the 2pack of these bulbs for my Makita 18 volt flashlight which uses this same type bulb . My order arrived quickly but , unfortunately , both bulbs were destroyed by the USPS . I contacted Amazon to report the damaged package and they contacted the supplier who immediately sent me two new bulbs . These bulbs work as well and are at least as bright as the original bulb .
 was a replacement for one that went out on my husband rechargeable lights . they fit great . fast shipping . great product will recommend to others
 so far so good . it works perfect and for that price , even better . I would recommend this to any body
 Bulbs were just as advertised . They worked great and received prompt service . Just what I needed ! Will order again when I need more bulbs .
 Purchased the Hitachi drill as a re-furbished item . It came with the lamp thrown in , but with burned out bulb . Surprised to find it so fast on line and then really pleased that it worked . Delivery was super fast . Happy customer .
 These last pretty good - have got some in the past that would not take shock at all ok y
 I was skeptical as to how easy it would be to replace my mirror . Mirror came fast and the install took like 10 minutes . The ONLY criticism I would have , it there are n't any directions or diagrams as to how to do the actual replacement . That was solved by finding a diagram online from Ford . Also , there is one of those special screws that is `` star '' shaped that you need to buy a tip for a screw driver to take off your old mirror .
 Great product is exactly what it says . Good replacement for my mirror which was broken . It is slightly different on the inside but the exterior , after installation , is unnoticeable .
 yoshi 's are one of the best they arrived early they went right on my bat cycle now a can save the city from evil
 This was a good replacement brake pedal pad for my 98 ' Toyota Tacoma.A little tough to get on but it does need to fit tight and does after you get it on.Thanks AMAZON for having parts like this .
 Bought a used 97 tacoma and the pedal pad was worn in the corners . Not a big deal , but for a reasonably low price I now have a safer better looking brake pedal . On time delivery and the product fit as tight as I would want it to be .
 Nice replacement ! Slipped on with little effort and it 's NOT coming off easily . Perfect fit for my Toyota 4Runner . Good price and good traction on the peddle . It 's the simple things in life that matter.It goes down as one of the GOOD purchases of the month .
 I bought this for my 99 Toyota 4Runner which it fits perfectly . It 's got a lot of rubber on it , just like the original . It was a tight fit , but pretty easy to put on . Overall , a very good item -LRB- even though I did spot it months later for $ 1 cheaper at my local auto parts store -RRB- .
 At least that was what my previous pedal looked like , it was showing through to the metal . This beauty fit right over the metal and have not had one problem with it .
 I bought this product earlier this year to replace my old OE foot pedal cover . The product replaced the OE with no problem . it was easy to put on the pedal . I would buy again , if needed .
 Fit my pedal perfect !! very pleased with this product highly recommend.Was easy to instal I am a female and did it myself ... not that that means anything .
 I had been battling the truck door closing poorly for sometime , after the replacment of my old pins this worked great !
 I am very satisfaction of this product . I have repaired my vehicle and this kit are very good.i recommand this product. ,
 I bought this kit knowing that i might not use the pins but i needed the bushings.I am a nut and bolt guy so i used the old pins and replaced the bushings and it worked out fine .
 This Kit did work , but if I was to do it again i would go for the kit with threaded studs
 This item is sturdy , colorful , and useful . Note that the first item I received was torn , and when I called customer service they replaced it immediately and did n't even ask me to return the torn one
 Great lights . The stock lights on my truck were dim , put these in and the road is well lit up . Highly recommend these lights .
 These work . If you are looking for more light without a lot of effort and money , these will fill the bill . More light is never a bad thing . I have tried the cheaper brands in the past . Do n't waste your money on them . PIAA makes a great product .
 Easy install in my 2004 Jetta TDI . Definitely an improvement ; light is `` bright white '' where the stock bulbs were `` yellow '' in color . Better definition ; high beams are much better at night . Not sure how much in an increase in actual wattage vs. greatly improved color of the light , but I can easily recommend these as an easy to install , very worthwhile upgrade over OEM bulbs .
 These bulbs have worked out well . They give off about twice the light of the factory bulbs and give much better road illumination . They give off about 10 % more light than a competing auto headlight bulb . I 'd recommend them to anyone who needs maximum performance in a halogen headlight .
 The standard lighting -LRB- headlights -RRB- on our 2001 Ford Ranger was disappointing . As you get older , you come to appreciate better lighting and the factory headlamps are poor . I tried the better bulbs from NAPA without a great improvement . Finally , I ordered the PIAA 's and they represent a great improvement ; they seem like twice the illumination of standard lighting . I only wish they were available in `` off road '' strength .
 One of my headlights went out and I had Sylvania Ultra Stars in it . I almost went and bought another pair of those because they have been good for me , but while I was looking for those I came across these . I have had great experiences with PIAA in other types of lighting -LRB- fog lights and off road lights -RRB- and did not realize they made headlights . These bulbs are brighter and whiter than the Sylvania 's and I love them so much I will be replacing my wife 's with these bulbs also .
 Installed these on my 2001 F-150 WOW a Big difference even in big city lights night driving , these bulbs really perform well .
 I bought these expecting a literal night and day difference . Instead there 's a noticeable but moderate improvement in my headlight brightness . Nothing earth-shattering , but the improvement is there . Not sure yet if these are worth the extra money , but they were very easy to install , requiring no adapters or special tools.Bottom line
 These head lights are excellent ! They are a true `` white '' light and I can see much better then my factory bulbs . I highly recommend !
 The bulbs , they light up . I chose the wrong color temperature/model . They do n't match the ones I have in my Vespa . I haz a sad about that . But , on the up side , they do provide ample illumination , and keep me from getting tickets for having a headlight out . WIN !
 I replaced the bulbs in my 1999 Lincoln Town Car with the PIAA Xtreme Whites . The Lincoln bulbs and reflectors were already pretty good , but ths PIAA 's * did * make quite a noticeable difference . After installing one bulb , I could compare color and brightness and the PIAA was quite a bit brighter . I installed the other bulb , and then did some fine tuning on headlamp reflector alignment , and this is better than a new car . I tested some country highways , interstate freeways , residential roads and I have the alignment just like a brand new car . I also tested my alignment compared to some very new cars at stoplights when I could get side-by-side and my headlight alignment is similar but my headlight color is whiter , even compared to a new Chevrolet which had a yellowish color and did not bounce off the black pavement as well . I am extremely happy with the new PIAA 's . They are especially useful on those dark , rural highways .
 I know ... `` the cost ... The cost '' buy a set of these and you wont care anymore ... Blows away Silverstar bulbs in both quality and color .
 I like this PIAA extreme white light . When I bought my VW Jette Wagon 5 years ago I replaced my head lights to this extreme white light . It 's range is much wider than the original lights and it has nice bright white light . I usually go to the shop to order this lights but I found them on amazon this time . You can not beat this price .
 the piaa bulbs are much brighter and whiter than OEm bulbs . Very pleased with them .
 Put a set of PIAA headlamps on my Ford Ranger and woke up the night ! Not too bright as to annoy on coming traffic but waaay better than the stock lights.Big Jim Miller
 Not sure what to expect when ordered these . I do a lot of driving at night on twisty backroads/dirt roads and needed something bright . these are sick and very bright ! they are just soo crazy bright its sick . recomend these for use for sure .
 I saw a tip in a home magazine about fabricating a fitting to blow the water out of garden hoses for the winter . Rather than mess around with the plumbing isle at the hardware store , I found this guy that accomplishes the same exact thing . Everytime I use the garden hose between November and May , I finish by screwing this on and using the air compressor to blow out the remaining water . I usually get about a gallon out of my 100 ' hose . It keeps the hose from freezing and cracking , plus I get the benefit of being able to wash the cars on those rare +32 days.Side note - I turn my air compressor down to 60 psi . I do n't really trust a garden hose to hold much more .
 The plug was exactly what I needed.We used it to blow out the line in winterizing our RV.and it worked .
 This product screws into the city water inlet and then I hook up my air compressor to it to pressurize the lines to blow them out . This is my first time winterizing and we 'll see if I did an adequate job , but it was pretty easy to use . If I did n't and I have some plumbing damage , it was n't because of this product but rather that I did n't do an adequate job of clearing all the water out of the system .
 Easy to use . I actually used a hand -LRB- bicycle -RRB- pump to blow out water from the pipes on our RV .
 i got this just it time to winterize our camper its better than draining all the water and replacing with anti freeze . . used it to blow out all water then just poured a little down the drains . . good price and shipping was fast . .
 Winteriziing your RV can be a challenge at times depending on HOW you do it.I find it best to open all of the valves and blow all of the lines out . I still use a little antifreeze as a precaution .
 Was using some home-made items to winterize our travel trailer until I found this gem . The job became easy thanks to the easy connection .
 Have not installed yet . Looks to be the correct part and without any visible defects . No complaints . Would recommend part .
 This will keep my pipes from freezing and it is n't very expensive . I plan to use it at home and on vacation property . Buy it . It can be adapted to blow out at hose bib connections too . It will save on repairs .
 No more losing the old plug over winter with this install and your done in winter just open and drain your done till spring close and your on your way great item
 This one is much better than the plastic plugs . And the concept of blowing out water instead of displacing it with red pop is sound . The only place that antifreeze must be used is in the water pump and in the P-traps -LRB- sinks and shower -RRB- .
 This was the first time I winterized my trailer . This product was easy to use after I removed the valve stem from inside the blow out plug . With the valve stem in the plug the air pressure was too low , once I removed it it worked like a charm .
 I bought this version over the plastic version because you can connect any type of air compressor to it . The adapter is the same kind as used in car and bicycle tires.I used it last weekend to clear the water lines of my travel trailer and it worked as advertized.I initially was going to just use a bicycle pump to push the water out , but I managed to borrow an air compressor at the last minute . I blew the lines for about 30 minutes and then pumped in some RV antifreeze as recommended by my trailer manufacturer.Even though you 'll only use this adapter once a year , I would recommend this over the plastic version because it should last a lifetime .
 I used this tool to winterize our travel trailer . Simply screw it on to your water hook-up , and then attach your standard air adaptor to your compressor hose - and presto - you 're in business.The tip is flexible , but secure . That is , after connecting your air hose to this plug , you can tip the hose in any of 360-degress , and it will flex . This is great , because in colder weather a more rigid adaptor might break.I would recommend this plug for anyone that wants to winterize their RV , and I would purchase it again .
 well made , it ok nothing fancy worked as it should well made , it ok nothing fancy worked as it should well made , it ok nothing fancy worked as it should
 To keep plastic water pipes from freezing in winter , this device is used to blow any excess water out the pipes . Easier to use and cheaper than using marine antifreeze .
 I bought this item for application other than RV lines blow-out . It should work out fine for intended purpose . This solid brass product , when combined with garden hose coupler , is well suited for precharging heating system expansion tank to gain extra air space in the tank for better heating system pressure stability throughout the heating season . The standard Schraeder valve allows use with any suitable air source .
 All you need to know . It works . Made the job super easy and saves a ton of time . Great tool .
 Great bag lots of room and a low profile for front mounting , mounting web straps could be longer for more universal mounting .
 I got REALLY tired of my worn out brake pedal cover coming off . Found this one and about 10 seconds after it came in , it was on ! Looks perfect and has n't budged one bit ! Excellent .
 had to cut off a little on the back to get it to fit , other than thatit is perfect ! just like the ome one .
 This item was perfect to replace my old worn out pad , only bit is its a very tight fit -LRB- no complaints to that as it means it wo n't move or fall off -RRB- but have a screwdriver within reach to help get that final corner on to the brake pedal .
 As good as a pedal cover can be . Seams to be made a litter better that stock pedal cover . So get it if you need it .
 I use the aerosol version on my motorcycle chain when I 'm home . But on trips , to save space , I carry this little bottle , and waxing my chain is pretty easy . A little goes a long way . This little 2-oz bottle is probably enough to lube your chain 20 times or so . The liquid is very thin and penetrates well . Then the carrier evaporates off and leaves the lubricant in place . You will get some dripping , though , so pick a place for chain maintenance that wo n't mind spillage on the ground . For more reviews of this stuff , try Web Bike World.I also use it around the house for a variety of lubricating jobs .
 This stuff has been excellent in my door hinges , certain poles for the pool and even my Glock 17 . It 's clean and neat and very easy to apply and lasts a while .
 After my son broke the mirror on our sporttrac by clipping another mirror on a narrow street , I ordered this replacement part for a fraction of what the dealer quoted me for fixing the mirror . Found a video on youtube on how to remove the door panel and within about 10-15 minutes I had the new mirror installed and working perfectly .
 Wire SetDENSO First Time Fit ignition wire sets are identical in form , fit , color and performance to the factory-installed wire sets . Every part of each wire set construction meets or exceed OE/OES specifications . 6 Wires per setThe 7 and 8mm ignition wires are SAE J2031 Class E rated , the highest quality wire used in the industry . These wires can withstand temperatures from -40 to 428 F and pass tests covering everything from electrical properties to shrinkage to chemical resistance and accelerated life testing.This should have been in product description
 This is a great tool . Due to arthritis , I could never get the drain plug insertedcorrectly so it leaked profusely . This enabled me to insert the plug -LRB- a replacementmetal one -RRB- with no leaks !
 I could easily have made this tool , but I 'm getting lazy in my old age . It beats using a pair of channel locks , and much neater .
 Would have been ideal if it fit my water heater but -LRB- my bad I did not check before I purchased -RRB- . So it joins my tool kit for possible use on another nut of this size or as a gift for another camper .
 works ok but not really enough clearance to use on the water heater valve and is made out of plastic
 This appears to be perfectly fine as long as it fits . I guess the Coleman E3 does not use a standard fitting so it does not fit .
 Used this for a 1999 Chrysler Cirrus and looks different then the auto part stores because they sell the motor only . Gettting the whole unit saved time and was much easier to install . Wires plugged in with fitting so no wire cutting no removal of blade etc. . . My old one was burning out my blower motor resistor and this solved the problem . Mine was removed from space under glove box under plastic cover that snaps off . It has 3 screws and a difficult plug into the resistor and then it was installed .
 This product is exactly what is pictured and fit perfectly . Have n't had any problems , but it has been in the vehicle only about a month.I would buy from this distributor again , especially since their price is half of what a car dealer wanted .
 I was hoping this cap came red and it did ! I hooked this up to my Mallory 6AL CDI box , and it hooked up with the supplied wire connectors -LRB- included with the Mallory CDI box . The one thing to keep in mind with this distributor is that you have to use a CDI box . Both the Mallory and MSD boxes should come the correct wire connectors to properly hook it up . This distributor is still new to me and I have n't had any issues yet . I have heard that some of the older versions of the distributor had issues with rust , but I have n't heard anything about this exact setup . I suppose if rust is an issue I should find out pretty quickly being located on the coast and will post accordingly . As of today I am very pleased with the distributor .
 Well , the shipment arrive very fast , but if you see the photograph of the distrb is grey but the one I received is red .
 I bought this bed cover for my husband for his birthday . -LRB- He told me which one to get -RRB- He had the help of our 6 yr . old daughter for the installation and they had it done in about 45 minutes , and that 's with a childs help ... It went on perfectly . He says , it 's perfect , never had a problem with installing it at all , it fit perfectly , it looks great , better quality material than he had expected and he is getting better gas mileage -LRB- trust me , he checks !!! -RRB- The only thing was , he installed it right before dark on a 39 * day , so he had to wait until the sun hit it to help `` stretch '' it out to get the snaps done up on his tailgate.He loves it ! It never damaged his truck ... which I said it would ... and he loves that he can put stuff -LRB- golf clubs -RRB- back there and have them hidden . -LRB- since he did not get the extended cab -RRB- Overall , he loves it . -LRB- we have had it for about a month now -RRB-
 Bought these for a 99 Beetle , they fit perfectly in the front foot areas.Colors are clear , rubber is thick so they wo n't easily tear and bottom of the mats grip the floor well so they do n't slip.My only complaints are that they are n't all that deep , meaning they do n't really hold a large amount of water/mud/etc that comes off your shoes in them . Also , upon opening them , they absolutely REEKED of formaldehyde , I had to let them air out for 2 days and still washed them to get the smell to subside enough to put them in the car .
 I loved they way they fit and perform . I am an avid outdoors man . They handle the snow , , mud and tree branches great . Would recommend this product to anyone with pets or outdoors person .
 Purchased this for my 2000 Windstar ; price was about 40 % cheaper than local parts store for same item . Have had no issues at all with this .
 Ok , I give it 5 stars although out of four I bought , two would not charge properly , but at 3.99 it was worth the extra effort to get them going . Here is the problem with some of these , the batteries have been sitting a while , so after you charge it for a few minutes , some of these may show they are charged , even though they are not . The batteries need to be cycled in these and all of mine have come back to life . Here is what you can do to help bring them back ... 1 -RRB- Charge unit until LED goes green -LRB- with a battery that needs to be cycled , it may show its charged after a few minutes . With battery that is in good shape and being dead , it should take around 4 hours to charge -RRB- 2 -RRB- Unplug charger and turn on unit . It may go dead after a few minutes , thats OK . After it shuts itself off , wait 10 minutes.Repeat the steps above and it should come back to life . The most I repeated the above steps were 4 times before it accepted a full charge , and all mine work now . Hope this helps someone if theirs does not take a proper charge ...
 I , too , think this battery pack works GREAT ! I tried it for my Blackberry -LRB- I let it run down as low as it would go without it shutting off -RRB- and it charged my Blackberry enough for a whole day 's use , and then some . A week went by without my charging up the B&D Pocket Power before I used it again , this time on my iPod . It was still able to charge my 80GB iPod . I use my iPod for music AND videos and , with the charge from Pocket Power , I even had enough battery power to watch my videos , which is energy-intensive . I have even tried charging my Canon EOS camera battery and it extended my use of the camera . I am buying another one for my trips to Europe -- not every hotel room there is equipped with as many outlets as we enjoy here and a travelling family can only stay up so long in the evenings vying for outlets to charge their electronics . It 's not that heavy or bulky to take . However , despite all my accolades , remember that the sole function of this is as a BACK-UP -LRB- note the emphasis on back-up ! -RRB- ; you should keep it fully charged when you have the opportunity to -LRB- because it does take many hours to charge -RRB- for those times in a pinch when you need it to charge something else that you forgot or did n't have the opportunity to . Hey , life 's a juggling act -- it would be remiss of me to say that a little 5x3x1 box will end all our electronics charging woes !
 This battery pack has a USB port that I can confirm works with the iPhone 3G . The battery is a 1200 mAh NiMH battery that should just about charge an iPhone 3G from 0 % to 100 % .
 This is an awesome product it charges super fast . I dont know what the other reviewer is talking about i can get 2 charges out of this even when i use my extended iPpod battery this is one product every person with an ipod should have .
 I bought three of these , and they are very useful . There is a USB port and a regular 110 plug , so you can use it with anything that will take a USB cable for power and can also use it with you regular chargers for things like cell phones , PDA 's , and even the Kindle . It 's a little heavy , but not bad considering that it is a battery . Nice back-up for use on an airplane if you think you might run low on battery power . I bought mine `` dirt cheap '' from two different vendors on Amazon . If you search for this item on the Web , you will find some outrageous prices . I think the regular list is something like $ 59.95 , and I would never pay that . I got mine for less than $ 10 -LRB- I do n't even want to know why they were that cheap -RRB- .
 I was interested in using this 20 watt battery pack to power my modem/router during power outages so that I could have internet access . Testing a fully charged unit , I set my laptop to stream internet radio and the B & D device powered my modem/router -LRB- a Zoom ADSL X6 -RRB- for 1 hour and 10 minutes . Since this product has a niMH battery and I was concerned about self-discharge , I ran another test after the battery pack had been recharged and then unplugged and left alone for a week . This time it powered the modem/router for just over an hour . I also used it to power the Zenith DTT 901 tv converter box and got over 2 hours viewing time with it . I also tested a second unit with nearly identical results.I have seen numerous complaints about these units - underperforming or not working on various electronics , so maybe I was just lucky , but I am exceptionally well pleased with this product and have purchased several more for family members .
 This has to be one of the best product thati have bought . Only bad thing is you cant hook up everything to it or it will overload .
 There are two sizes , the small 800 MAH unit -LRB- 2 hours -RRB- & the large 2000 MAH -LRB- 5 hours -RRB- unit . I purchased the small 10 watt unit & was VERY disappointed so I returned it . It took 17 hour charge for only 2 hours of my XM radio use which was insane . I then purchased the ` heavy ' 20 watt unit with much better results . I used it to power my XM radio for 5 hours and it works well to recharge my cell phone twice . It will also power a LED 2 watt -LRB- 45 watt equiv -RRB- light bulb for 7 hours . It also charges in 17 hours but the power available is more satisfactory . I WILL KEEP IT . It will work better if the Lithium Ion version is ever developed .
 The product works as promised . I was hoping to get 12V DC out the charge port since that 's the charge voltage . That port is blocked as an output .
 This is a must have item for every home ! I was without electricity after Hurricane Ike and I was able to fully charge my cell phone and iPod using the battery pack . When my electricity was restored , I was able to charge it and pass it on to friends without service so that they can at least charge their phones . This process will continue until everyone 's service is restored . I am ordering some to give as Christmas gifts .
 did find it works after confusion of lites due to no spec sheet . works but only for hour or so
 This belt fit perfect and appears to be made as well as the belts I usually pay 2-3 times as much for . Great product and service from Bando and Amazon .
 For the Westin 32-0055 license plate relocator can be mounted `` inverted '' under a Westin grill guard dead center , between the driving lights . Attached with a `` black '' elevator bolt to give the installation a clean appearance . Amazon as well as Westin have providing a product that is diverse in the manner it can be effectively used . Amazon without without knowing it , has provided a solution that will support the installation on other manufactures grill guard and bull bar as well . Amazon , I commend you , for providing a solution to solve my problem , that being no front license plate mount on my vehicle .
 I put the Weston Bully Bar on my truck and got a ticket for blocked license on my first trip into the city . I bought the re-locator , which was very easy to install and puts the license plate square between the new bar mounted lights . No problems with the law since then.The piece is well made and comes with enough little cushions and such so the plate does not vibrate . It would be easier to install before oyu mount the bracket , but there is enough room to get at the screw from under the bar which is what I did . Make sure you use a little Locktite when you put the screw in . Wish I would have done this to begin with and saved the $ 50.00 ticket !
 Ordered this for my truck to re locate my front License plate to top of the bull bar . very easy to install . . took me about 15 mins ... good quality . . universal fit . .
 is good , and like , yet I did not used but I use soon , ok , bye bye nothing good night , so
 I ordered this for my husband and he is very pleased with it . It was easy to install and looks better than he imagined . Shipping was fast and item arrived in perfect condition .
 Would have been easier if installed before putting the grill guard on the truck , but the design is simple and effective . Should keep me out of trouble with the police .
 Needed to add a front license plate following my relocation to Texas . This little item solved the problem . Installation was less than five minutes .
 This turned out to be a little more tedious of a task for me to install but , overall very satisfied . Looks great !
 Although my husband has not yet installed the bracket , he was extremely pleased with the quality and ease expected for the installation .
 Really does not take away from the bull bar . Very easy to install and great if your state requires a front plate .
 Bought a westin bull bar for my 08 Tacoma and received it on time . Bar was chrome , as ordered and had no scratches or defects . Was able to install it with no issues . Recommended .
 I like the item but was misled there is no license plate holder . It is just a the adapter and you have to add a license plate holder . Otherwise you can just bolt on the license plate from the bottom . WORKS !
 I purchased this item because I could n't reuse the OEM plastic license plate holder , the OEM license plate holder 's plastic rivets had to be drilled out in order to mount the bull bar properly . This holder looks sharp and comes with rubber stick-on feet that you can attach to the back of your license plate to prevent vibration noise .
 First off , I wish I lived in a state where I did n't need a front license plate . A front license plate with a bull bar takes away from the appearance of it . However , if you are like me and are worried about getting pulled over for this stupid reason of not having a front license plate then this product is for you . The actual bracket is pretty much hidden and it almost looks like the license plate is floating . So , you do n't see any of the hardware . It bolts on sturdy and is easy to install with a 5/32 '' hex key . I am extremely happy with this product and would recommend it to anyone wishing not to be a victim of an unnecessary ticket from the police .
 In case anyones confused by the description -LRB- or lack of -RRB- , it does hold 1/0 wire . It has adapters for I believe 4ga built in that easily screw out , I 'm using 1/0 in and 1/0 out.Solid fuse holder .
 I had the normal fuses installed on my sound system in my car when one day my system stopped working . its time to investigate ... the first thing I do is check the fuses and i opened my hood of the car just the see that my normal fuse and fuse holder MELTED !! so i said to myself its time to get a anl fuse and fuse holder . ive had this in my car for a month now and i have not had any problems yet but we will see in the future . it didnt make a difference in sound but Im just hoping it doesnt melt like my previous fuse holder . .
 Purchased for my son . As per his remarks it is exactly what the description says it is and worked fine .
 Got this as an upgrade from a simple fuse holder . Works perfect and has a tight connection . The only concern was that where the power wire goes , it looked used and was discolored . Did n't effect anything though
 THIS LIGHT IS THE BEST EVER , PLENTY OF LIGHT I WOULD DEFFINTLY RECOMEND TO ANY MECHANIC . IT HAS MANY USES , AND IS LIGHTWEIGHT .
 The product works great on the driver side for a 1993 Jeep Wrangler YJ , but since the prong is angled , I had to mount it upside down on the passenger side because of clearance issues . Overall , it gets the job done
 i have n't receive them yet , at first about 5 yrs . ago i was scared that y' all would just get my moey and run off , but it been straight business . so i know they are what you all describe
 Great quality . You can not tell the difference between the OEM unit on the drivers side and this replacement one on the passanger side . Easy swap and replace . Excellent price . Fast/Free shipping as well .
 Received both right and left side mirrors in perfect shape and shiney black , this order was packed perfect , no imperfections , and fit perfect .
 Purchased this mirror after I had broke my previous mirror on the fence and I am satisfied with it . I do n't see any flaws with it and it looks factory -LRB- OEM -RRB- . Very good buy in my opinion , probably the cheapest you will find too !
 great Kn filter for e36 m3 , wont find this in your local store , best 50 dollars spend on my car
 These are great for fixing your door easy to install they do n't come with directions however . I recommend you check on line in the Chevy Blazer forum there you will find detailed instructions for installation they even have tips on how to make a simple tool to heip with the inserting the bushings . I found the info very helpful and saved me a lot of time and grief .
 This was the exact same thing we could have bought at Auto Zone . I saved a few pennies and did n't have to pay shipping . One of the bushings broke when my husband tried to put it on . Luckily , I was able to run to the parts store and get a new one . Otherwise , the pine and other bushing were fine . If you do n't live close to a parts store I would highly recommend buying this product online .
 these work great on my gm vehicle and are fairly easy to install . If you need hingpins for your gm vehicle I highly recomend theses .
 Very Fast shipping . Product arrived in perfect condition . Pins were a perfect fit . Washers were all same size there should be one slightly larger than the other per set ... No big deal though ... . since the washers do not move for proper door functionality I simply wrapped the smaller washer with electrical tape to give it a snugg fit and it works perfectly fine ... . other than that small but fixable detail ... Perfect !!
 First of all , I never did something like this before until now and it had to be done . In my situation the bushing was broken on top . So , I opt not to by bushing removing tools or pin remover . I took 2 screw driver popped the retaining clamp and a small chisel broke the rest of . The top bushing od was a little bigger then my door post hole , is this normal I do n't know . I grease od of the top busing , and used a socket of same od with extension , tap it went in smooth , I broke the bottom bushing with the chisel and the new bushing went in with no trouble maybe because hole was a little oblong from leaning . I bought 2 just in case . Good product for the price , and it worked well for me . Do u need the removing tools I ca n't say .
 Got these pins for my `` 97 S-10 which had a sagging drivers side door . Did exactly what I bought them for , to remove the sag . The job was n't to hard to do either . Hardest part was knocking out the stock busshings . But that 's not a fault of this product .
 This was an easy fix for my wifes blazer . The whole project took about 45 min and cured the door sag and rain leaking in , also the wifes nagging . I bought the spring tool to make life a little eaiser and it did . Use some PB blaster and a little patience and do n't hit the windshield popping out the top pin . I used a floor jack and a rope from the garage ceiling to steady the door . Yes it does take two pins per door .
 These fit great on my 2000 s10 Blazer z85 and were easy to install . I recommend getting the spring compressor as well .
 Parts looked much better than pictured when I received them . Perfect fit and very easy to install alone with nothing more than a floor jack , a hammer and a screwdriver . Mine did not come with the clip for the end of the pin , so I just reused the originals .
 I bought this product for my 98 Chevy S10 . It fits great , and it 's nice not to have to lift my door up to close it anymore . It does n't really look exactly like the picture , but I think that 's just a generic picture for all the hinge kits . Make sure you put it in from the bottom for the top hinge if yours is like mine . There is n't room to do it from the top , and your hammer can slip and crack your windshield if you 're not careful . Otherwise it 's a no brainer to put in . All you 'll need is a hammer and some pliers .
 Great buy for my Lexus IS250.Fast shopping . It was very easy to install . Ill never have to buy another air filter as long as I have the car .
 I 've purchased this air filter for my 2006 Lexus IS350 and it 's been about a year and 8,000 miles with no problems what so ever . Can I tell a difference in the power , fuel economy ? Not really , but I know that I wo n't have to buy another , just simply wash it clean and re-install .
 IT CAME QUICKLY AND FIT PERFECTLY . WHAT ELSE CAN YOU ASK FOR . I THINK IT WILL PERFORM AS WELL AS THE ONE IN MY TRUCK .
 Excellent product and much less expensive than at the dealer . Shipped on time , easy instructions to replace old filter with the new one .
 You decide from K and N 's information . I 'm not an expert , but am trusting their research on their website addressing MAF concerns . Do everyone a favor and post info if you can prove them wrong .
 I bought this as a refurbished item and it would n't charge the battery if it was plugged into the bottom , only if the battery was detached . Workable but not what I wanted so I called B&D. ; They had me try a couple of things and then immediately shipped me a brand new unit and a pre-paid UPS label . The new unit works flawlessly.You get a very bright lantern and 6 LED lights beneath the main bulb , AM-FM radio which works fine , the NOAA weather band is difficult to tune but that 's true with any non-PLL tuner . The AC inverter works fine for charging most AC devices , the 12v DC power socket is handy for some devices but the ability to keep the whole thing charged via the included adapter or by hand-cranking is the best feature.I have n't run trials on the duration of the light since we 've had no outages this winter but I 'll post them when I can .
 I bought this lantern for my husband to take to camp . He absolutely loved it . It really is super sturdy and well made exactly what you would expect from a Black and Decker product . The price was the best of all - just go and compare the prize you will be surprised of the sweet deal here : -RRB-
 I bought this for a backup power for our company data center . It has come in handy a couple of times and it works great . We have not used the radio or the Power utlity much but all features work well enough . I am happy with the Black and Decker lantern and would recommend it .
 Great combination of features for a portable unit . The main CFL is very bright , and the LEDs provide ample light when you do n't want to be blinded . The battery seems to last very well , especially if you 're just running the LEDs . The radio tuner seems to lock fairly well , does n't seem to wander too much . Have n't had the opportunity to use the inverter other than just to test it , but it seems very usable .
 Nice finish , looks just like original . Took just a little pressure to fit , but not sure if that was due to previous damage to the vehicle . They look great once installed , and really dress up the front end again .
 Very happy that the dash cover by DashMat fit my old 1983 Ford F-250 so perfectly , I am very pleased !
 The spring kit is very well made , good paint quality . It provides amazing ride quality , was even more confortable then the stock springs in my Corolla . The stance it provides is very good , it lowered my car even more then I was expecting -LRB- perhaps 0.3 '' higher would have been better -RRB- . I was between this kit and the Eibach pro kit , chose this one because the Eibach is sayed to lower only 1.1 '' , while this one was 1.6 '' , and the price for the B&G ; ended up being lower . However after I saw it lowered a little more then expected , perhaps I should have tried the Eibach that probably lowers more then the 1.1 '' as well and I know the brand better.The only dissapointment with this kit is that it does n't come with some kind of manual , warranty card , paper with its safety and quality certificates , or even a congratulations on your purchase letter . The only thing that comes in the box is the four springs . Kind of expected something more , felt a little cheap instead of a high quality professional company .
 These items are both excellent ways to take care of your iPod . I keep my iPod in the iSnug in my purse and I put the iPod Sticky Pad in my car and put my iPod on it when I listen to it through the radio . In this way you can prevent any accidental damage to your iPod : -RRB-
 These two items -LRB- iSnug Case and Sticky Pad -RRB- both work well and as advertised . The case is roomy and padded to protect the iPod . The sticky pad needs to be mounted on a flat location in your vehicle , which can be tricky , but once you find one , it works great . The shopping and shipping experience was flawless .
 air ratchet workes on 4cfms of air witch is about all my compressor can handle . it has good speed and power also workes in tight quarters witch is what i need when i work on my equipment.couple that with good service and quick delivery . works for me .
 I bought this for my husband and he said it was perfect for the jobs he has to do . He said he liked that it was a good weight , so it makes it great for the jobs .
 The air ratchet is very well made . I looked at other ones before I ordered this one.No complaints , i would recommend this ratchet
 I own this book , and also the red one for early 80 's rabbits . Both books have been amazing in the detail and ease of understanding . You can do ANYTHING on your car with this manual . Awesome wiring diagrams ; they saved my life while setting up a megasquirt system !
 Although I have only recently acquired this manual I am very happy with it.I have a 1990 Jetta VW diesel 1.6 l.This book has allowed me to replace the dash lights in the control cluster . It has also shown me where the wiring goes and what it does . The mystery is missing.Some jobs , like replacing the heat shields on the fuel injectors will be left to my mechanic . -LRB- He also uses Bentley manuals for other cars besides mine . -RRB- His collection of Bentley manuals predate his online subscription to manufacturer manuals speaks to the quality of the manual.I would not hesitate to recommend a Bentley manual . It might be a few dollars more than some of the others but it is well written and nicely illustrated.Ted in Victoria , BC
 I got these for my Wife 's 2005 Montero LTD and so far no problems . Did a full brake/rotor replacement so it rides like new now . Some great prices on these make it worth it
 This thing arrived five days before the original estimated delivery date and even one day before the Fed-Ex date . Rolled nicely in the box without folds or crunching that would cause roll marks in the nap . Fits great on the dash in my 96 Camaro . The only thing to mention would be that where the dash drops to the right of the instrument panel the binding sticks out slightly further than anywhere else . Could only be on my particular piece , as I do not know if they are bound individually or machine run . Overall a great buy and worth every penny . I purchased this because my main dash plastic has several cracks and the dash mat was less than half the price of a new main dash panel and of course , less work . Best improvement to the car to date !
 The Loctite brand of thread sealants are excellent when used properly . This one as well as some of the other loctite anaerobic sealants react in the presence of a metallic catalyst to set up to an excellent sealant . They will not set up when no metal is present so I use copper dust , micron sized and mix it with the sealant when I want a rapid set up or when I use the catalyst acting sealants on some safe plastic fittings that I know from experience are safe for these sealants as they will weaken and destroy some plastics . There are different gripping strengths and set up times available . The high strength sealant creates connections that are very difficult but not imposable to disassemble but this one is medium strength and will set up in about one half hour when a catalyst is used . One downside is they expire and past the expiration date will set up very slowly if at all . I replace my stock every 3 years so that I will not have expired product . The date of manufacture is stamped into the plastic where the tube is crimped at the end . They are anaerobic , set up in the absence of oxygen so the surface may remain liquid where exposed to oxygen but just below the surface they set up as advertised . Excellent products . Learn to use them properly and you will have excellent results and best of all no leaks now or latter .
 Was the same product as advertised and it arrived in perfect condition . Price was much lower then auto parts stores . Easy to install and looks awesome .
 I have installed this set on my bike to get the attention of NYC motorists who , from experience with other warning devices , would otherwise fail to notice me or the bike in traffic . Having tried LED flashing lamps and other warning indicators , the strobe is the only lamp visible in daylight and sufficiently intense to prevent motorists from opening doors , making turns and blissfully changing lanes in ignorance of a cyclist . My only complaint concerns their reliability . I had to have two sets replaced until I got one that kept working . The lamps deplete AA batteries rapidly and I recommend using 2000 mAhr rechargeable NiMh cells which will provide an operational life of a couple of hours .
 Very happy with the gas can . It is exactly as advertised at a reasonable price . Suited my needs just fine .
 The price was great . Same product I could have bought localy but at a 3rd of the cost.Only complaint was that it was delivered dented and the return is a big hassle so I kept it .
 This gas can is perfect for my ATV . It allows me peace of mind while I am in the backwoods . Great for exporing new places .
 Exactly what I ordered -LRB- needed legal for CA cans -RRB- ... quick shipping ... great customer service . I 'd order from them again !!
 Newly formulated gas has ethanol added to it and one side effect is that ethanol attracts water . My old plastic gas can let air in and the result was a lot of water in the container . So in addition to keeping gas vapors out of the air which supposedly helps with smog , the Blitz can keeps mositure from entering the can.Regarding the can itself , it 's very nice . Solid metal and will last forever with reasonable care . Nice that 's it made in the US , too . Blitz also sells a varity of replacement parts and different spouts which is appreciated . I just wish Blitz made a 2-gallon metal can as well .
 The absolute best design for a gas can . Easy to fill , easy to pour -LRB- with a metal spout -RRB- and easy to carry . Makes all other gas cans pathetically inferior .
 I 've owned 5-gallon metal gas cans before and this is top notch . Very well made and worth the money .
 I received my new wires just in time for the weekend and the new family Toyota Tacoma got some new wires . It took quite a bit of work to remove the throttle body intake tube , in order to get to the front plug wires on the passenger side but it was worth it . The wires fit perfectly . I recommend you clean the throttle body while you have the intake tube off . Having the TB up high makes it easier to clean the butterfly with a sturdy toothbrush .
 I installed this Denso wire set 671-6182 which fit perfectly even though the part fit selection tool on Amazon indicated the wire set did not fit . I verified the fit at the Denso aftermarket web site . Amazon also had these in stock and had the best overall price .
 This wire set is top quality . However , I had to send it back because there were only three wires in the box . I ordered another set for a different car without a problem . Return was extremely easy . Amazon even paid for the return and credited my card in a few days . Buying from Amazon is always a great experience .
 The Denso spark wires were what I expected . I was a little disappointed that they did not have the seperators already attached . But all in all a good buy .
 This bull bar is well made and bolts-on as advertised . However , it 's a bit of a challenge to mount it with the Stainless skid plate , intact . I also mounted a pair of 100W IPS off-road lights and the looks and functionality just complements my old truck 's looks . Be aware though that the bull bar is purely cosmetic and is NOT designed to function as a push or crash bar . However , I did n't buy it for that purpose , except as a cool way to mount my off road lights and for that , this bar functions really well . Lastly , also be sure to use work gloves when installing as the laser-cut Stainless skid plate has sharp edges that will cut ya . All-in-all , it 's a sharp-looking well made product .
 Put this on my 2006 Silverado and am very happy with it . I wanted to balance looks vs protection , and needed a place to put a couple of extra lights for the animal life that pops up in surprising fashion . I do n't really like the looks and bulk of full-grill guards when installed on my truck , did n't complement the truck style . This unit bolted on without problem , quickly . I like the skid plate it came with , and the chrome finish remains unblemished despite the two winters it has endured . Do n't forget to order the license plate holder if you are a two plate state . -LRB- Install it before mounting the guard -RRB- .
 Brakes installed perfectly . I got both front and rear . They work great . I would definately recommend this product to anyone looking for brakes .
 About 2 years ago , while pumping fuel while on vacation in Iowa heading back to Washington State , a young man approached me . He had the same truck as I , he was pulling a small boat with a trailer , I was pulling a 10,000 LB 5th wheel . He was so proud of his Edge Evolution Programmer he wanted me to come take a look at his . He was excited on how well it preformed and how easy it was to install . I have been thinking about that unsolicited endorsement ever since , especially when I began to lose power on slight inclines while pulling the trailer and when I buy diesel . After 2 years I finally bought one and could n't be happier . I can now keep up with traffic while draging the trailer and I 'm sure my economy has improved . I do n't know by how much since I have n't gone through a whole tank yet with just pulling the trailer or a complete tank without pulling it.The installation was easy . Drilling and taping a hole in the exhaust manifold was a little hard on the nerves , but everything turned out fine . You simply plug it in and you are ready to go .
 Great programmer ! I have the autometer tripple gauge pod on my driverside a pillar , and this does n't fit with the pod there.There are other options from other companies for mounting these programmers , auto meter makes an overhead console mount for the edge programmer . It might work with the dual pod , but I ended up cutting into the dash to flush mount the unit . Hope this helps someone
 I found that these worked very well on my toyota camry and the price was great as well . Would have been five stars but the rotors were made in China . I had ordered some Beck/Arnley rotors in the past that were from South America and was hoping for the same for these . They still work just as well and fit the same but I was hoping to get away from buying from China . I have had very good luck with Beck/Arnley products in the past and will continue to use them in the future .
 took this to my mechanic for installation . he thought it was a good choice and it installed perfectly . 5 stars if it lasts past its warranty .
 Was easy to install and looks great but this item is shipped in the original box which needs to be greatly improved . item was slightly damaged in an inconspicuous area so i decided to just install it as is . But beware the damage could have been much worse ,
 Nothing about this part would lead me to believe that it was n't a quality piece . Fit and finish were great and ball joints well sealed with smooth movement .
 Mirror and body are both good . Installation was easy and fit to the door was goo . Wiring harness hooked right up . The back panel offeref a choice of flat or mirrir finish and that snaps in place . The snap on cover was dissapointing . I broke the matte finish one tring to install it so I used the mirror finish . Would have been happier without the option had the cover been pre installed or even better a one piece body .
 IF ONLY THERE WERE A PEOPLE RESTORER ? I would not be permanently convalescing and writing reviews about oil treatments , movies , classical music and good books.Question
 For the past 4-5 years , I have driven a 1992 Ford F-150 that now has 117,000 miles on it . Each of those years , I have used a can of Restore after every oil change . Suffice it to say , I have never had any engine problems with my vehicle and have noticed cleaner engine running.I would recommend this product -LRB- in either 4 , 6 , or 8 cylinder formula -RRB- to any vehicle owner who wants to get the most out of their engine performance . Despite my vehicle 's `` advancing age '' , I am convinced that rust will doom it long before engine burnout , in no small part due to this product .
 Basically , I have tried several different oil treatments for several different applications . I have used this one time and again and I really do love it ! 1986 Mercury Grand Marquis - started using this at 200k miles , engine ran until 375k miles -LRB- and still runs , it needed some other work , so I just scrapped it , the engine runs like a clock though -RRB- . I also put this in a ford explorer that had some terrible knocks , this seemed to quiet it out , and make it run better.I just put this in a VR6 Jetta that has 205k miles on it , and gets a dismal 23.5 MPG . After using this product , 2 days later I was at 30mpg , an increase of 6.5 mpg!I will be using this in every car , at every oil change ! For any car over 150k miles this is a must !
 I used one can of Restore for 89 sedan that was burning oil . Amazingly , the car almost ran better almost within an hour and has largely stopped burning oil . If your car is burning significant oil this product is worth a shot if you do n't want to/can ' t mechanically repair the engine .
 I own a 1991 Nissan Sentra . The timing chain guides are completely worn out . Makes a terrible noise upon morning starting until oil pressure to valves . I poured this `` ENGINE RESTORER ; 4 CYLINDER ENGINES '' into my oil valve cover . Within minutes it seemed more quiet . The next morning I started the engine as usual but with `` NO '' timing chain chatter at all . Repeat no chatter at all . This is not a fix for main bearing problems and the like , however if you have an old vehicle like mine and want to get a little extra milage out of her then this formula `` ENGINE RESTORER '' will do the trick . FYI Judgment Day May 21 , 2011 . Thank you for reading my review .
 After years of using oil additives which increase viscosity and the risk of blowing oil seals in the engine -LSB- I 've done that . -RSB- , I tried this product . It does not increase viscosity , but it does increase the gas mileage -LSB- 10-12 % -RSB- and the performance of my 1998 V6 Plymouth Voyager which now has almost 140,000 miles on it . Also , it quieted the noisy lifters and made the engine much easier to turn over on very cold mornings.During the summers , I do use a viscosity-increasing additive -LSB- `` NO SMOKE '' -RSB- which I find to be better at reducing the engine 's tendency to burn a little oil -LSB- quart every 2,000 miles -RSB- , especially at high speed for sustained periods . However , `` Restore '' increases gas mileage and is better in cold weather in every way . Now that Old Man Winter is nearly here again , I 'll be repurchasing the little silver can very soon . Brrr !
 Just making sure everyone know this is two mats , not one . Listing is misleading . Good heavy duty mats with deep channels .
 Just as described , perfect fit , shipped very quickly , and gret mats for my son 's Ford Focus . He as very happy with this gift .
 Just recieved my hitch and already instaled it . Fit like a glove . This is my 3rd Curt Hitch and just like the ones previous , flawless . Curt Hitches for me always fit great and they look great too . I have 1 other that is at least 4 years old and it still looks like new . They have great welds and a great strong finish that takes abuse . Plus , I like that it is made in America . I have tried other hitchs and found that some do n't fit very well and require a lot of persuasion . The directions say that it takes 30 min . to install . Took me 3 min . with just one socket wrench and no persuasion . All hardware was included . Thank you Curt Hitch 's for a great product , and thank you Amazon for the best price and free shipping .
 Good Quality , simple installation for my Application.Great value for the price I paid.Would buy their products again.I paid around $ 160 . Shipped quick
 Excellent build quality and a great fit for my 2003 chevy tahoe . Easily installed with 4 bolts . Would highly recommend this product to anyone looking to purchase .
 See my review for the passanger side mirror . Just buy it . It is the cheapest and best replacement mirros out there . Look at my other post . Buy it !
 Good value and love the products . Bought as a gift for my Dad 's birthday . recommend to anyone with a car they love .
 If you have to buy this individually at the auto parts store , it would cost much more . Mequiars is a good middle of the road car care product , cant go wrong .
 I have been a Meguiar 's die-hard fan for over a decade . I am a bit of a &#34; type A &#34; personality when it comes to my vehicles and always like them to be looking nice and I have never been disappointed by Meguiar 's products . I used to exclusively use very expensive carnuba wax products complete with cleaning and polishing compounds , but got tired of the effort that it took to get the car looking great . Meguiar 's cleaner/wax is amazing and really makes short work of getting the car cleaned/polished/waxed . The quick touch-up product also work really well when you just need a quick &#34; tune up &#34; after a wash . I love the fact that the other products were also included in the kit and have been happy with the tire and interior treatment . I have a MB C300 with the MBTex interior and it works very nicely on that material . All in all - continued quality products from Meguiar 's and a great price for a great kit .
 The selection was pretty comprehensive . I could have used a few more cloths . The products themselves are really effective . I recommend this to anyone .
 I absolutely love the kit , it should have come with some more micro fiber cloths and the wax did spill when i received the box but besides that it works well . For painted rims i would definitely tell you not to use the tyre and rim cleaner as it 's pretty strong .
 This is a Christmas gift for my son . He has a very nice red truck and always keeps it looking nice
 Wanted to use some of their other products for years but never did . When I saw this kit I purchased it and am glad I did .
 It got the car clean , so it definitely did something right . My only complaint is that you run out of wheel cleaner so fast -LRB- you have to use a lot to get the job done . -RRB-
 What else can one say about Meguiars ?? Good products - always near the top of the line at a reasonable price.Great stuff for nearly everybody ...
 This kit is everything you need . Car is sparkling black after using the product . I never use to wash my own car but since I bought this kit It 's pretty much my alone time that I have once a week . Love the results and you will too .
 This Meguiar 's wash and wax kit is an incredible value and the products are great . Meguiar 's started as a furniture polish manufacturer 100 years ago . Over the years they 've been perfecting their cleaning and polishing products -LRB- no , I 'm not a Meguiar 's employee ! I just like to learn about the history of things -RRB- . The Quik Detailer sprays are great for cleaning in a pinch . Washing and waxing with Meguiar 's results in a great shine . The wheel cleaner is easy to use and my wheels look great.If you priced these out separately -LRB- even here on Amazon -RRB- , you would pay AT LEAST 3 times the price for what you get in this kit . If you want to clean and detail your own car , this kit is hard to beat .
 Yes , i 'm definately bumping fists with all those who give this product a 5-star rating . why ?!? Because it 's worth every penny!All products worked together for the sole purpose of making your ride `` spit-shine '' , `` pimped out '' , `` glare with glamor '' , `` studded '' or simply , looking brand new -LRB- lol -RRB- ... I love the shampoo , it seems it will last me for a good 2-3 years on constant cleaning every other week , because all it takes is a lil ' dab -LRB- 2 corks full -RRB- with the sponge and a bucket of water , and it will soap the whole car for a good lathering ... But my big concern is the waxing , it 's good yes . but to me it feels like it wo n't last long , since you have to squirt a good batch to give your car the sparkles -LRB- lol -RRB- . I love the cleaning cloth , sponge , and the circle thingy ... especially the circle thingy ... as i motionally in circles wax my ride with it , i could n't help feeling like the kid who was waxing his karate instructor 's wheels ... wax on ... wax off ... waa ` cha ' ... lol . ahh if only he had the meguiar 's classic wash & wax kit ... his sensai would promote him to a double degree black belt on a job well done . . lol lol.But on a serious note , this product is definately a steal for what it 's worth . Go get yours !!!!
 This is a great kit . Comes with almost everything you need . Meguiar 's products are high quality and give you great results when you use them . The only thing missing is the glass cleaner .
 the wax smells good . The quick detail fluid does great job . If the price goes back to ~ 19 , I 'd like to buy another set .
 Arrived on time , great condition , ready to go . Have used the products before , so anticipate great results .
 I bought a new car and the dealer tried to sell me this package for $ 499.00 . They said they they professionally apply it . Ha when I should him the amazon web site and their price the dealer was red faced ... Great product too !
 It seems to be a good product . It 's for my boyfriend and he hasnt got to use it yet but I 'm sure it will work great .
 Very well put together kit and it has everything you need . Great gift for someone who just bought their first car .
 Came with all the essentials you need to clean your car and the price was decent . However , if you are on a budget , you can easily build a much simpler kit . You can get the car wash soap , wax , and towels/sponges at Walmart for about $ 15-20 . You do n't really need the interior detailer , wheel cleaner , or quick detailer if you are on a budget .
 Is too Heavy and the delivery cost increase a lot , however the Kit includes different kinds of products that help in all the areas of the car , and this is a good point for that Kit
 I got this as a gift for my car obsessed brother-in-law . He seemed to like it . I 'm not sure how it worked on his car or even if hes used it yet .
 I was very happy with the price and quality of this kit . It provides a variety of products to get your car looking much better than the average car cruising around the streets . I 'm not a car crazy sort of person but I do like my vehicles to look their best . I would recommend this kit for starting out and later purchasing more specific care care products to meet your needs . It 's good value for people living outside the USA with the reasonable shipping charges . It was delivered to my home in Australia in less than two weeks .
 I recently bought a new car and I was looking for products that I could use to clean it and make it shiny without damaging the paint or the products being too harsh . I decided to purchase this set as a test and I am very happy I did . When I finish with them I will be purchasing the larger set . : - -RRB-
 This is a great deal , well worth the money spent . Awesome price for the amount of product you get . Definitely will be buying this again .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my husband , he loved it ! Meguiar 's is his favorite brand for car cleaning supplies and he is very meticulous about his car .
 Everything came & looked as promised . The packaging left a little to be desired as I did see ones in stores that were in prettier boxes , but the prices were a lot higher , so overall ... it 's great !
 At the Christmas drawing I drew the name of a man I did n't really know a lot about . Found out he loves the Meguiars products so I thought I would order a kit and Hope it got here before Christmas . I ordered on 12/11 and it arrived on 12/13/2011 . Now that is really fast service . Only down side is I should have ordered him a nice bag to keep it all in .
 This kit is pretty well thought out and does the job well . Receive it fast and exactly as described . Really great value and will be ordering more products from this company in the future .
 One ca n't beat Meguiar 's products , Barry takes pride in his products , and this was a great price for all that you get ... so why try the rest when you can get the best !
 This a great combo of cleaning/care products for my car . It was exactly what I was looking for . If you know what all these products are , then you will understand this is a great purchase . Everything included is really all that is needed for a perfectly clean car . The only thing missing is the bucket , water , and a good means of drying -LRB- I used one of those super absorbent towels rather than a chamois -RRB- .
 This was a great purchase for only $ 20 . Can not beat the price . Meguiar is a known good quality product . Was very pleased with the way my car turned out having never waxed it before . Looks brand new ! The only thing the kit lacks are enough microfiber towels for the whole wash -LRB- at LEAST 5 were needed in my case -RRB- and it does not have a window cleaner . I used Rain-X to give it an invisible barrier to water and dirt . I am very pleased with the outcome and will surely purchase again when I run out of product . I can easily get 6-8 full washes with the shampoo/detailers , but probably only 3 or 4 waxes .
 If amazon had a feature to subscribe to an item that gets auto shipped once every couple of months , I would definitely put this product in that loop.You just need to get the steps down right . I purchased 2 extra sets of microfiber towels from Meguiar and a cheap odd lots brush for my tires . This is obvious , but just thought I would elaborate on what I do those gloomy Sunday afternoons : Wet the Car ; Use the TIRE cleaner with the brush ; Use the provided SCRUBBER with GEL to shampoo the car ; dry the car with 3 MICROFIBER towels ; while car dries , use your own WINDEX to clean all windows with 1 MICROFIBER towel ; once the car is dry use LIQUID WAX and apply with 1 MICROFIBER towel while drying with 2 MICROFIBER towels ; Use the QUICK DETAILER with 1 MICROFIBER towel to finish your dash , speakers , doors ; Use 1 MICROFIBER towel with your favorite LEATHER FEED to do all seats , apply with a small part of the towel -LRB- soft circular motion -RRB- and dry with the rest.This off course means 9 MICROFIBER towels . Do n't forget to wash and dry those towels now!Thats all folks ! Save rain , your hard work will be the talk of the town . : -RRB-
 This kit is great . It made my pearl white Subaru sparkle like never before . It takes awhile , but these well balanced products work well together and work as advertised.Just FYI - I received my first kit and the bottle of wax had exploded at the rim . I called amazon , and they sent me out another kit , and said that I could keep what I could salvage of that kit . What a great response ! Thanks Amazon ! This is why I stay loyal to you .
 I have used the Meguiar 's quik detailer and cleaner wax for years - both work well . I recently used some of the `` Hot Rims '' all wheel cleaner and it too worked well . Never have used the quik interior or soft wash , but I will now that I have the kit.If you price these FULL SIZE -LRB- not sample size -RRB- items individually you will what a value this set is at $ 20-22 . Throw in the sponge , wax applicator pad , and microfiber cloth you have a super deal .
 I have n't used this product yet , however I have used Meguiar 's car care before and I like it . The package came quickly . I was nervous about it leaking , based on other reviews , but I did n't have any trouble with that . Also , it was packed in it 's own separate box , so even if it did leak it would n't have damaged anything else in my shipment .
 This product is wonderful to use and well worth the money - Great deal ! I received the items promptly .
 My car needed a wash and wax/detailing for awhile now . This stuff does the trick . I was impressed with the over all quality of these products and how great they made my car look .
 I just had one problem with the delivery wherein one bottle -LRB- soft wash gel -RRB- leaked but this was replaced immediately . I 'm very pleased with the ease of use and results produced by the cleaner wax , quik detailer and quik interior detailer . The only thing to make this better is they add one or two micro fiber towels . Got this for $ 20 a few months ago .
 I bought this kit for my kids who washed cars in our neighborhood last Summer . All their customers were surprised how shiny their cars were getting as compared to the regular car wash . This stuff is easy to apply even for a child and the results are quite impressive .
 Was very impresseed with everything except that two of the four kits we ordered had leaks in at least one of the products . I just ordered 4 moure kits , hopefully they will come with out any leaks .
 This turned out to be a great gift for Christmas time ! I 'm sure that it would be better to give in the middle of the summer when people are actually washing their vehicles .
 everything you ned to keep your vehicle looking great and save a lot of time and effort
 Bought this as a gift for my son and he was very happy to receive it . The price was right and the product is excellant .
 MEGUIAR WASH AND WAX PRODUCTS ARE GREAT . THEY ARE EASY TO USE AND ARE NOT DANGEROUS ON THE CAR FINISH . THEY LEAVE A NICE AND SHINY LOOK TO YOUR VEHICLE . EASY TO RINSE OFF .
 This is everything you need to properly wash an wax your vehicle . Pick up a claybar too .
 Save a lot of money buying this kit , Great for fast detail on you 're car . I love it for sure . . Will get it again in the future .
 This combo had a lot of things I would normally buy and a few I have never tried . Merquairs products have always been known for their quality and this is no exception . I bought this for 19 $ and at that price this is really a steal .
 Not certain if this is the best VALUE , but it was certainly convenient . The interior touch up spray is wonderful . Highly recommend Maguires products .
 Product came delivered in secure packaging . Nothing was missing or leaking . So far I have used the wash , wax , and all wheel cleaner . The wash and wax are basic , but definitely effective . The all-wheel cleaner is OUTSTANDING and really made a noticeable improvement on my painted wheels . I 'd guesstimate about 10 wash/waxes out of the kit , but the wheel cleaner goes quick -LRB- perhaps only about 4-5 uses -RRB- . Have not used the detailers , but other reviewers have given praise there . Overall , for $ 25 , this is a solid kit for your daily driver . As an aside , you will need to purchase some extra microfiber towels .
 I put a Sharper Image Ionic Breeze Car Ionizer in my 2002 Honda Civic the day I bought it and when I traded it in ealier this year , the car still smelled new inside . I now have a new 2007 Honda Fit and just purchased a new Ionic Breeze to keep it smelling clean and fresh for the next five years . I clean the collection ring once a month and that 's all there is to keep it in perfect working order . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !
 I bought this product for the girlfriend , who happens to be be a smoker . Her car always smelled really bad , abviously . I purchased this to try and curb the smell and surprisingly , despite the small size of this product it works very well . Keeps the car smelling fresh even after being smoked in .
 I had smashed this taillight -LRB- driver 's side -RRB- once before and had it replaced during a routine maintenance of my Windstar . $ 220 , including labor . Went to the Ford Service Dept. to purchase this one -LRB- I can certainly unscrew and re-screw a few bolts , plus unplug the old lamp and replug the new lamp -RRB- . Ford wanted $ 185 plus tax for the same tail light I purchased from Amazon . Savings ? Over $ 150 . It works , it was easy to install and I saved a bundle of $ $ . That certainly works for me !
 Received the OEM taillight quickly.Really hard to believe that I could get the OEM taillight for $ 32 and free shipping.I would have replaced it years ago if I had known .
 This item was shipped fast 3 days it was a perfect fit . . This is a peace of cake to install looks great very sturdy and I would buy this item all over again if needed . . Im more then happy I 'm thrilled this product was so perfect and easy . .
 Best price we 've found on these , fast shipping . We have alot of trees out here and they seem to jump out and break our tail lights !! THanks for a great product at a great price ... fast shipping
 Its a tail light , product is compatible to OEM works turns red and white =O -RRB- . Great product would recommend to others .
 Within two days of purchase I received the TYC 11-3189-01 Ford Passenger Side Replacement Tail Light Assembly for my dad 's Ford F250 1999 model . I had accidentally backed into a tree trunk trying to get it out of a ditch this past winter . Took my dad about 20-30 minutes to instal and it looks like new . Fits perfect ! .
 Product came quickly and exactly what I wanted at a great price . Could n't have gotten it better at the Ford dealer
 I am very happy with this product , espically for the price . I would recommend it to anybody . Very good quality .
 a perfect fit . it looks just like an orignial part . was afraid there might be a slight difference in the look an color . There is no difference . no one will know unless they are told .
 Good cheap obviously made in China lol but it fits does the job and above all like I said earlier cheapIf u guys know any other cheap one write on reviews for other customers but so far cheapest one I found
 I was replacing the EGR valve in my '88 toyota pickup -LRB- 3vze engine -RRB- . The Toyota OEM part # was 25620-65010 , but that was superseded by 25620-65011 . They typically sell for $ 170 , but this AC Delco part # is supposed to be compatible -LRB- and looks the same in the pic -RRB- . I was pleasantly surprised to see a OEM labelled Toyota 25620-65011 arrive in the mail , inside the AC Delco 214-1278 box . Just what I wanted ... cheap and brand new and free shipping with Amazon Prime .2 days shipping . It arrived before I got the throttle body gasket in at the dealer parts desk locally !
 i ordered this boat wheel for my deck boat to up grade from the older style that came with the boat . i was very happy with the quality the price and the looks .
 I needed to add a trailer wiring harness to my truck for a volunteer job I accepted . After wasting close to $ 200 at the local Ford dealer , just to have them screw it up , I decided to take a shot at this . It could n't have been simpler and way cheaper then taking it in to the shop.If you have a Ford Ranger or Mazda with independent turn signals then this is what you need.M
 This kit was super easy to install . I replaced a regular 4 wire connector . This now makes the trailer brake lights work .
 Simple install and works pefectly . Could n't have been easier . Arrived in a timely manner . Would recommend to anyone . Almost plug and play .
 These ac delco durastop brakes are among the best you can get for a classic Chevelle.Do not buy AC delco ADVANTAGE brakes because they are cheap compared to these units .
 Easy to install - fit in like magic around the spare tire . Strong gauge steel - high quality item . Made in the USA ! Nick
 My 15 year old son could n't wait for me to get home so he did it by himself and he did a great job . He mechanically inclined so he felt good when it was done .
 The hitch bolted right up to the frame with no problems , and I learned how to remove my spare tire -LRB- Necessary to install the hitch -RRB- . Unless you have a lift to lift it during installation recommend you have a helper . The fit is snug , so if you have a bumper that has been pushed in it may not fit , but it looks good and I would buy it again .
 After breaking my tail light in a stupid accident , I went to Amazon and found just what I needed.Shipping was fast and the part fit perfectly.The total install time was 5 minutes .
 This tail light was purchased after I was backed into . It is a perfect replacement and fits just like an OEM .
 It fits the '96 Ford Ranger XL like a glove . All you need is a phillipshead screwdriver and done . Wish I had ordered both sides . For that price its the best you can get .
 After breaking the original tail light in a car accident , I planned to go to the junk yard for a cheap replacement . I decided to check Amazon the night before my junkyard trip and could n't believe how cheap it was brand new . It fits perfect and looks exactly like stock , plus it saved me a trip to the junk yard .
 There is n't much to say . It 's a quality replacement for the thrifty buyer . Do n't go to the dealership when you can just buy one of these .
 It fits . It looks exactly like the original equipment . It 's sturdy and solid plastic . It arrived in good time , properly packaged .
 This product is well made , it fits perfectly , it is indistinguishable from original equipment . This piece is a good buy !
 This is a great replacement lens . The price was much cheaper than from the dealer and it is OEM quality .
 i broke the tail light in my friends truck so i bought him this one . it bolted right in and looked good but there are subtle differences between this and the OEM light the tints are off slightly but its hard to notice without knowing its different .
 Good quality and looks great . Tail light shipped fast and arrived on time . Definitely recommend this . Great alternative to paying a lot more at the auto parts store or getting a grimy one from the junk yard .
 Fit my 96 ford ranger perfect . Looks just like the originalone that was on it . Great product overall and good packaging
 This kit actually fits 1993-2001 Jeep Cherokee XJ 's , not 93-98 as the description above may say . It 's a great basic replacement cat-back kit . It 's no Borla , but you 're not paying Borla prices either . The only parts that you may need that do not come with the kit are two metric 10mm 1.5 thread pitch bolts - and that is only if you have a 2000-2001 Cherokee . The exhaust sounds great , a little more bass to it , but no drone or rattles . Very easy install , removing the old rusty exhaust is always the hardest part.One other helpful note - if you have to replace any of the exhaust hangers on your Cherokee due to rust -LRB- the rear one in particular -RRB- , they can be hard to find outside of a Jeep dealer . NAPA tends to carry them however .
 Thanks to the good folks at Dynomax , this fit my '01 XJ with the flanged cat , since they include an adapter piece to make the system bolt on just like the OEM . Just head to the hardware store and pick up 2 10mm x 1.5 nuts and lockwashers , since that 's the only bit of hardware not included . Removing the rusty OEM system was the biggest pain , but nothing that a Sawzall and 15 minutes could n't take care of . :-RRB- I 'm a pretty good driveway mechanic , and this was , by far , the easiest cat-back I 've had to install . I had the new Dynomax system completely lined up and clamped down in under an hour . The sound is pretty comparable to the original , which is a good thing because I 'm not a fan of noise or drone in my daily driver . The stainless exhaust tip is a nice touch as well !
 Just what I wanted . A replacement for the original exhaust -LRB- that was rusted out -RRB- that sounded just alittle louder . This exhaust sounds perfect without being excessive . The bolt-on system was pretty straight forward but I did replace my catalytic converter as well .
 Ordered this kit on 3/11/2010 from Amazon with free shipping and received it the next day -- could n't ask for better service . Plus , Dynomax has a mail-in rebate on this unit that knocks $ 75 off the price.To give you an idea of the quality of these components , I installed this exact muffler and tailpipe on my Jeep Cherokee approximately 5 years/25k miles ago . About 6 months ago I started to hear the telltale sounds of a worn out muffler , plus the stainless tip on the tailpipe fell off as I was driving down the road . Eventually the connection between the tailpipe and muffler was completely rusted out and I had to replace it . I chose the Dymomax 17340 again due to its low cost , and it only took me a few hours to install . In the unlikely event that I still own this vehicle 5 years from now , I 'll do it again !
 I purchased this kit to replace the stock exhaust on my 1998 XJ.Amazon had the best price I could find so I went ahead and ordered it along with a Magnaflow Cat.Shipping was amazing , had it at my door in two days.Installation was more or less painless . The hardest part was taking the old exhaust system off . For this I would suggest using a recip-saw or an angle grinder with a cutoff wheel . In this case I used a recip-saw . Mounting it was easy , just a matter of attaching the clamps and tightening them down . If you have one , I would suggest using an impact driver to do this . It would cut the time needed to install this considerably.The exhaust sounds great at idle and really opens up when you give it some gas . All in all a great product , we 'll see how well it holds up to the Ohio winters though . I 'll update if anything changes . * Bottom Line * Awesome kit , easy install , use a recip saw and impact driver if you have one .
 Ordered this from Amazon directly , and it arrived via UPS in good shape in a full box . . I really thought it would come just wired together and a bit beat up as I 've seen other exhaust parts in the past from other suppliers.Even the muffler inside the main box was in it 's own retail box along with hangers and clamps.Nice heavy pipe , muffler and clamps.Parts fit together perfectly and construction is very good . Nice touch for them to weld on a stainless steel straight tip , adds a lot to the finished install.The sound is pretty much like stock and there is no worry about being too loud inside or out . Nice mellow power sound ... XJ runs better as the seat of your pants will tell you.Very happy with this purchase both for price and product.UPDATE 06/2012Muffler 's rolled edges on ends now rusted through and leaking ... seam in pipe leaking at bend after muffler also . 3 years since new . Good life span for the price ? Seems a bit short to me , should be better in states that do n't use salt in the winter months perhaps . . Replaced muffler and rear tail pipe as both were pretty well rusted out when I removed them ... with current pricing you might want to do as I did and consider the same quality parts but not purchase as a `` system `` Thrush 17717 Turbo MufflerWalker Exhaust 55188 Tail PipeAdd a couple of 2 1/4 '' muffler clamps and it ends up cheaper and still with free shipping if ordered direct from Amazon . I doubt the replacements will last any longer than the Dynomax system but at least better value for same time in service . Want it to last much longer and do n't mind spending three times the price ... buy stainless steel muffler and pipe .
 I purchased this cat back system two years ago when my original exhaust was showing sign of failure . I wanted a stainless steel cat back but the high price for an old vehicle did n't make sense to me . Since the original exhaust was n't leaking I put off the installation but I finally decided to take the plunge this past weekend.Removal of the original exhaust was the hardest part but a sawzall and a Dremel with a cut off wheel helped . The system fit my 1999 Cherokee like a glove and I too did n't need the flange adapter that comes with the kit . Leave the clamps loose until you align everything and then tighten them down from the cat back . For extra piece of mind I pinned the muffler-to-cat and tail pipe-to-muffler connections with a stainless screw to keep things from turning or sliding off . My biggest concern is having to replace the exhaust every two years due to rust but a previous poster made it five years which sounds good to me.The exhaust has a nice ` deep ' tone to it without it being loud or obnoxious and it does n't drone at all . The whole system comes in one large box . The muffler is in a separate box in the box and all of the clamps , a hanger/clamp , and a flange adapter are included . The tailpipe has a hanger welded on near the muffler and a chrome tip which is n't show quality but more than I expected . Be careful around the chrome tip though . the outer edge was roughly ground and rather sharp to the touch . I took care of that with my Dremel.I am pleased with the quality for the price and it fit exactly like the original OEM exhaust with no modifications .
 As advertised . Took a half hr . to install . Nothing to it . My local car repair shops wanted $ 250 for it in addition $ 180 - $ 250 in labor . Omg . I saved $ 300 doing the job myself and not paying the markup . Works well am I do not regret it .
 great product , easy install.Not loud at all just a nice rummble.I think the performance of the truck improved too.Dont know how long this muffler will last , but for the money you cant beat it.Over all very happy with the product .
 it fit good . took only about 30 mins to put on . little quiter than i wanted , -LRB- but for the price ca n't beat it -RRB- . it is getting a littler louder everyday i drive it , starting to burn some of the glass packing out .
 The muffler and tailpipe came well packaged and included all of the necessary hardware to make installation a breeze . If you are a Jeep XJ owner in need of an exhaust upgrade , this is the one for you .
 A perfect fit right out of the box . Do n't panic if the box has the wrong year coverage for your vehicle printed on it . Dynomax has included a couple of extra parts that you may or may not need . One is a clamp with a hanger welded to it and the other is an adapter flange that would bolt to the catalytic converter . My 2000 Cherokee did n't need either of them.If you are doing this yourself beg , buy , borrow , steal or rent a sawzall to make things a whole lot easier . I just made a cut as close to the front of the old muffler as possible -LRB- right up against it -RRB- and removed the old exhaust in two peices . The remainder of the muffler pipe can be removed from the cat and the new Dynomax system just slips easily in to place .
 This has been a good exhaust . It is slightly louder than stock , but not annoyingly so . Easy to put on .
 My muffler on my 2000 Cherokee was starting to leak . This kit is the lowest cost one I could find . It took ~ 1.5 hours to remove to old one and ~ 10 minutes to install the new one . Did not need the flange piece . Sounds ~ the same as the OEM . Wonder if I can get 9 + years out of it like the OEM . -LRB- The rest of the Jeep may rust out long before -RRB-
 I replaced the exhaust on my Jeep Cherokee with this one . I was very pleased with the quality of the kit . Everything I needed was included and the tailpipe even has a polished tip on it -LRB- which most aftermarket systems seems to lack -RRB- . Apparently my Jeep had an aftermarket catalytic converter on it so I could n't use the adapter they supplied with the kit . However , a quick trip to the local auto store for an appropriately sized reducer made the install go smoothly.It was the cheapest system I found ; sounds great , looks good , and I have no complaints .
 This is by far a well made system . Came with all the attachments needed to install , even the flange to bolt to the catalytic converter , though it was not needed . There is lots of room under the Cherokee so the installation was easy . It took longer to cut out the old exhaust than to install the new.It sounds great & looks fine . But hey its still just a Cherokee
 Came with everything needed to put on the exhaust . I recommend an impact driver to tighten the clamps , cuts the time in half . After removal of the old system it took about five minutes to install .
 Nice exhaust System especially for the price , but my stupid son decided he did n't like it after about a year and ripped it out and put up a cherry bomb held up by a coat hanger . He said it was rattling on the rear , but his jeep has a tank skid guard that affects the fit . He also said that one of the mounts rusted off , but he has taken his Cherokee four wheeling a lot and I think the hard bouncing and bumps may affect the durability on the tailpipe .
 For the price it definitely is better than a rusted , hole filled , bad performing stock exhaust . Very easy to install/disassemble old exhaust . I wish I bought the 02 sensor , cat. , and front pipe/headers and did it all at once . It still will be easy to do in the future . My old exhaust farted , leaked and did not let my 99 jeep cherokee run to its fullest . Immediately I had a difference with everything . Came with everything you need . Very satisfied and will recommend to others . It is not loud , sounds stock with a little extra tone .
 Was looking for an exhaust system that would n't shrink my wallet and also give me a performance level to match my Cherokee . The Dynomax Exhaust System did just that . Great Price point and easy to install made it a super value with a plus of performance . The only thing i would recommend to the manufacture of the pipe is to take the sharp edge off the chrome pipe tip so the end user wo n't get cut . Other than that its a super deal !!!!
 Geart system !!! , this is my second one on my JeepVery easey install , just cut the old one off with sawzall.Comes with everything you need except the metric bolts.Just go down to the local hardware and get stainless.Love the stainless tip , polish it up with a little rubbing compound and looks great.Good deep sound and just loud enough for me.Thanks , RR
 Showed up and in fine condition , easy to install , comes with extra stuff if needed or not . Sounds fine , mild tone compared to stock . Very happy with it .
 Removed old system and got this one installed in about 2 hours total . Fit 's like the original . Did not come w / the 2 nuts to bolt to catalytic , -LRB- Metric -RRB- , but other than that great system for price . The stainless exhaust tip looks good , the ` throaty ' exhaust tone sounds way cooler than factory ! Seems to have better throttle-response , but might be my imagination . The design and construction are great . I highly recommend this system .
 I wish this was just a BIT louder . The only time you know you have any type of aftermarket exhaust is when you first start it up . Otherwise it sounds stock to me . The installation was very easy and they put the slip clamps in the right place . They also do not leak ! I 'm generally skeptical of the clamps as they can still leak but these worked well.The stainless tip is a bit cheap IMHO . This unit costs about 35 $ more than the regular steel one just b/c of the tip . But it 's not a $ 35 tip , more like a $ 15 tip . If i had to do it again i 'd go for the unit with out the stainless tip and weld on my own double rolled tip of choice.The piping is n't completely mandrel bend but it 's darn close so for the performance minded person it 's pretty neat .
 My original muffler developed a rust hole and my car needed to be inspected so I looked for the cheapest replacement cat-back exhaust I could find . After looking at OEM replacements , stainless steel aftermarkets , and others I found this listing . This exhaust is by far the cheapest I could find and Amazon had the best deal . The exhaust is everything I could have asked for , for the money . Install was very easy and it came with everything -LRB- and more -RRB- to do the job . It fits very well and it sounds the slightest bit louder than stock . I would definitely recommend this exhaust if you are looking for a cheap replacement .
 I used this on my '96 Jeep cherokee . Worked great and had no issue with installation . I also bought the O2 sensor -LRB- Bosch 13138 -RRB- and new catalytic converter -LRB- Magnaflow 23226 -RRB- I bought on Amazon at the same time . Great products . Sounds great ! You ca n't beat the price anywhere for all of these components combined .
 I 'm no expert on tuning or installation , but I was in much need of getting more fuel to my engine . It was running extremely hot after installing an exhaust and air filter.Relatively easy to install , bit of a tight fit . In fact the installation mount had to be improvised as it was n't the same as indicated in the manual for 2008 FXDF.In any case , easy fit in , install the software on a laptop . restart laptop after installation -LRB- OTHERWISE WO N'T DETECT THE Power Commander -RRB- , load the map you want and run it .
 Very heavy , fits well , a little difficult to install alone , make sure to order a ball hitch with it . I 've hauled trailers loaded with 7,000 lbs . with this receiver . Good deal .
 Nice product , looks great , instructions did n't have wiring schematics for my vehicle -LRB- 06 dodge megacab -RRB- which is kinda bad since it 's over 2 years old.Also bushings and plates had to be modified in order to work with the electrical as no passage was made for it and the bushing would have crushed it otherwise.So in short , nice product however PUTCO needs to update the instructions and bushings , so four stars. : -RRB-
 Every Smoker should have at least one of these . New cars do n't come with ash trays anymore but they seem to have plenty of cupholders . It slip easily into any cupholder , front , back , or way in the back -LRB- for mini vans -RRB- where smokers get ban to with an open window . The closing lid helps to extinguish anything not completely put out . The lid prevents spills or messes -LRB- when lid is closed -RRB- if knocked over . The unit is easy removed to move to another location plus ease of properly disposing of contents . It can be used as a `` stand-alone '' unit so you do n't have to look for a place to flick your ash or put out butts . High quality materials used in its costruction and has a nice appearance .
 For all you smokers out there get yourself one of these for your car . It 's really durable and made really well . It does a good job of keeping all the butts in there even when knocked over . It keeps your car from being littered with butts , and saves the ashtray area from getting all nasty and ashy where you would normally throw your butts . Unless your one of those who flick your butts out the window , in which getting one of these will help you stop littering !
 Great product - fits nicely in cupholder and is a convenient product for the auto . I would recommend this product for smokers who do n't have ashtrays in the car or who just do n't want to use their clean new ashtray , like me .
 This mobile ash tray is constructed well . May last longer then the auto I put it in . Ash tray is heavy enough to stay put with my aggressive vehicle turning habits . I am very happy with this item
 I needed to replace the muffler on my '05 Chevy Silverado 4.3 l V6 . I took a chance on this system even though Flowmaster could n't verify it would fit . Well , it fit perfectly and was easy to install . I could not be happier with the sound and performance of this system . It has a nice deep idle and builds nice volume as the RPMs increase . There is no annoying resonating inside the cab , just a great exhaust note from the tail pipe . There is definately a noticable increase in acceleration and power . The low price from Amazon and the free fast shipping , make this item a great buy !
 Did n't know what to expect after install . Had it professionally installed at a very reasonable price . The exhaust sounds very nice . Even the mechanic commented on the tone . 04 ' Chevy Silverado , V-6 , 5 speed manual tran .
 I bought this product because I have had past experience with the visor that I bought for my Honda Civic . This one rolls up fairly tightly when you 're not using it and is easy enough to roll out and deploy in the window . The fit is correct around the window & corners . I bought this more for the UV protection that it will provide my dashboard more than heating up the inside of the vehicle , although it does that well too . I would recommend this visor to someone with a truck .
 I 'm a big car buff and I have tried probably 1,000,000 different air fresheners before . Dubz Lemon and Strawberry smell so good ! How did they make it ?
 very good product manufactured under the standards of the manufacturer adjusting to the characteristics of the vehicle and providing an original
 I got this for my dad 's old truck , he cracked his old one on a sharp turn with his trailer . This replacement fit perfectly , and he had no problem replacing the old one with this one . Fit perfectly and looks almost identical to the one before . The price when I bought it on here was unbeatable .
 They are a perfect match to the front Sponge Bob mats . They are a nice size for the rear mats . They are perfect they have a great image with Spongebob on the rear mats . These are great . My children and my family loves them .
 I ordered this tensioner to fix a whining noise coming from the belt area . The quality appears to be the same as the original . Installation was easy and it works great .
 I purchased this tensioner for my 2002 Honda CRV . The original tensioner had a rattle that developed in it . It was a pit of a pain to install even though it has only 3 bolts which hold it on , Hondas are just very crowded under the hood . Overall I highly recommend this Gates tensioner . It is very good quality and fixed my issue .
 Very satisfied with my purchase . For a good quality part at a decent price , I would suggest looking into the Gates belt tensioner . The pulley was wider than the one of the Bando , which was originally at the car . Made the car quieter and more responsive .
 Used Fast Orange for years and have n't found anything better . The light pumice and lanolin cleans just about anything on your hands without burning all the little nicks and scratches . Just about the only place it does n't clean is under the nails and a little knuckle brush takes care of that . Works for latex paint but struggles a little with primer like Kilz . The trick for this is to coat your hands first and then wipe off before painting . Even primer cleans after wards . Nice orange smell . Dinged it 1 star because the pump sometimes gives up before all the cleaner is gone . Needs to be cleaned once in a while but always forget . A gallon lasts a long time and highly recommended .
 Fast Orange , at the best price , buy 2 and get free shipping , a great deal . Need I say more ?
 We use Permatex orange hand cleaner in our printing studio at the University of Nevada , Reno where I teach book arts . We do a lot of letterpress printing , which means that everyone gets printing ink on their hands . The Permatex is like magic , removing the ink and giving the students and I clean hands . Highly recommended .
 It works great - easily sheeting off water from flat surfaces . I ALWAYS use this prior to hand-drying my car , because it makes it 5x quicker with most of the water gone from the water blade . I definitely recommend it !
 The blade does a wonderful job of wiping off most if not all of the water . Especially on horizontal flat surfaces like the hood , trunk , and roof.Just one word of caution - make sure the blade is clean before using . I just wipe it with thumb and index finger before I use it .
 This is a wonderful , time-savig product . Usually it takes me about 20-30 minutues to dry my car thoroughly using a towel or shammy cloth . This car duster cut the time in half ! If I ever have to purchase another one , I will not hesitate to do so . The only negative thing I have to say is about the stiff corner edges . This makes it hard to get around the rounded edges on the hood and door panels . Other than that , this product is great .
 I looked to find one of these that was like the one I 've had for the last 7 years . This was it . I use it in my showers , not on my car !
 This is the perfect water blade . I have the original style and love it to death . This is the 2nd gen style from the original designer of the water blade . If used right , you ca n't go wrong . Sharp curves are not ideal for this , but I can dry my cars with this blade and 1 towel . It would normally take about 3-4 towels to clean before . When I do all 7 of my cars , it saves loads of laundry , and a ton of time . If you can find this brand , buy it up . I tried the competition and wished I had not .
 Totaly perfect item , i love my new water blade for drying my car in winter
 If you like to wash your car , this is a must have item . Works really good and save alot of time .
 I have not had the Pro One for very long but it has already done a fine job jump starting my plow truck at least once . The small 400 crank amp unit I had before was way too wimpy to do the job but his unit does not hesitate . So far so real good .
 This is an OEM product for certain brands of automobiles and works as should . The tensioner assembly is made in Canada which is a nice surprise .
 Recib&iacute; el pedido a tiempo , confiable , en buen estado , estoy satisfecho , aunque todav&iacute;a no lo he instalado , recomiendo a este vendedor .
 I have never , ever , ever in the history of owning my Prius found a sunshade that did n't fit like crap . My hat is off to these guys . It fit like a glove .
 Purchased a new set of tail lights for my '98 Explorer because the old ones were cracked.The new ones are an exact fit and are easy to install .
 I hate going to the car parts stores and junk yards . My husband 's tail light was cracked and I wanted to fix it before he returned from Afghanistan . It was really easy to order and got here the next day ! So happy
 Arrived without any problem . Installed without any problem . It allowed us to correct a simple problem all by ourselves : - -RRB-
 This item fits perfectly and is an exact match . I would not hesitate to recommend it . 5 stars for quality and fast shipping .
 This came well packed , and is a perfect replacement for my 1999 Ford Explorer . Fits and looks exactly like the original !
 This is the perfect little air pump for the suspension on my touring motorcycle . Stores neatly in the trunk and pressurizes the suspension system easily and quickly . Great price compared to the dealership , works great !
 No problems with this product because I read and followed the directions . Contrary to the previous customer review this was a cinch to install on my 1998 Ford Contour . I am thinking of ordering a second one for the back so that I can have a pseudo rallye look to my car once I get my windows tinted .
 original item listed to fit my truck was n't close . after contacting CURT mfg. we were able to determine the exact fit for my model , and exchanged . Now its all good .
 I needed to buy a reciever for my truck asap and kinda dropped the ball . I figured if I ordered through Amazon that I would recieve my item a little quicker than if I ordered it direct from the company . I payed for my order three days ago and the item was on my door step yesterday !!! I called a friend up and told him I may need some help putting it on . To our amazement it went on in less than a half hour -LRB- it took more time buying some loktite to apply to the bolts-I recommend this to make sure the bolts do n't `` loosen '' up with use -RRB- . Great Product ! High Quality ! Easy to put on ! Fast Fast Fast Shipping !! Thankyou Curt and Thankyou Amazon!Curt Manufacturing 13038 Class III Receiver
 Replacement blower motor and fan is a perfect fit for my 1998 Dodge Intrepid . -LRB- The 14 year-old blower assembly needed to be replaced because it was worn out , drawing too much current causing the blower motor resistor to blow again . -RRB- Not much experience with the product , looks exactly like the old one I pulled out . -LRB- When installing it , I did run a test of it before installing the cover , to save myself some work if there was a problem . -RRB- The new motor is working perfectly so far .
 It might take a week to ten days to get this but well worth the wait . Very good sunshade and durable as well !
 It 's perfect . Purchased one that was supposed to be for a Prius but it did n't fit the way this one does . I 'm so pleased I 'm going to purchase the one that goes on the back now . Thanks .
 I am so glad we got this for our Prius . The 20-30 degree temperature difference is amazing . I will certainly take the cooler temperature over the fuss of folding up the screen any day .
 Fits perfectly , really keeps heat down in the car while in the sun . Excellent product . Effective for its cost , and definitely worth it for Prius users in hotter cities .
 After searching the auto parts section in every store I could find I finally did what I should have done in the first place and shopped the web . Finding a sun shade for the Prius , a car with a front windshield as big as city bus , is not easy , but this one ` fits the bill ' . It is the first sun shade I 've ever had that fits the window EXACTLY . Not only that , but it 's sturdy and has a dependable Velcro closure device . If I had to say anything bad , it would be that it 's big -LRB- it has to be to cover the window -RRB- so it can be a pain to store when not in use . That 's not a criticism of the shade , just a side effect of the Prius ' big window . From now on , I 'll buy all my sunshades from this company ... worth every penny .
 You will NOT find a sunshade that fits the Prius unless you get one specifically designed for it -LRB- speaking from the experience of visiting four auto parts stores -RRB- . IF you take the time to make this one really fit the window -LRB- plan on about three or four minutes getting it into place , positioning the visors , etc -RRB- to get it in place and then another two to three removing it , readjusting the rear view mirror , it works . The temperature inside the car is considerably lower -LRB- have not measured -RRB- -- but with this sunshield in place , I can get into the car immediately on really hot days . Without it , I have to open all the windows to let the hot air out first so I think it probably delivers what it promises . If however , you can easily park in the shade or are just going to the grocery store and back , it is NOT worth the effort and it does have to fit precisely as they describe for it to work .
 This product fits perfectly and I was really glad to find it after having purchased several generic sunshade that did not fit the very large Prius windshield .
 This is an excellent product . It fully covers the inside of the Prius windshield and fits very precisely . A little cumbersome to roll up but well worth the hassle as it fits so well .
 I debated about whether to give this sunshade five or four stars , but since it performs the job it is supposed to do very well , I opted for five stars . It fits the window of my 2008 Prius perfectly with full coverage of the windshield and installs in about 10 seconds -LRB- there 's one review that says it takes 3-4 minutes to install , I 'm not sure what they 're doing during that time but believe me , it should n't take nearly that long -RRB- . It takes a little longer to remove it since you have to roll it fairly tightly for the strap to fit , I wish the strap were about one to two inches longer to make it quicker and easier to stow . The only other negative thing is that , as others have said , it is quite bulky , but it stores nicely behind the front seats if you do n't have rear passengers . All in all , it does a great job of keeping the interior of the car cooler and I recommend it to Prius owners.UPDATE May 2012
 I was a little disappointed in the overall size , but after all the Prius does have a big windshield . It takes up some room to store.It does n't fit perfectly , but pretty darn close . The main thing is that it works . And with the heat this past summer I could n't have lived without it .
 I tried the folding type shade and found it cumbersome and less effective than the Heatshield . The Heatshield stores more easily , is put in place in just a few seconds and very effectively shuts out the sun . On the occasion I forget to use it , the top of the dash stores and radiates heat for quite a while . I 'm purchasing a second one as a gift for a friend who 's buying a Prius .
 This item is great but it does n't have any cut-out to account for my GPS so I have to take the GPS down in order to use this . Otherwise , it 's great and does a great job of cooling the car .
 As you 'll know if you 're already driving a Prius , it has a very large windshield . This is great for visibility , but the `` old and shiny '' sunshade that I had in my previous car did n't work well , because it was too small . Got this one and it works great . Does a nice job cooling things down a lot , which is really nice on the hot and humid days we 've been having lately.Since getting this , I 've talked to a lot of other Prius owners that have have luck with `` truck '' shades , which are larger and will cover the oversized windshield . That is also another option , if you 're looking to save money . This one is custom made though , so it fits perfectly and looks great . I would recommend it if that is important to you .
 This sunshade is a perfect fit for our Rav4 , the price was good and we received it quickly . Highly recommended .
 Length :
 It gets a four star rating because it is fragile , just like it 's counterpart , do n't drop it ! Another draw back of this one is the umbilical cord is short , you have to walk to the back of the trailer to see if the lights are working . Two other shops I worked in had these testers until someone dropped them , do n't loan it out .
 I purchased this hitch for use so I could pull a small 4 ` x4 ' trailer around in my car . Use it to pick up and move small things that do n't require me to hop in the truck , that seems to drink a gallon of gas everytime I turn the ignition on . I was able to install this hitch myself , with a little help from a buddy to help hold it in place . Installation took less than a hour and was fairly easy to accomplish . The hitch is custom made to fit the car application it is intended for . My only complaint is when the hitch is inserted into the receiver it rests right up against the bumper and leaves no space . This can possible cause some scratches on the bumper but so far I ` vee been lucky not to get any .
 L.O.V.E. . THE SOUND ! IM GOING TO RIGHT IN BOLD BECUASE EVERTHING ABOUT THIS PRODUCT IS BOLD ! I RUN DIFFERENT SERIES FLOWMASTER 'S ON MY CARS AND OUT OF ALL OF THEM I LOVE THIS ONE THE MOST ! I GET COMPLIMENTS ON THE SOUND OF MY 06 ' M6 GTO EVERWHERE I GO ! : WARNING DO N'T PURCHASE THIS MUFFLER IF YOU DO N'T LIKE ATTENTION : . THE 40 SERIES MUFFLERS HAVE A GREAT SOUND BUT JUST NOT ENOUGH SOUND FOR ME SO I DECIDED TO GIVE THESE A TRY AND I NEVER REGRETED BUYING THEM-YES THE ARE A `` WING-PLATE '' OR `` CHAMBERED MUFFLER '' SO YOU WILL GET HIGHWAY DRONE GOING DOWN THE ROAD ... AT ANY RPM ! BUT JUST CRACK THE THROTTLE , DOWN SHIFT AND ENJOY THE SWEET , SWEET MELODY ONLY A SET OF FLOWS CAN MAKE !
 Put on a 2006 F-150 and sounds great gave me exactly what I wanted with sound plus maybe a little horsepower gain .
 This item makes a near perfect fit , never again struggle with dumb suction cups or coming back to your car and seeing the shades folded on to its self from the heat , defiantly worth the price .
 Just recently received this item and I am overly pleased . Works great , got in my car today and it was actually cool . It 's simple to roll up and just throw in the backseat and fits perfectly in the windshield . It 's also very stirdy .
 This product is a perfect fit . Really stiff at first , but it does break in . I 'm planning on buying another one .
 Perfect fit and great quality for my 2006 Scion tC . It does the job & keeps the sunlight off of my face while I 'm driving .
 Perfect fit and easy to put in place ! Keeps car much cooler . Hard to fold up when not in use , but I would still recommend the product .
 this is a great product , It is easy to install and remove . it fits the windshield perfectly and provides a perfect block of sunlight into the windshield . Highly reccommended .
 This jacket is great . I kind of regret getting the white one because it will get dirty faster than the black or blue , but the jacket is very good . I am a Florida driver and when you take the inside liner out and open the vents you can stay fairly cool knowing that you have titanium and top quality elbow pads as protection . The inside liner can keep you very warm , but do n't be mistaken , this is n't a winter jacket . Great buy . The white is really nice , I am just worried about going through a patch of bugs . So far it has been a month and is perfectly clean , but I will see later when the bugs come out . The look is a little ... hmmm ... muscular ? if that makes sense . Sometimes I feel like I am wearing a fake muscle suit , but if that doesnt bother you , I would strongly recommend the jacket .
 great product at a great price . very easy to install . Took maybe 1 hour at the most . The lights are great and very easy to hook up . I have not seen another truck with this type of lighted rail . Gets many second looks , especially at night . My instructions were missing a wiring diagram . Need to go to the Putco web site and enter the product number to get the wiring diagram that works with your truck.Yendlo
 it is and does exactly what it says . End cap refillable -LRB- vice in the more difficult center section -RRB- It replaced my seized U-joint and makes the truck run like new !
 This motor runs $ 249.00 retail . I paid $ 39.00 plus freight . Not sure why this was so cheap . I am waiting for it to crap out . But we will see .
 I bought this to replace my blower motor in a 2000 Jeep wrangler . It has been working great but has started to squeak the other day when you first turn it on . So I am not sure how much longer it will last . But for the price it is what you get . Got me through last summer . We shall see how it does this year .
 It came packaged well and on time.When replacing the OEM blower the plug was pita to get off . The new blower plug location was a bit larger also -LRB- this was mentioned in a previous review -RRB- . This plug has to be waterproofed , you will see why when you install yours.A little bit of silicon around the OEM rubber boot solved this issue.When I started the blower up initially it made a slight rubbing noise.Mind you I could have bumped it a tad installing it.Anyways it seems to have quieted itself down after a few miles and is working fine now.The original lasted 286,000 km on my Jeep TJ and started to squeak.This one has a lifetime warranty and we 'll see how long it lasts.I also replaced the resistor under the blower and that was ready to go also .
 I bought this because I had melted two new fan speed switches about 6 months apart on my 1999 Wrangler Sport . If this is your problem save yourself some money and buy the fan switch from AutoZone , it 's a lifetime warranty item . Then get this motor from Amazon it has a limited liftime waranty -LRB- original purchaser -RRB- Amazon will have a record of your purchase if you should ever need it . My investigated research pointed toward the blower motor as a high cause factor when encountering melted switches . The resistor checked out ok and since I have 110K on the original motor - wear or drag could have been the culprit . I will update this down the road since it 's only been a few weeks since I installed it . Pete wrote a great review on the installation issues he encountered and all I can add is DITO . Mine was exactly the sameway . Now the best part of this whole thing is the PRICE paid for the blower motor , absolutely outstanding Amazon !
 Bought this to replace the blower in my 2000 Jeep TJ - reasonable price and vendor ships to Canada.When I installed it I found that the hole for the connector is slightly larger than on the original so the weather seal on the factory harness does n't make a good seal with the new blower . A little RTV and it is okay.I also found this blower sat slightly deeper than the original , just enough that the blower cage would rub on the inside housing . Three thin -LRB- .030 &#34; -RRB- nylon washers added as spacers on the mounting screw tabs took care of this.Seems to work okay -LRB- at full speed anyway - new resistor module has n't arrived yet so I ca n't comment on this blower at lower speed settings . -RRB-
 Since I did n't use this item I have no idea as to the quality . Though I will say that unless you can do AC work you will have to have it installed by a professional who can . The price was right
 This is some cheap chinese brand , but on a jeep with 200,000 miles , I doubt the replacement is going to have to last 200,000 again . $ 110 for the local store version is just a ripoff . Likely chinese anyway .
 Perfect replacement to my worn out and dead blower assembly . Fairly simple to install in my 1999 Jeep Cherokee Classic once you figure out the best angle to get the old one out . There are only three 8mm screws and one wire harness to remove and re-attach . Save money and do it yourself .
 i checked all over the web for a new blower motor not a used one for the obvious reasons . this fit the budget and the needs.it would have been nice to get with a new pig tail connector but i worked that out . great price and so far a great product from amazon.by the way with a new pig tail connector this unit will work on a 97 wrangler .
 I got this AC heater motor for $ 44 . It was a steal ! The product works great and I wish Amazon had all my car needs because I would save a fortune : -RRB-
 The brake was delivered as expected and worked out well . The install was relatively easy if you have any mechanical knowledge or experience . I would recommend this to anyone who needs to eliminate the ` roll back ' when lifting heavy items or winching up inclines .
 Was not hard to install and it stopped my 2000 lb wench from playing out when under load .
 I was surprised to note that this product was on the best seller list and yet there was not one review for it on Amazon.com . I picked it up and like it a lot . It does a great job - the handle is ergonomic and the fibres are resilient enough to not collapse when force is applied . This beats using a sponge or a cloth as the fibres easily adapt to different shapes in the wheels . For less than a couple of bucks that I paid for it , how wrong can you go by purchasing one ? I recommed purchasing two - one for the wheel and the other for the grill . I read on other sites that while the brush itself does not create scratches , it may collect dirt from a prior cleaning effort and this dirt may be abrasive to the car body .
 I 've had my shade for about a month now . I bought it because the way I have to park my car at home it gets direct sun through the windshield from early afternoon till sunset . Besides , the fact that the car gets really hot , all that direct sun will fade my interior and dry out the vinyl.This one costs about twice what I 'd have paid at Wal-Mart or PEPBOYS . But , this one was advertised as being cut to fit the windshield of my specific car , so I elected to get this one.I 've bought the generic `` One size fits most windshields between xxx inches by xxx inches '' carried at the lower end stores and I was very unhappy with the fit . Either they are so large that when you try to put them in you have to fold the edges - or , they are too small and you have to use the visors to keep them from falling on the floor - or , they unfold into two circles that you have to cram into a rectangular windshield , resulting in huge gaps all over the place that let in a lot of sunlight and make the car hot despite their use.This one WAS cut the specific size for my vehicle -LRB- a 2006 Scion XB -RRB- . It slipped right in place and stays tight in place without my having to pull the sun visors down to keep it from falling down . And , I do n't have to kink it to make it small enough to fit.Also , and I realize this wo n't apply to a lot of you , I do a lot of out door photography , The inside of the shade seems to be a great hue to use as an outdoor light reflector when trying to balance the light in outdoor shots . I plan to use it when it gets a little warmer here and I shoot outside . I consider this a hidden extra.It also seems to be very well made and I think it will last a long time.All in all , I 'm very pleased and think it was worth the few extra $ 's . I also uploaded a few pictures of it `` in action . ''
 I have had this shade for two summers now and really like it . It is big and if you consistantly carry more than two people in the car , it is not easy to fold up quickly . I like that it fits the entire windshield and stays in place easily .
 Bought this for my 91 Nissan I do n't think it 's worth what I paid for ... took a lot to keep it from moving around . Looks good and fit great but the staying down part took some time and patience .
 First off , this kit is only for automatic trans . cars . If you have a 92-95 SHO stick-shift , look at part # 17400 . This kit replaces everything from the factory flex pipe back . Fit is good , although my left side muffler/tailpipe hangs a little lower than the right . Exhaust note is deep , and a little louder than stock mufflers but at regular cruising speed almost unnoticeable . So if your factory mufflers are completely rotted -LRB- like mine were -RRB- this is a good system for daily driven cars . Also if you 're considering getting just the dynomax mufflers , note that they are the same ones from this kit and may not hook up to the stock pipes without adapters . Factory pipe is 1 3/4 inch , Dynomax is 2 1/4 inch .
 This heat shield is the best I have ever owned . It is custom fit for my Scion xA . There is not a lot of `` overlap '' and it fits perfectly . My car is kept cool all day long from the New Mexico sun . When I get in , I do n't even need my A/C . If you have a Scion xA , you need this heat shield .
 The sunshade fits perfectly and does not fall out of place like some I 've seen . I bought this for my daughter 's 2005 Scion xA , and here in South Florida a sunshade is a good investment for a car . We are both happy with the product .
 It has pretty good info . for the do it yourselfer . I saw that everyone suggested this book and so do I.
 Great product , arrived quickly and works properly . Thre was a slight fit difference from the original , a quick filing of plastice made the fit no problem . I do n't think the fit was sellers issue , may have been issue of the replacement distributor from the past .
 I looked everywhere on and offline for a dash cover or mat or carpet for my Moms car . Dash mat is a product I have used and purchased in the past . I was happy with the Dash Mat I purchased this time as far as quality of the product . I was disappointed that everywhere I turned I could not get a color picture of the actual color of the Dash Mat I get that maybe there were only a couple of colors and I think a couple might look good either way . None the less because I was n't shown a full bill of goods so to speak I have to deduct 1 star for not giving all the info . The product Dash Mat is an awesome product otherwise as it cools your dash off and keeps even dust fom being a big problem but the biggie is the lowering of solar radiation through the windshield . As a resident of Arizona I can appreciate even a few degrees lowered temp on a110 degree day .
 Used with a Porter Cable buffer/vibrator , this yellow cutting pad along with a `` cleaner '' will take out buff marks and swirls . Finish off with a `` white pad '' and polish and then when waxed your car will look like it has a showroom finish .
 This jacket is great . I kind of regret getting the white one because it will get dirty faster than the black or blue , but the jacket is very good . I am a Florida driver and when you take the inside liner out and open the vents you can stay fairly cool knowing that you have titanium and top quality elbow pads as protection . The inside liner can keep you very warm , but do n't be mistaken , this is n't a winter jacket . Great buy . The white is really nice , I am just worried about going through a patch of bugs . So far it has been a month and is perfectly clean , but I will see later when the bugs come out . The look is a little ... hmmm ... muscular ? if that makes sense . Sometimes I feel like I am wearing a fake muscle suit , but if that doesnt bother you , I would strongly recommend the jacket .
 Fits my Toyota van like a glove , covers the entire windshield . It 's heavy and cuts out more heat than any other windshield cover I ever had .
 This is the second one I 've purchased ... and now getting another one for the third car ! Really helps in summer heat . Only bad thing is it takes up room in car when not in use
 This sunscreen is perfect for my 2010 Sienna . The temperature drop is significant . It is well worth the money!It was easy to purchase through Amazon.com
 Perfect for the my van . Easy to keep and maintain . Does a great job.I liked it .
 I was looking for the best sunshade that fit perfectly with a reasonable price . Well , This sunshade does it all . Perfect fit , not flimsy and keeps my van nice and cool . Other products have many spaces , and some even comes in two pieces . In my opinion , this Heatshield is the best in the market .
 The microfiber mop was the perfect solution for cleaning my pine floors . The swivel head feature lets me get under funiture easily . Sweeping with the dry pad picks up dirt , dust , and hair . Mop cleaning with the wet pad is thorough . The extension handle feature helps too . I would n't live without this mop ! Toss the pads in the washing machine after use . How simple can it get ?
 As a dust sweeper , this mop functions about as well as normal Swiffer-type disposable dusters , except it 's much bigger , which is nice , and of course it 's reusable . Reusability is a double-edged sword , though , because you have to dispose of all the dust bunnies somehow and I 'm personally afraid to put them all in my washing machine along with the pads . I think I 'm going to end up sort of brushing off the dust pads before washing them . Even though it 's wide , the mop is narrow enough that it can get into nooks and crannies about as well as a Swiffer can.As a mop , this thing blew me away . I could not believe how well it cleaned even tough , dried up stains with JUST WATER . My mop came with two damp mop pads -LRB- and three dry ones ! -RRB- , and they covered my far-less-than-spotless floors with no problem . How nice not to have to deal with buckets of nasty water for wringing and rinsing . At one point one of them started drying up and I just wet it a little and it kept going . Also , it did a much better job than ordinary mops of getting rid of those stringy left-behinds that other mops just push around.I have dogs and I 'm always worried about them walking on a floor washed with harsh chemicals and then licking their paws . With this mop I do n't have to worry about that anymore , or about the damage to my health or the environment of using stuff like that . I highly recommend this mop !
 Mop does a good job . microfiber rules for this type stuff . Silver metal handle is better than plastic or painted rolled sheet metal , which is what one would expect for this type product .
 I am happy to share my review for this wonderful product . The duster works GREAT on pet hair and the little things neither one of my vacuum cleaners will pick up -LRB- I have all tile floors -RRB- . It is very easy to use and very accommodating as well . It swivels 360 degrees , so it gets completely under the bed and in all the corners . And it gets the edges of the floor as well . The mophead is also fabulous . I do n't use chemicals with this , and it appears that I do n't need to as it does a better job than any of my old mops using floor cleansers . Which I like because of my animals . End result ... could n't be easier unless I had a maid . And does a very good job at washing the floors with no mess .
 Gets the job done , extendable handle , reusable pads . Microfibers pick up stuff my broom and mop left behind . Very happy with this purchase .
 After reading reviews on Microfiber mops and researching on the internet all the different brands , I ordered Simplee Cleen . It is the best.While I was waiting for my order to arrive , I saw an O'Cedar one at Wal-mart and thought that it sure does look wide . I am so glad I ordered this . This mop is a much better size , and the mop heads are much thicker and you can tell it is a better grade of microfiber material.I love the light weight handle . The mop heads are very well made . It made cleaning my floors fun . Not only fun , but fast . It cut the cleaning time in half . No standing bent over wringing dirty mops.It is so easy to rinse and toss the dirty mop head into the washer . I can not belive how this mop has transformed the old chore of floor cleaning.The size of this mop is perfect . I was able to clean in , around and behind the toilet with it . My back did not ache at all when finished cleaning the floors . Before Simplee Cleen I would spend 90 minutes mopping in a bent over stance . My back would ache the rest of the day.The sellers are excellent with customer service too . They called me before shipping to let me know it was coming by another carrier , and they needed my physical address instead of the PO Box . Great company with great product.This mop is well worth the try and see if you like it too . I was surprised and very pleased .
 This mop was recomended to me and I am very happy with it . It cleans much better than my previous mop and takes less time because it covers a much larger area . I highly recomend this item .
 I love the simplee clean microfiber swivel mop . It is bigger and easier to use than the swiffer and you do n't have to keep buying replacement sheets ... just wash and go . A much more environmental and financial choice than other cleaning options .
 This is the best mop I have had so far , easy to use and it works as described 100 % . Even my husband mops the floors now . : -RRB-
 I needed a dust mop and the `` Simplee Cleen Mop kit '' arrived just in time.The Microfiber pad I found better and easier to use than the standarddust mops . Another plus was a Microfiber damp pad for quick washingfloors also included in the mop kit . Great product .
 I have had no problems with swiveling the mop head , as another review had suggested . It does a fantastic job of dry mopping the kitchen floors , and wet mopping worked extremely well . Just some generic pine-scented cleaner , hot water , and the mop pad . When I 'm done , I just toss the mop pad in the wash with the towels and it 's ready to use again . Great for the environment and great for your wallet .
 Purchased this as a replacement for my worn out swifer . Love it . Adjustable handle makes it comfortable for even a tall person . The pads clean better and easier than the swifer did on my kitchen tile floors . Covers a larger width also . Love the fact that when I am thru , just toss in the washer and its ready for the next time . So no buying replacement disposables . I do wish I had taken the advice of a previous customer and purchased a extra set of pads to save on shipping .
 When I received the mop , there were no instructions on the care of the microfiber pads . Other than that , the mop is very good and easy to use . I even used it on my walls for a quick spot cleaning - it did not leave any streaking on my walls . Nice product .
 This product is fantastic . For dusting , pollen , dog hair and everything else on the floor or walls this is the go to mop . Very wide head and mop head adheres to handle by velcro . Washes beautifully .
 This mop is easy to use and very effective . My floor has never looked this clean , and with no harsh chemicals -LRB- I used a mixture of borax , castille soap , and hot water -RRB- . I also love that I 'm not creating waste every time I mop my floor . I have two reservations , though , although one may be silly
 I have had floating floors for 9 years and have been cleaning them on my hands and knees the entire time ! This is absolutely perfect for laminate flooring and I am no longer on my knees ! The microfiber pad just glides across the floor buffing it to a shine as it goes ! Thank-you from making a product specifically for laminates !
 This is a great micro fiber mop . It covers a large area quickly . The head is very responsive which makes getting into corners and under things easy and fast .
 Great product . Great price . Easy to use . Does the job . No complaints . Comparable mops are much more expensive with no better results . Use this in my own home and cleaning for others . Recommend to all .
 I really like this mop . It is easy to use and works well . I use the sweeping pad first which works well ; however I have dogs , so I kind of have to make a pile of dog hair/crumbs if I let it go too long between sweeping and use a small dust pan and broom to get all the doghair/crumbs swept up.For mopping , if my floor is n't too dirty , I just use the mop pad wet with hot water . When I finish one room I take the mop pad off and use the kitchen sprayer on hot to get all of the dirt out , and move onto the next room with a clean pad -LRB- same pad , just washed out -RRB- . If the floor is extra dirty , like by the back door where the dogs come in , I just spray it with my favorite spray cleaner , let it sit while I do another room , and come back and the dirt lifts off nicely ! I also like how the mop easily gets under cabinet edges and under appliances . Also I feel like this is a super `` green '' product as you are not buying throw away pads all the time . They wash easily , and have held up well so far . I would definatly recommend this product to anyone !
 While in the hospital recently I saw the housekeeper using this mop . I asked her what the brand name was & then found it on Amazon . I 'm very pleased with it & know I 'm helping the enviroment by not using the throw away cleaning pads everytime I mop .
 I absolutely can not live without this thing ! The handle is telescopic which is extremely useful . It is the only way to get all the dust bunnies out from underneath furniture ... unless you move the furniture . They are machine washable which is even better ! I have had this mop for about 3 years and it is as good as new ... and I use it almost every day . It also works well to dry wood floors after mopping if you want to have a no-streak finish . Love it ! Also , on a side note ... cleaning wood floors with vinegar and water works like a charm . I usually do about 3:1 and spray it on and then clean with a cloth or paper towel . It is nice because it does n't leave a toxic or overpowering smell . Great for windows and chrome too !
 I do think this item works great as a mop and as a dust mop , it really picks up all of the hair , fuzz and dust . Sadly -LRB- this is why it is n't 5 stars -RRB- , corners and edges will find you using a regular broom , instead of this gadget , as it just ca n't handle those areas . I love that I can throw the pads in the washer and let them air dry -- no more mopping with anything less than clean .
 I found at my local hardware store a mop that seems to be very similar to this one and including an extra pad , costs less than the list price of this one -LRB- sales tax is less than the shipping charge -RRB- . Mine has a plastic clip on the top of the swiveling head to clip it to the pole so it can be stored in a ` straight ' shape instead of L-shaped . Maybe this brand has the same feature but it 's not mentioned in its Amazon page.The feature I like most which I was n't expecting , was it 's easy to remove the pad to wash in the sink between wipes of the floor . The pad is held on with hook-and-eye fasteners -LRB- or whatever the PC term is for Velcro -RRB- so I take it off , wash it like a dish cloth without having to manage the pole . This way , I feel that each wipe is comparably clean , that I 'm not just pushing the dirt around . When I 'm through mopping , I hand-wash and wring the pad then dry the floor with it . Finally , with these interim hand-washes , when I put the pad into the washing machine , I do n't feel that I 'm distributing floor dirt onto the rest of that load of laundry.OK so maybe I 'm a little obsessive-compulsive . Oh , the only reason I did not rate it 5 stars , and this might not be fair , is it has no scrubbing feature . My now-retired sponge mop had a scrubbing strip on the back . This mop 's pad makes it impossible to exert real force on a spot so I use a scrubby separately .
 Looked great coming out of box and even better on my Blazer !! Got it back in February and still looks brand new .
 This is a nice little cat-back exhaust system . It gave a nice 10hp boost , 1 mpg , and good deep exhaust note that is n't overpowering . The only reason I do n't give it a full 5 star rating is because of the installation instructions . They 're useless . Luckily it is n't hard how to figure how it goes on lol . This is a good , inexpensive , and useful kit .
 Unfortunately , I think at the time I bought this , Amazon did n't have it yet , so I ordered it straight from Wolo . -LRB- Buy on Amazon - MUCH less expensive !! -RRB- This thing really does produce that substantial , mechanical siren sound you associate with a large firetruck -LRB- not so much the sound you hear on a police car these days -RRB- . It does n't cycle automatically -LRB- which is probably a good thing , as you 'll read in a minute -RRB- . You push the button -LRB- or other control -RRB- and it revs up to pitch , you let go , and it goes down in pitch until it stops . Now , AFTER I put this thing on , I happened to look up the traffic regulations in my state . It 's illegal to HAVE one and illegal to USE it . Ooops ! So , I 'm VERY careful when and where I sound it , and of course -LRB- even though I have a white car ! -RRB- I would never use it to impersonate a police car ! So , be advised - it might not be legal where you are , either . But , on my car , it 's hidden from view , and no way am I removing it ! This thing is splendid fun !
 These ramp kit 's made it easy for me to turn my spare 2x10 's into a ramp for my lawn equipment . It comes with everything you need you just have to drill the holes .
 Got these for my 2005 Armada front seats which are starting to show wearI 'm impressed . These look great considering the material is not stretchy . I feel like my vehicle will show less wear
 The item arrived quickly . It was the correct part , easy to install , and best of all , it was about half the price of our local parts store , even after shipping .
 Well made and reliable instrument . I used it to measure the state of battery charge on my boat . I would prefer that it had a red , yellow , green indicator overlaid on the scale to make it easier to know the battery condition .
 I bought this for my 1995 240sx because I did n't like how the sun reflected off the shiny dash into my eyes . For that , it was a great improvement . It would have been better if the fibers were matte black instead of glossy black . The fit was decent and presentable - certainly better than anything homemade . I was satisfied with the purchase .
 I saved money over buying product at local auto parts store and item performs well . I expect an increase in fuel milage .
 Hi , I am verry satisfied with this product , and will recomend to every one.It Is what II was expecting.I will also be comming back .
 Thanks for fast charging and packaging wonderful , happy to deal with youWe will deal with you soon , I wish you success
 I had my intake manifold crack on me so I went ahead and replaced the spark plugs and COP boots too . These sufficed , I used plenty of dielectric grease to make sure these sealed up nice and watertight as possible since their design was less than optimal to prevent fluid from getting in.I have a police interceptor model and I was tripping about the springs missing parts . If you are also wondering about this , do n't . Mine had 3 separate parts with high performance contacts on either end . These simply do not have those and will work just fine leaving no gap between it and the spark plugs .
 I love this exhaust , it 's quiet when cruising on the highway , yet gives you a nice exhaust note whenever you 're on the throttle . It runs close to the left rear brake lines so I wrapped some thermo-shield around them and everything has been fine after close to 1,000 miles . Worth the money , it has a much classier sound than most other brands and gave my car a slight boost in power above about 2,000 rpms . Cost of install was $ 100 . If you 're thinking about spending $ 800 on a Magnaflow do yourself a favor and spend the extra $ 200 on the Borla !
 these mats fit the car perfectly and the color is a perfect match to the interior of the car . Could not ask for more than that !
 Designed to fir my particualr vehicle , including grommets that are preciselt place to fit over the locating posts that my vehicle has .
 Easy to install , looks great , nice styling , good workmanship and a must for a 2006 Toyota Tundra auto rear window
 Put this on my 2004 Tundra that has a roll down rear window . Great for leaving the rear window down an inch or so for heat . does n't seal tight enough not to leak abit when raining and the rear window is down but a small amount of silicon fixes that . does n't enterfere with rear view at all .
 these mats fit the car perfectly and the color is a perfect match to the interior of the car . Could not ask for more than that !
 Designed to fir my particualr vehicle , including grommets that are preciselt place to fit over the locating posts that my vehicle has .
 Very pleased with the fit and finish of this product . It was for my neices car . I would purchase this product again . In fact I was so impressed with this , that I bought 2 more for my truck and car . Also bought them for my parents .
 After reading about the Tokico shocks on the internet , I recently bought a pair . Upon comparing them side by side with my Monroe Sensamatics it was immediately apparent that the Tokico was more responsive . It took about half the force to compress the shock as the sensamatic . This meant the shock responded much better to hard bumps , and its damper system provided a smoother ride overall . For such a good shock I was surprised to find that the cost was nearly half that of the Monroe . Amazon.com definately had the best price on the net , and the shipping was free . Overall I have been quite satisfied with the performance of the Tokico Shocks and would recommend them to anyone looking for a softer smoother ride .
 Nice product . Straight thru design reminiscent of the glass-packs of the 50 's & 60 's . But a much more mellow tone . Will put the same on any other car/truck I have that needs a replacement .
 I purchased these Walker exhaust 17666 and 17667 for my 2004 Chevy Monte Carlo which was a single exhaust . I bought the Y pipe from -LSB- ... -RSB- and these mufflers fit exactly into the stock hangers . A couple of chrome tips and I have dual exhaust . No problems with the mufflers after 3 years of use and they still look good and shiny .
 This is the answer to Phoenix summers . I get in my car and I can touch the steering wheel.I went ahead and bought the driver and passenger door shades as well . These plus the tinting on my car and it 's dark in there even in full sunlight.The material is stiff and does n't ever fall down . This is a big gripe of mine with the other sun shades ; they either do n't fit or pretend to and fall down.This is a great product and highly recommended.Oooh and for the warranty . I did have something happen and they promptly sent a replacement -LRB- the side shades are a bit tricky as they involve suction cups -RRB- .
 I prefer this sunshade over some of the cheaper types . it does indeed cover the whole windshield . The temperature drop is not that significant as advertised but does provide adequate protection . Wish there were similar products for side windows , because that is how most of my interior heats up now .
 Not no cheap flimsy sunshade like the ones you will find at autozone or pepboys.works perfectly , fits perfect in my 08 mazdaspeed3 . Only downfall is that it iskind of a pain to take down with someone in your car .
 I have had this shade for a while now , it fits my Mazda 3 perfectly . When you roll it up there is a little Velcro strip that sticks to itself on the other side , but the glue that is holding it is starting to slide . It will still hold for now but every time the car gets too hot the glue slides and the tab is going to eventually fall off . I guess there is always super glue .
 I had bought this one after I had purchsed one for my car . This one was for my husbands car he kept on saying how he liked that really kept my car so much cooler !!! So one day I surprised him and ordered him his sunshade !!! They are custom made and are not the flimsy things you find in the stores !!!!
 this works well to keep the car cool . it is a little difficult to take down when you have other people in the car .
 It does the job , though I regret not buying the factory brand for jut a few more bucks . It does fit perfectly as promoted . The quality could have been better , though I 'm in Sacramento sun and after a few hours at high temperatures this thing started to cruel up . Good thing it went back to normal on cooler days . Not sure how long it would last , so I 'll see . I think if cost is an issue and your area is n't like a desert in the summer time , this produce would work find to save a few bucks .
 It 's perfect for Mazda 3 , the sunshade is made of a very strong and durable material .
 This is the best sunshield I have ever owned . It fits just like it should and is built very well , maybe to well . The only reason I did n't give it a 5 star rating is that the sunshield is very stiff . The stiffness makes it a little difficult to place it on the inside of the windshield . I have owned and used it for 2 years . It is still like new . I would buy it again .
 Standard Motor Products Neutral/Backup Switch , you really have to careful to verify which of these you buy . Apparently NOT all Toyota Camrys have the same Standard Motor Products Neutral/Backup Switch . My Standard Motor Products Neutral/Backup Switch does however work GREAT and the price was right !
 This is a GREAT power inverter for the car ! I use it for plugging my laptop in so I can charge it and play music while driving . High recommended , and I 've never had a problem with it ! *****
 Perfect , Keep the good work going . I will recommend this is my dear one . I love it and is very good .
 I have a 95 Astro van that I use for work , loaded down with tools and need support these worked good . Necessary info 7 1/2 '' tall by 3 1/4 '' wide inside dimension . are bigger than they look . Good for the job .
 These are exactly what I wanted.They support the back end of my street rod perfectly when I am being foolish , , , lolol
 These springs do work if you have reasonable expectations . They do add significant carrying capacity . It 's best if you can tack weld a couple places to keep them in place . I had them on a 1972 Chevy half ton and they shifted somewhat . Overall , a decent product for the price .
 The springs were delivered on time and fit perfectly . We were very happy to find them . Not and easy thing to find for an old pick-up .
 really knarly springs dude , worked awesome on my panel shaggon wagon , everything was groovy in the box!really good deal for the price .
 got these to put on my 94ranger , had to put them in the middle of my springs to make them fit , it took a little work but dont have to worry bout them moving . i haul alot of wood in the summer n so far these have done great , iv had a couple of realy big loads on them n they do come close to flat but for the price i think they r a great deal , not to sure bout the 2000lb but they do the trick .
 Put on a car with worn leaf springs and they worked exactly as stated . By following the provided directions , you can add the exact amount of desired lift . I was using to remove the rear sag and make the car level again . However , I have also loaded the car , and these do also provide help in carrying a load .
 great . fast shipping . i cut them in half , doubled them up , strapped them on , and now I have double helper springs on my truck for the price of one set . great deal , good quality product .
 This leaf spring set turned out to be the wrong set for my 98 Plymouth Voyager . My mistake ... did n't look at the diagrams close enough . So why 5 stars ? I decided to cut them in half . I installed 2 halves one on top of another on each spring . Works beautifully . Probably have 3000 lb . helpers on now .
 Yo instal&eacute; este producto en Toyota Echo Model 2001 , de 2 puertas . La instalacion es facil , solamente se deben seguir las instrucciones del fabricante . Solamente es necesario conseguir la herramienta para quitar los tornillos que trae el vehiculo de fabrica.La caja de carton donde viene el producto es muy grande .
 This fits pretty well , and does n't stick out off the back very much at all . It does slightly press upwards on my bumper , this could be from a previous accident so I do n't want to dock more than one star . Install is a little bit of a pain because of the angle to get the original brackets off , but I did it on my own in a parking lot . I use it to be able to take bikes with me , and still have some space for people/other stuff . I used this bike rack : Allen Deluxe 3-Bike Hitch Mount Rack -LRB- 1.25 or 2-Inch Receiver -RRB-
 If you have a small-block Chevy 305 engine with a carburetor , like mine in my 5th gen '85 El Camino , this part is an equivalent replacement for the stock mechanical fuel pump . It 's rated at 5.5-6 .5 psi maximum , so you should n't need to add a fuel pressure regulator . I 'll update this review after I actually receive the part ; just wanted to put in a little additional info since I had to dig around elsewhere online to get some of these details on this model of pump .
 It was time to replace my factory muffler on my 2004 Ram 1500 quad cab 4x4 I shopped around alittle and chose this muffler for two reasons one it is stainless steel and single to dual exhaust which i was doin anyway this was an easy install just one thing this muffler is about 6in shorter then the stock wasnt an issue on my install but when you start it MAN thats what a Hemi is suppose to sound like i have a 173k miles on my truck this muffler has not only given me the tone and added performance it has also increased my mpg noticeably and dollar for dollar i dont think youll find a better replacement !
 Purchased this muffler because I needed one -LRB- old muffler rusted out -RRB- . Great price but , also needed stainless steel . Installed muffler myself -LRB- bolt on -RRB- took about two hours to get everything lined up . Once installed I started the engine and WOW , this thing growls like a beast . The only thing I did n't take into account is , the Dynomax is about 6 '' -7 '' shorter than the factory muffler that was on my truck -LRB- 05 ' Dodge Ram 1500 -RRB- . All and all I am completely satisfied .
 I bought this exhaust for my wifes 2006 dodge ram . It fit great and the sound is incredible . It 's a quality partThe stainless steel body will probably outlast the truck . I would even say I gained a few horsepower . All in all this is a great product and I would n't hesitate to buy from this seller again .
 Great company . I have purchased several Dynomax mufflers using their sound guarantee . Returned two I did not like , no questions asked . This one was the best sound for me .
 Was a breeze to install and sounds great ! Would recommend to anyone looking for a cheap good quality after market muffler .
 Absolutely a fabulous way NOT to FREEZE in your car on COLD days !! Just plug in this blanket and you 're comfortable !!
 I had a set of these on my car for about 10 years . One of them went out on me and this was a direct replacement . Not a lot to say about a muffler . It muffles .
 Read description before you purchase says `` 2 BLOCKS ONLY '' ! Dont be fooled by the picture it is incorrect . Missing U-bolts , lock washers and nuts !
 Nice sound without being too loud . Seems to give somewhat better performance and gas mileage . Very well constructed - a great value for the money .
 Perfect Fit - no issues.Highly recommend that one inspects the OLD CV axle when removing to ensure all washers/rings are in place on the NEW CV Assembly - otherwise , your CV is gon na leak gear oil/tranny fluid at the pinion ring seal @ the transmission/gear box .
 Probably the single best oil money can buy . This oil consists of mostly Group V base stock , which is why the price is so high , even among `` boutique '' oils . But if you are a racer or run a car very hard that is already tough on oil -LRB- turbo 's , direct injection , etc , are brutal on an oil -RRB- this may be for you .
 I am pushing 400 WHP -LRB- horsepower at all four wheels , not at the crankshaft horsepower , which is the usual rating -RRB- , from a turbocharged 2.5 liter engine , on road racing courses , with sustained high RPMs for 20 minutes periods . In one day that is like driving 80 miles while you brutalize your engine for all it 's worth . In approximately twenty such days I have never had an oil related failure.This is not your everyday oil for your daily driver . It is a low viscosity range oil for a high pressure , high performance , high temperature engine.Keep that in mind . It is not cheap , so there are better , more cost effective synthetic oil options for a street car .
 Royal Purple is the best engine oil out there.I was using Mobil 1 , but this stuff is up many notches from it.You will be very happy you are putting the best oil in your vehicle.I always add Dura Lube to all my oil changes too , another awesome product !
 This oil has a very high tbn and is rich in anti-wear ingredients . My cars run smoother and get better mileage with this stuff . Redline is a oil good too , however , customer service sucks there . Rp customer service and tech support is much better.Not to be confused with over the shelf rp at pep boys . This is a different oil .
 added 4 hp on the dyno with oil alone , idles smoother all around better performance and i think 5 more mpg awsome oil .
 Royal purple is the best motor oil any one can put into there vehicle.its always good knowing that your engine is protected with the best motor oil money can buy.I will always use royal purple in my vehicles and in my families vehicles .
 I use this Jump-N-Carry Offen , at least twice a month . Once on my own pickup truck . This bet 's carrying those Battery cables . This item holds the charge for a long , long time.This one works for me . I would tell others to buy this model if they were going to buy one .
 I 'm very impressed with the quality of this product . All holes line up perfectly . Well worth the price . It 's made much heavier than I expected .
 My truck has 120K and i needed to service the cooling system so it thought it would be a good time to change the hoses.Gates has always made a good product and this hose looks like it is well made.Note that if original hoses came with the protective mesh you will need to transfer it to the replacement hose but this is not a big deal .
 I 'm very impressed with the quality of this 2 '' Lift Block Kit for the money . It was a fraction of the cost of Competitors similar kits , and it was well made , nicely finished , and plated for durability . It was simple to install . After I had installed a 2 '' leveling kit on the front end of my '08 Silverado , I decided to install this 2 '' Lift Block KIT from SUPERIOR AUTOMOTIVE , to raise the rear of my truck , and the hitch 2 '' to get back to the factory stance . It raised the rear end of my truck , and hitch 2 '' , and it allows me to tow my larger boat with a more level , and `` higher at the hitch '' stance , and it maintained the softer , comfortable 1/2 ton GM ride because it did n't compress my springs , it simply raised my springs , body , and hitch 2 '' . When towing heavier trailers , it 's advantageous to have the lift , and ability to compress the suspension , and still maintain a level tow vehicle , and trailer . It 's not adventageous when towing a heavy trailer to allow your tow vehicle to sag at the hitch more than necessary . In my case , the 2 '' leveling kit under the front end , and the 2 '' Lift Block Kit under the back-end gave me 2 '' of body lift all-around , while maintaining the original factory , pitched forward stance , which allows me to tow heavier trailers with a level stance , and comfortable factory GM ride . And , I 'm no longer dragging my factory front spoiler over things when I 'm off-roading either , the extra ground clearance is good for me . These Lift Blocks , Leveling Kits , and Body Lifts , are cheap , and easy to install , and they do not affect driveability , economy , or the Factory Drive Train Warranty . On the other hand , most Suspension Lifts are expensive , and difficult to install , and they do affect the chassis , driveability , the drive train , and sometimes they VOID the Factory Drive Train Warranty.Weigh your options , and settle on what will meet your needs effectively , and in a cost-effective manner . This approach works well for me.Greg
 I installed this on a 1998 Jeep Cherokee . I have installed a few lift kits just like this , so install was easy . FYI , use a torch to cut old U-bolts off , way easier . Also , use a ratchet strap or come-a-long to hold rear axle in place before starting . It will shift when old U-bolts are taken off . This kit is very straight forward and quick install . The new U-bolts will need to be cut during install , they are about 3 '' too long , but easily fixed with cut-off wheel .
 I got this kit to add a few inches of lift to my 99 Nissan Frontier and I was a little worried about it being a light weight aluminum lift block kit . I installed the kit including the longer u-bolts -LRB- which need trimming to fit for length -RRB- . They fit great , snug , and since then I have put them through their paces . I have driven on the roughest terrain I could , washboard road tests , even loading up a tank with 1,500 lbs of water and these blocks can handle it all . no bending , crushing , or any kind of breaking . I have recommended these blocks to other friends since then and they love them too .
 FAST DELIVERY - FIT PERFECT - NO COMPLAINTSU BOLTS ARE EXTRA LONG - NEED TO CUT TO LENGTH DEPENDING ON YOUR APPLICATION - BUT SHOULD FIT ANY APPLICATION!THANKS
 A lot of coverage in the back and under the second row seats . Must have for children or if you have a lot of passengers . Makes clean up much easier and protects the vehicle . Got the matching second set to keep everything rearward in order .
 Purchased for a 2010 Camaro . 600mi later still no lights or error codes . Make sure to follow directions and you 'll be good .
 After picking up the `` right '' locking fuel cap for my 2010 Chevy Equinox at Auto Zone , only to have to return it because , despite what all their information on their computers say , it did n't fit , I decided to give this a try . Fits perfectly , plus it arrived within days . The only thing I 'm changing is putting the key on an extra -LRB- small -RRB- keychain to keep in the car and not on my key ring - too cumbersome , but that 's not the fault of Stant .
 This product does not fit your 2012 Toyota Tacoma ! That 's according to Amazon.YES , IT DOES FIT MY 2012 Toyota Tacoma Access Cab.I do n't know what that white powder is on the rubber seal , but I cleaned it before installing the cap . No error codes and no gas stolen so far .
 As advertised , good product . I do wish that there was a way to attach it to my gas cap door without drilling , but good product nonetheless .
 I have this cap installed on my 2010 Camaro SS . It works perfectly . Decent product . 1 caveat
 I have 3 of these and highly recommend them as a `` deterrant '' . Yes , if someone is determined it can be broken off or they can stab the tank , but quick gas theft can be avoided if they can find a car with a non-locking gas cap -LRB- put a small sticker on your gas panel that states locking gas cap and the door may not be pried open , it may be passed up -RRB- . Avoid pranks , vandalism , and gas theft with these . They are a little hard to figure out initially but simple after that . I have never had a dash light come on from these for leaking , on '09 Tacoma , ' 08 , '11 IS250 , and '12 Tundra , or '04 RX-330 -LRB- different type/model number -RRB- . Excellent value.Update Oct. 2012 : Excellent device and value . Always works great and easily . Worth it with high fuel prices .
 I am very pleased with both the price and performance of this cap . It fits my Toyota Tacoma very well and functions even better . I have had no problems with the check engine light and found this cap to be the best price at Amazon . David , Stapleton , AL
 Great service as always !! The product arrived very fast , and was exactly as described . Amazon is the greatest !!
 What can I say . Stant is the go to for locking fuel caps . I have purchased and used many Stant caps over the years for both commercial and home vehicles . The price was right and it fit my wife 's 2012 Traverse as it said it would . I would n't be without a locking fuel cap when gas is bumping $ 4.00 .
 After all of the negative reviews , I was very hesitant to buy this cap , but I figured if it did n't work , I could always return it.Well , I have the cap and it works perfectly . You simply have to follow the instructions on the cap when unlocking it . You have to turn the key 1/4 turn counter-clockwise , then back and pull the key out and the cap screws off . When you are finished filling up , you simply turn the cap clockwise without the key in the cap and it clicks a few times and you are good to go . No problem with the check engine light coming on . I do n't know how long it will hold up , but it works perfectly for now.It goes on my 2011 Toyota Tacoma truck .
 Worked great on my late model GMC . Never a system warning at all - clicks securely and makes a solid seal . Added peace of mind in a high dollar gas environment .
 Amazon says Stant part number 10504 does not fit Chevy Silverado 5.3 engine , Stants own part look up says otherwise . This part DOES fit a Chevy Silverado .
 This is the most fantastic , wonderful purchase I have ever made ! Well , maybe not , but it 's OK . As a locking gas cap , it appears to be delivering exactly what it is supposed to , and at a good price . Given that it just screws in with no apparent locking points , I wondered how it could work . Think child-proof drug container cap , where the top just spins unless you deal with it the right way . With this cap , your key causes the outer cap to engage with the inner , screw-in part . Without the key , the outer section just spins and the inner plug stays put . I 'm sure that with the right tools and no interruptions , it could be defeated , but I 'm betting that a gas thief will tend to move on to something easier . Recommended .
 Got it for my 2009 Toyota Tacoma . No vapor leak error codes , and works well enough for me .
 Toyota does not make a locking gas cap for the Tacoma and the gas hatch door is not a locking type . If you want to lock the gas tank this is one of few options to do so . As you can see by it 's picture , the cap is threaded to the bottom which is NOT the same as Toyota 's OEM cap , which is smooth for about a half inch to make replacing the cap after filling the tank easier.I had to call Stant to make sure this would fit on my 2012 as the Amazon guide indicated it would not . I does fit but is not as slick as the original . Some online reviews and the Toyota manual warn about a `` check engine '' light if the gas tank is not properly sealed by the cap . That was not an issue with mine.I 'd spend more money and buy one that fit better if it was available but from my research I could n't find one .
 This model fit my 2011 Toyota Tacoma nicely , and without triggering any emissions sensors / check-engine light . Toyota do not provide an OEM locking option and the dealer and online team declined to recommend any third-party product.Feels a little cheaply made but it 's a somewhat-useful deterrent . I do like the fact that it does n't need the key in to relock it .
 I purchased this for my 2010 camaro ls . The lock feels a little cheap but it gets the job done . I really have no complaints about this product .
 Delivery was excellent.The vendor 's packing was good.Received item sooner than delivery date promised.I have no problem with item , it works .
 Fit well , decent materials , decent price . Basically it does the job it 's supposed to without bitching . Could it be better , yea . Does it need to be , no . Ribs in the center of the mats would help to prevent large amounts of liquids from rolling around . Maybe a higher lip towards the doors . But I 'd buy again .
 I have one of these hanging from my Christmas tree . It 's too bad that they do n't seem to be available anymore ; my sister 's boyfriend wanted one . If you see one of these for sale at a reasonable price , and you 're a Shadow the Hedgehog fan , snap it up . I would n't use it as a keychain , though , because I 'd be worried about it taking the typical keychain abuse .
 Fitment is perfect on my 2011 -LRB- gen 2 -RRB- . . I know the power-gain is probably not significant enough for me to notice but it seems a little faster coupled with a slip-on . . Overall very satisfied with this air filter .
 I 've been a Yamaha guy all my life , until 2005 when I needed a commuter for living and working in Seattle , where the ferry is $ 30 roundtrip for a car , ut only $ 8 for a motorcycle . My '00 SV650 is my first Suzuki ... and I love it.It was a used buy from an engineer who wanted a track queen to trailer , ride hard , then put away until the next . It came with the K&N ; gauze filter above , so its entire life with me has been without the expensive and non-cleanable/non-reusable stock cloth air filter.Another one of our group of friends has the same year , same-spec SV , but in slightly different tune . He however chose to stick with the stock filter , modified.In the time we 've both owned our SVs , I 've just cleaned and re-oiled the filter . He 's gone through umpteen stock filters , and has to mod them everytime perfectly like the last one , which is a pain as the original SV650 has a clearance issue with the underside of the tank , and the opening to the filter , which is the opening to the airbox . The only thing about owning a K&N ; , is careful adherence to cleaning and oiling procedure -- it 's really , really easy to under/overoil . But once you learn how , it 's a snap -- just takes about an hour to allow for proper drying and oiling.I 've solved that last bit about the time lag prepping the filter ... by buying two . That way one is always clean and ready to drop in , while you can take your time and do right to the other filter . Expensive ? Perhaps ... but they always act the same , always give me the same mpg , same performance . Ca n't say the same about my friend and his adventures in Dremelling ABS plastic ... not to mention he 's spent a lot more than even the cost of two K&N s ; in five years of riding . ; -RRB- Pros
 Like I said , once it 's installed , the bike seems to love the enhanced air flow.The problem is with the fit of the metal plate over the top of the filter . Installing it into the KLR took several attempts to get right . The metal plate does n't fit naturally over the top of the filter when you screw the butter fly bolt . It wants to set in a tilted fashion - crooked . I finally realized I have to do a tricky maneuver to get the plate on with both hands evenly -LRB- one with fingers pressing toward 's the back , and the other with fingers pressing on the front side -RRB- , and then with quite a bit of force , keep it pressed on the filter while I attempt to screw the butter fly bolt on.It just seems that the plate should be a few millimeters larger so it naturally slips into place while screwing the bolt in.I 'm sure I 'll get better at it , but well designed parts should just work and not require horsing around with different techniques to get such a simple part into place properly .
 what can i say ? the product already sells itself ! if you dont have one you need to get one for all vehicles ! great air flow improved response and a quality product to protect your investment !!!
 This K&N ; air filter is a good value , and fits the 1st generation Suzuki SV650 -LRB- '99 - ' 02 -RRB- . I 'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because it does not come pre-oiled , so you 'll have to buy a separate bottle of oil -LRB- I recommend the K&N ; 99-5050 Filter Care Service Kit - Squeeze , available on Amazon -RRB- . Otherwise a good fit and does the job . Recommended .
 Dropped this in my motorcycle , and it runs great . I have a fuel injected bike with aftermarket exhaust and no Fuel Management system -LRB- Power Commander , or Juice Box -RRB- and the power band is smooth and responsive .
 Fits better than OEM , functional and best of all , it 's reuseable . Overall , I 'm very pleased with my purchase through Amazon , always like the free shipping deals .
 I recently purchased this air filter for my 2002 Shadow ACE 750 and instantly noticed a difference . The bike responds a lot faster and the increased air flow alows the bike to feel less `` forced '' . I install K&N products in all my vehicles . There is a notable difference without having to remove stock air box .
 K & N Max air flow . Put one of these on my wife 's Suzuki and had to plug one of the vents . Engine ran too lean . So much less constriction than a regular filter . Put one on my Honda VXT and the bike has a little more pep .
 Excellent quality merchandise in perfect shape.Packaging was perfect for the items.Excellent delivery time.Exactly the part I order and wanted at the nice price I would pay.Would order again .
 No body does it better . Makes me feel sad for the rest . Baby your the best air flow , added H.P. and performance for the money period .
 Took about 2 minutes to install . I definitely noticed an increase in horsepower . I recommend this to everyone looking . K&N makes a great product
 I love it . It was easy to install and the mpg has been awesome . Great price and great results . The easy choice !
 another quality product from k & N. i replaced the original filter and this made a nice difference . always recommend this product for every vehicle .
 Your initial cost for the K&N Filter will be more than the stock filter but it does not take long to recoup your cost and actually start saving money by not replacing the stock filter as needed . It is very easy to remove , clean and condition as needed . As far as performance I have not paid much attention to that aspect as the two reasons stated above are enough to sell me . If it improves performance , efficiency and longevity then that 's a bonus .
 Fitted straight in , packed well , great price , K&N makes quality products as you would expect , no issues recommending this item .
 The butt dyno ca n't tell a difference and my mpg is unaffected . But it 's a high quality re usable filter that will save $ $ over time . VTX 1800C equipped with stock pipes , stock EFI fuel management .
 I bought this for my 2011 BMW G650GS and have no complaints . The installation was smooth and everything fit as it should . Do n't forget to install the foam restrictor if you 're not going to get a custom tune ! It 's nice that this was thought of and included .
 This product really allows my suzuki gsxr to breathe better - Its a great item and i will be sure to recommend you to other bike riding friends of mine .
 Perfect filters for my rejetted carbs and my stock pipes that i have removed the baffles on . The engine runs so good now .
 works great , easy to install , fit perfectly in air box . to install on none touring model with mock tank you open door to gas cap.remove all screws and 2 on front of tank . be careful , tank is 2 seperate parts . lift up instrument panel.slide tank apart a little , remove screw , lift out filter , put in new , put in screw , slide tank parts back in place , insert instrument panel , run screws back in . It is a good idea to have someone help you by holding the instrument panel up out of the way due to wires attached and so you dont scratch the tank . Also , when removing screws , look out for washers , so when you lift instrument panel , you dont lose them or drop them in the gas filler tube , because gas cap must be removed .
 Works great , perfect replacement fit for Yamaha 1100 custom . Have not noticed any power inprovement . Just nice to have a good one that will last forever .
 If this air filter was used it was not for very long . It was in its orignal box and plastic bag it also had a k & n sticker . I am very happy with my purchase I paid 40 $ for a 68 $ filter . And shipping was fast .
 its a different shape than the stock filter for my 82 ' xv750 but the holes line up fine and it fits well in my airbox , i definitely notice the increased performance from better airflow , and its reusable
 The price for this filter -LRB- $ 31.00 -RRB- was less than the OEM paper filter you have to replace every 6000 to 7000 miles . And the beauty of K & N filters is when dirty you just wash it with K & N cleaner & water & just let air dry , then reoil with K & N filter spray oil . Also the filter will probably out live your bike .
 I bought this for my Suzuki Boulevard C50 because I wanted a washable filter that lasted a long time . I heard people talking about how a K&N filter gave them extra power . I did n't really believe all that , but after I installed this filter on my bike , there was a small yet noticeable increase in power . I am happy ! Extra performance on a washable filter that will last me for the life of the bike .
 I have always been a fan of K&N products . In this case it was a matter of getting a good deal , this vedor was very fast and had a great price !
 Fit perfect , did not have to modify the airbox or anything . Came ready to use right out of the box . It IS a K&N brand filter exactly as advertised .
 K&N has long been a favorite of mine , when it came time to change the air filter on my motorcycle , the choice was simple . The product took about 2 minutes to install and while I ca n't substantiate the HP or fuel mileage increase , I can tell you the acceleration right off the bottom is noticeable immediately . If you switch your filter , this `` lifetime '' replacement is a `` must have '' !
 Fitment is good , would be excellent if it had a tab for the stock clip to hold it in place . I bent the tab to help hold it while putting the cover on.Have used K&N ; filters in all my bikes they work well and are easy to clean and oil .
 This is a wonderful find My motorcycle takes this particular filter -LRB- without mods -RRB- which no paper filter can compare thank you Amazon for carrying this filter .
 The air fliter on my husbands bike was so bad -LRB- he just bought it used but previous ower have n't changed it since brought new -RRB- that he had to get new replacement . he looked everywhere but all were so high that we just could n't afford it ... that was till we found one on Amazon . I strongly recommend this product for the price and quality .
 Great replacement air filter from K&N that is reusable so it is a `` Green '' product that gives your engine more air flow for increased power .
 The car runs better and there are less of times where I have to replace my air filter . I like the way the air flows easier so there are less jumping for air when you give the car the gas pedal ...
 Installed about 100 miles ago . The previous filter was installed by the previous owner . There are about 20k miles on the bike and even if the previous filter was installed when new , it was filthy ! I like the air flow on this one and there seems to be a slight increase in torque as the engine is breathing better . I will see how the filter stands up to a cleaning in about 2k miles when the next oil change is due .
 I took a chance on buying one of the `` used '' products that was listed for $ 16.39 . In the back of my head I was hoping that it was just an opened box item that they could n't sell as new and I was right ! The box was kind of beat and opened and had a UPS sticker on it , but inside was a brand new/sealed K&N ; filter . I ordered this filter and the K&N ; cleaner kit for another $ 10 + to get the free shipping and like ordering from Amazon Fulfillment , anything over $ 25 gets free shipping . I live about 150 miles from the closest fulfillment center so shipping varies from next day to 3 days . I got this in 2 days . So far I 've had nothing but excellent luck when buying `` Used - Like New '' from Amazon . They 've either been `` new '' or I could n't tell if it 's been used and I 'm perfectly fine with this.This K&N ; filter fits nicely in the stock C50T airbox . At first it seem like it was too larger as the chrome cover did n't quite fit back on once the filter was in place ; However , I decided to try and put the screws back in the tighten down the cover and everything snapped into place . Perfect fit .
 Very happy w/the product and the shipping service . This filter sells for more at most other sights . Would reccommend this to people I know .
 Replaced the stock air filter on my Suzuki GS500 with this . Very easy swap in about 15 minutes . Great price for a high performance filter .
 Had a K&N Air Filter on my 2004 Honda 599 -LRB- Hornet -RRB- , and liked both the slight performance increase , and the sound the intake makes now . Well , after getting my 2006 VFR800 VTEC , I figured it could n't hurt . It did not ! It seems the bike runs a little smoother , and sound and performance are much better , especially after the second set of valves kick in at about 6400 RPM . And as said by `` Brock '' , it does make more sense to not have to buy a new filter every time , plus I actually got it for less money than what Honda was charging for the OE filter .
 I do n't have much experience riding my Suzuki Savage with the stock air filter , and the one it had when I got the bike was in really bad shape . I at least know that this one is a huge improvement .
 I found that the size of the holes that go through the attaching points should have been a little larger as it was very tight when you were trying to put the filter in place , it had to be forced on .
 My old bike had a similar filter in it , i purchased a K&N filter cleaner kit , cleaned the filter and my bike started to act really funky . After $ 250 at the mechanic , a new R/R , carb . clean , and almost total bike breakdown . I ordered this filter , popped it in and the bike ran like a charm . The order only took a few days to arrive and packaging was unopened .
 I really like washable / re-usable filters on all my vehicles and power-sports equipment . They just make good sense , last forever , and cleaning is far more efficient than a paper filter.The local Honda dealer wanted as much for their paper filter as this K&N ; costs , which made the switch to a permanent filter a no-brainer ! Buy a new filter every 12K miles , or simply wash and re-charge this one every 50K ! The filter was an exact fit , and even came with K&N ; stickers to mount on the outside of the filter housing , as well as a WARNING sticker to alert dealers/maintenance personnel that they are NOT to remove / change / exchange this filter , EVER.After installing this filter , I noticed smoother acceleration , and more power as I reached speed . I took a 400 mile trip on my Sabre this past weekend , and reaped the benefit of gaining 2-3mpg as well ! You ca n't go wrong with installing one of these on ANY vehicle !
 Love my new filter it is an exact fit and has improved my fuel mileage a great deal . It was easy to install , was shipped quckly
 I purchased this filter right after purchasing my used bike . It replaced what looked like the original air filter from 4 years ago . I did not notice any huge improvements in my power and really was n't looking for any . I just appreciate that the filters are able to be cleaned which definitely saves money in the long run . I was at first disappointed because I thought the air filter did n't fit , I was trying to install it at night . The next morning when I decided to give it another try I realized they ship with longer screws to compensate for the increased width of the gasket . This is the second k & n I have put on my vehicles and as long as they are affordable will be the only air filters I install on my own vehicles or recommend to friends and family .
 I already had heard that K&N made great products . But I never bought any of them till I foundmine at a very resonable price on Amazon , much cheaper than the auto parts stores and I checked them ALL . I dropped it into my Yamaha R6 and all I can say is that I have a brand new bike . Much faster off the line as well as top end power and going thru less gas while at it too . If you can find one that will fit your ride find it here add to cart then check out period . Easy install came with instructions and some K&N stickers to throw on my bike as well . Thanks Amazon for a great buy .
 installation onto the motorcycle was very easy . purchased this product because of the K&N name and I am not disappointed . this product does add a little bit more HP .
 The filter was exactly as identifed when ordered . It was shipped promptly and packaged well enough to protect it during shipment .
 Overall construction of this air filter is very good , better then the OEM filter , and the fit was perfect . Honda recommends changing the stock filter every 12,000 miles , a 4 hour job to change the filter on a Goldwing . K&N recommends cleaning their filter every 50,000 miles , I do n't think I 'm ready to go 50,000 miles but I 'm comfortable with 25,000 .
 Product was shipped promptly and accurately , came exactly as ordered.Price was 2/3 of what it would have cost here in Canada at my local Honda dealer.I have not put it on my bike yet but am confident from previous experience with K&N ; that it will work well and pay for itself over the life of my bike .
 Looked all over and finially found this filter here . Lowest price anywhere . Not exactly like the original filter , but it fit fine . Have n't noticed any different in mileage yet , but only put on about about 200 miles . Like the idea , never have to buy another motorcycle filter for my bike , ever . Recieved it very fast from Amazon Thanks , Jim
 Makes more sense to have a reusable filter for my 2003 VFR800a , considering it is only about $ 10 more than the Honda replacement filter , which is oiled paper . Good investment . Bike is pretty new to me , so not sure if performance has increased , only had one take of gas used on stock filter . But it is going to save money by not ever having to buy another air filter for this bike .
 cant wait to see what difference it makes . I have had k & n in many applications before , nothing like it around , only down falll on this piticular one is u have to drill a hole in the rubber in it . I put it on my 2002 cbr 954rr .
 You hear a lot of &#34; opinions &#34; about how much better OEM filters are than K&N. ; It 's not true . I 've have and will continue to use K&N ; for both my bike and my car.K & N ; opens the bike up , offers better compression , the bike runs cleaner and cooler as well as being completely re-usable . The filter is better built than OEM and does n't break down and get sucked into the heads.It 's just a great product and the Amazon price ca n't be beat .
 K&N Filters are the cream of the crop . I usually wait until the stock air filter has to be replaced then replace it with these high quality air filters . The bike actually runs a bit better with this less restrictive air filter .
 I purchased this as an upgrade to the stock air filter large displacement motorcycle -LRB- 113c . i. -RRB- . It is a noticeable upgrade compared to the original air filter .
 I bought this as a USED product but when opening it up realized it was actual new , just the box had been opened . Wow , talk about getting a high quality product that will save money in the long run !
 Picked this up for my 2012 Busa . Great fit , simple change out , K&N quality . Around town theres not much difference felt , but once you hit the open road and un-wind the bike , you can totally feel the difference ... great product
 I have wanted on of these since i bought my bike and thanks to Amazon I got one at a great price . My Katana loves this new filter . Thanks amazon for saving me money
 It did n't exactly fit my 2007 Yamaha V-Max , but it is still doing its job . K&N has always been a quality product .
 I recently replaced my stock air filter out of my gsxr-750 and this air filter DEFINITELY is worth the money . It is reuseable and washable which is the best part . I recommend buying a cleaner for it if you are going to indeed clean it .
 Better gas mileage on my kaw nomad bike now and it also runs better , good product will order again.very well made product
 I 've used the K&N ; products in my vehicles for years and decided on using it in the motorcycle as a replacement to the stock Yamaha air filter . Being in Southern California , it seemed to get dirty pretty quickly and it just makes sense to replace it with a cleanable filter like I use in my truck.The fitment is perfect and required just a few minutes to install . A great product that I would definitely recommend .
 This is a fine filter , probably one of the best . Naturally it fits , that 's how it was manufactured . I do have a little problem with oiling the thing though . It is hard to not put too much oil on the filter when cleaning and using the `` oil-in-the-bottle . '' It takes forever to drip out to the point that you can install it and then not suck oil into your engine . I am going to get the spray-on cleaner kit and hope that works better next cleaning . It 's a little pricy but hey , it is more than likely the last air filter you will ever need to purchase .
 This is a great deal on a well known air filter . Anyone who is a gear head knows who K&N is . Ca n't beat the price either . To get a superior air filter that will help your bike breath better for only $ 15 more than a stock OEM filter is a no brainer . Came fast and fit perfectly . My only complaint is that no where on the box does it say its already oiled and ready to go . Had to find that out on the internet . Otherwise I had no regrets .
 I installed this on a 2005 Vulcan 800 . It fit perfectly and it immediately made a difference in the bikes performance . Not anything huge but the engine ran smoother and I had fewer of those cold hiccups first thing in the morning that this bike has always had . My gas mileage increased slightly too . No carb re-jetting required . I kept everything else stock .
 after reading about k & n i bought one . I really did n't expect anything really but i did need an airfilter anyhow . WOW , something simple like that has made a difference in power and sound . Dont get me wrong , , , it 's not crazy different but it did shock me a little . i am sold on this type of high performance airfilter and would buy again .
 I only use K&N filters for all of my vehicles . The air filters do add power and increase gas mileage . They also save money over time because they never need to be changed .
 I noticed that after I changed my filter , my bike seemed to be breathing better and really accerates to the redline quicker . K&N is one of the best and this is cheaper than at my local bike shop , I use them in all my machines now . It is Economical when you buy two or more over the long haul , good protection from dirtst and du , especially where I live where its always dusty and dry . Got ta have an air filter so might as well get the best ...
 Ordered this as a gift for a buddy of mine . Only thing that sucked was shipping took longer than the `` one day shipping '' special that was offered . Overall product was great ! Had bought it for a 03 ' Honda Shadow ACE 750 and immediatly felt a difference .
 PROS : This is my third K&N ; Air Filter . I bought this one for my 83 VF1100C Magna . I also have one on my 96 VF750CD Magna . If you buy one of these and have carbs rather than FI you will more than likely need to re-jet since this allows a lot more air through than a stock air cleaner . Most Every thing that K & N makes is top notch.CONS : The only disapointment on this was it was not pre-oiled like all the other K&N ; Filters I have bought . You need to spend the time & ? mess ? to oil this prior to installation & use .
 Came in quickly and can tell a difference from the paper stock air filter . Just make sure you read the instructions when putting it on your bike .
 Good fit , really did not notice any increase of power . The filter on a conours 14 '08 is on the left side . Remove left plastic and electronic relay bracket , lift rubber flap on frame just below the fuel tank and there it is . good luck !
 I replace my old air filter with this new KN&N filter and the bike can breath a lot better . The bike responds is a lot quicker and it does n't hesitate to accelerated
 Got the oil filter and air filter to my door cheaper than just buying the air filter anywhere in Canada . Retailers here often charge two or three times as much for the same part . I did have to cut about 3/8 '' off the little tab for a perfect fit on the KLR650 2011 . But that is normal for these things .
 Throttle response fantastic major improvement over stock I have k & n ; air filters on everything withK & n ; you ca n't go wrong I recommend this product a + +
 I bought this for my 05 R6 basically hoping to pickup some performance over the washable OEM in the 05 . The best thing about this filter is the fact that it replaces the crappy OEM O-rings and the plastic separator in the air box . The fit is tight , simple , and secure which is important on any Ram Air system . Basically this system seals much better than the OEM so the risks of loosing some air force is reduced . The bike seems like it has more torque , but that is n't dyno proven my me . All in all I debated whether to buy this , and I 'm glad I did .
 was on time package good it was as discribed in add it was beautiful i was very pleased with is product
 Great price and excellent shipping ... arrived on time and very happy with the fit/install on my son 's Polaris 300 . It was easy enough that he helped out . Good times
 This k & n filter fit my klr 650 like a charm also made my exhaust sound deeper and a lil more hp would recommend it easy install less than 5 min !
 2010 Honda Goldwing very good price for a performance filter that can be washed and reused . Plus I believe that K&N filters flow more air .
 Fit just right and got better gas mileage . Easy to in stall and maintain . Now if I could find a cheeper exhust system .
 K&N filters are rated # 1 for a reason . My mechanic recommends and uses them in his own vehicles . Will find filters that fit my truck .
 Better Airflow and nice intake sound make this a definite add to my Concours . I will add a fuel controller and new exhaust and it will increase power and MPG ...
 I have K&N filters installed on all my vehicles . The increased horse power may not be noticeble in some cases , but at least you can save a few bucks on replacing the paper filters every once in a while .
 Bike runs normal before was too rich , even the choke works wheer before the chock would kill the bikei have better millage as well
 product fit and performed as expected and price was also good.I replaced the oem filter with this one and rejetted carbuerator which was neccessary . bike has more power in high gear .
 Excellent filter . The installation instructions could have been a little clearer . Would definitely recommend for anyone looking to replace their original filter .
 Purchased for my Yamaha Stratoliner , and it is a perfect replacement at a great price . I would recommend this to anyone that needs same item .
 This review is not so much about the product but about Amazon . I was amazed to find the motorcycle parts I needed through Amazon . It has truly become my one stop shopping place online . The price was the best I could find and the delivery was as they stated . The product is something I was already familiar with and the quality is excellent . I truly do not have to shop around just enter it in the search no matter how obscure the product you are looking for .
 This filter fit my stock air box fine . I do not know about any real horsepower gains . It will be interesting to dyno the bike to see if it made any measurable improvement .
 I replaced my old stock air Fiters in my 2004 Suzuki Marauder VZ800 to Increased the horsepower & performance . I felt the a major in incress Increase in power
 What can i say , you ca n't go wrong with K&N ... fits great and works great . Cheaper than always buying paper filters
 On a recent dualsport ride on my BMW R11550GS , I filled my airbox with dirty water during a water crossing . The snorkle shot enough water at the paper airfilter to push it out of the way and allow the airbox to fill with dirty water . I drained the airbox a few miles later , but obviously the wimpy OEM paper filter needed to go . The K&N is much more robust than the OEM filter and made of material that should resist water much better than paper . Time to go back to the dirt for more creek crossings !
 Recently purchased a 2007 Yamaha FZ6 with 10K on it . Previous owner used it as a commuter , as am I. Regular maintenance schedule said to replace the air filter so I looked and found the K&N on Amazon for less than the OEM filter . Drops in easily and improved performance and throttle response is definitely noticeable . Would absolutely recommend this item . Ride On !
 K&N products have been for me really great to have on your bikes . I ordered this K&N for my boulevard . Instantly increased my horsepower . Still waiting to see how much more my fuel mileage is . Got instant response of my motor . I love the fact all I have to do is clean my filter and it 's good to go . This is not a filter you throw away . Totally servicable and washable . Took only 5 minutes to put on my bike if that .
 The K&N Filter works great on my 04 Yamaha Warrior 350 , I can feel the difference on the power band
 What should have been 30 min in and out to pop this filter in was turned into several hours chasing tools , measuring , and trimming it to fit . After fitting it , the product is just what you 'd expect from K&N. ; But , out of the box this filter is 1/16 '' too wide and 3/16 '' too long . The filter is like a top hat . In the image you are looking at the what I 'll call the top with the K&N ; logo . The bottom edge/brim is a flange that sits on a narrow lip of the airbox . Out of the box , the flange of the K&N ; will not seat properly and seal on the lip of the airbox.Taking the stock filter and placing it flange to flange with the K&N ; and aligning one of the long ends yields the measurements above . I took a razor blade and scored a guide line to follow for material removal.The flange material is a durable plastic about 1/8th inch thick . I chose not to try cutting it . A buddy had a deburring bit for a drill . The bit is conic , about 2 '' long , and the rasp is not particularly aggressive probably designed for hardened steel . -LRB- I need to find one of these for myself -RRB- Note
 it really made a difference in power and no more backfiring , works great last a life time with proper maintenance
 i first tried to save a few dollars buying a competitors air filter ; not a good idea ! fitment was a problem ; so i had to return the product and wait of course a couple weeks for co -LSB- bike bandit -RSB- to receive the filter/log it in/inspect it/and then send my purchase back to credit card / -LSB- 2 -RSB- weeks ! i purchased a k & n filter from AMAZON ; received it , installed it be-fore -LSB- bike bandit ever acknowledged receiving the other one ! SO ; BUY A NAME BRAND PRODUCT -LSB- QUALITY !!!!! -RSB- from someone who ships their product immediately ! MY MISTAKE SHOULD BE YOUR BLESSING !
 I bought this for my 1996 Kawasaki Ninja ZX600R 1 year ago had no problem installing item and most of all I did not have to re-jet the carbs . Look out and hold on !!!! That is how much of a difference this filter makes !!!!!
 Excellent product for your bike . It makes such a difference in the breathing of the bike , the minute I started it up I could hear and feel the difference . No longer sluggish when we give it gas at a low RPM . Excellent price too !
 Arrived in perfect condition , you can definitely feel the difference from the OEM filter . 1000 % recommended .
 K&N is the best , I use them in all my toys . Economical over the long haul , maximum protection from dirt , especially here in Arizona where its always dusty and dry . Got ta have an air filter so might as well get the best ...
 I use K&N air filters on all my vehicles , to include my FJR1300 . All have offered better performance than the stock filters . I must say that they MUST be maintained properly to get optimal performance , and not damage intake components . Most folks over oil these filters or do not clean them properly . If the manufacture 's instructions are followed , you 'll get great performance and long-life with these filters .
 More Power , Better sound and washable . A little bit expensive but all good things are this way
 Filter was made very good ... i felt the difference in my quad right away ... easy cleaning ... and it seemed to let the quad breath alot better .
 I have K&N filters on many of my vehicles and as always it 's a perfect fit and breathes better than anything else .
 Time to replace the air filter for my cycle so I decided to try online instead of dealer and picked this high performance air filter . Shipment was very fast . Very easy to install . I would recommend this product and this Seller .
 The K&N Replacement Filter for the Road Star is a medium difficulty shade tree mechanic task . I call it medium only because the Road Star 's filter box is not the easiest to remove and most people will need a long-nose plier to get the breather hose off the back of the filter box . The K&N filter has well over twice the `` breathable '' surface area of the stock Yamaha filter and the oiled fabric of the K&N flows a lot more air per square inch than the stock paper filter . The difference is immediately noticeable at idle - the bike no longer feels like it 's gasping for breath as it idles . The difference is even more noticeable when riding - the bike pulls harder and smoother from idle all the way through the power band , accelerates more crisply , and does n't surge like the stock filter did . For riders who keep the stock exhaust or go with a moderately higher flow after-market system , the K&N Replacement Filter offers all the air flow needed . I 've used K&N for years and will always replace the stock air filter with a K&N when one is available .
 Works great on my 2007 Honda Sabre ; I did a holesaw mod upto the cat on my stock pipes ; dropped this in & WOW ! RUMBLE & POWER . May need to adjust fuel mixture now or rejet .
 Got exactly what I asked for , in new , off the shelf condition in a reasonable amount of time . I would definately reccomend this vendor .
 it 's for my 2000 ZX7R - came in within 3 days after i ordered , free shipping . item fits perfect in the air box housing . i did notice the difference on response and sound . mileage improvement , if there are any , is not on the list of reasons why i bought this . let 's put it this way , i drive/commute approx 54 miles -LRB- 1 way -RRB- with a lifted 88 suburban before i got the bike , i was happy i got this crotch rocket . engine vibration seems to be less , slight difference but enough for me to notice . i would recommend this product , better yet , K&N ; products to all riders and divers out there.safe riding ladies and gents - GO ARMY !!
 fast delivery - works well - i am very happy with the product - would reccomend for atvs - preforms much better than stock
 The fit was perfect . Instalation was easy with the included parts . As far as prefomance it seems to have lmproved the performanceof the motorcycle .
 I recieved my k & n filter in a short amount of time . The filter has giving my bike better gas milage and more power . Very pleased !
 K&N is the only way to go . Wash it after every couple of rides . It will last a super long time and keep your bike running like a champ .
 Product was well packaged and all parts needed for install . The only thing is they packaged the wrong instructions for installation . K&N has a great website that allows the buyer to download the instructions . They thought of everything for you to install , such as longer screws , hose etc. . Fit perfect .
 What I like about this filter besides the added performance is the fact that it is reusable . That means you never have to buy another filter again . It is also covered by K&N ; 1 million mile warranty . I would suggest going on K&N ; website and filling out the warranty form -LRB- left side on their site close to the bottom click on warranty then scroll down to the bottom and click on the form link -RRB- just in-case you might want to be covered by the warranty . They suggest cleaning the filter every 50k miles that also depends on your driving conditions . I useK & N ; 99-5050 Filter Care Service Kit - Squeezeto clean my filter .
 I ordered the K&N PL-1003 Air Filter for my 2012 Polaris Sportsman 500 H.O. Shipping was quick , and packaging was adequate . I hate paper filters and have been trusting K&N for years . This product will not disappoint . I am very pleased with this product .
 Love the K&N air filters . ca n't beat them for the price a lifetime filter.I have them in all my vehicles .
 All right , Adjust well on the bike , however I think the original has a best presentation and even better fit , I should clarify that there is nothing wrong with this device and it is too early to assess its performance , is currently installed and working well in general I have no complaints .
 This is a first step toward stage 1 along with a slipon pipe . Consider going to the barons or patrick racing air intake mods for the Strat/RL/Warrior .
 The product description was accurate . Everything I hoped it would be . Install was easy and it fit like a glove . I can definitely feel a increase in performance . There 's no going wrong with this air filter .
 My motorcycle is a California Highway Police Interceptor -LRB- 2003 Honda ST1100P3 -RRB- . It has a high performance engine and an assortment of beefed-up components for Police Service . This air cleaner is a custom engineered replacement for the factory part . It delivers a high volume of filtered air to the fast revving engine . On top of that you can clean and service the filter ; it so you only need to buy it once . The supplier I located using Amazon provided the best price by a large margin and excellent shipping .
 The stock filter on my Kawasaki is a lifetime filter , but at 16 or 17 years old the plastic frame cracked . This filter was not much more than buying a regular aftermarket filter with shipping and has an easier cleaning process . Well maybe the cleaning process is not easier , but the K&N ; process is well defined with the cleaning fluid and refreshing oil . A cleaning kit adds to the cost , but then it can be used on any K&N ; filter.A plus with Amazon , shipping is fast , while I 've had to wait over a week for parts from an online motorcycle parts retailer .
 Got my filter really quickly . Does not come with the oil that you need to put on the filter , and i didnt see that on the listing . Fortunately , my dad had some extra in his garage . Fit perfectly on my bike , took only 5 minutes to replace the old one and now my bike is running great and able to breath . Filter is much better than the OEM filter that the bike came with .
 Not much issues were felt without tuning but definitely can feel the bike breathing more . Maybe tuning is next to fully maximize this mod but for something I 'll never have to replace and just clean , its great .
 Not too noticeable on a street bike , but now I have more air and clean air going in . Move tank for install .
 I 'm really happy with this purchase first because here in Brazil special parts are really difficult to find at the local retailers and the K&N ; air filter was rated way more expensive to be bought by the internet at Brazilian sites!I 'm completely satisfied with the agility and the care by the Amazon.com . Thanks to you the part arrived fast and unviolated . It feels good buying from Amazon !
 Noticed the performance difference . Floppy rubber replaces rigid plastic oem filter and seals air box . A must have for performance .
 Since replacing the factory air filers on the 2005 Yamaha Midnight Warrior 1700 with these , I have noticed a marked improvement in throttle response and fuel economy . No regrets .
 Definitely noticed an increase in power ... great product and I would definitely recommend to Honda riders ... shadow sabre . Get the recharge kit !
 Love my new K&N filter ! Very simple to install noticible performance increase . Very fast shipment . Satisfied with this product and service all around . Thanks !
 ive gotten one for my car and i didnt feel the difference.i put this one in my 2008 sportsman 500 HO and it digs off the line noticeably faster.i got it so i dont have to buy a new filter every so often , now i have the one and only one ill ever need for the lifetime of the bike and you should too
 Expensive ! That 's what a lot of people say about K&N ; filters . However , they are typically less than the cost of two OEM filters , which are not reusable . So in the long run , you can -LRB- and do -RRB- save money . However , this particular filter -LRB- BM-1205 -RRB- is no longer used in current vehicle production , so I was able to get it less than half of what it normally costs.Also , K&N ; gets a lot of criticism for `` letting in dirt '' and for `` messing up MAF 's '' . If you use it and reoil it right , it performs just as well as an OEM filter . Its when you over oil it that you start messing up MAF 's and when you do n't do any maintenance on it is when it starts letting dirt through . I 've used them in many of my vehicles over the years and have never had a problem . MY UOA 's -LRB- used oil analysis -RRB- have come out clean over the years I 've used this with minimal silicon being reported -LRB- silicon = dirt -RRB- . Also , even though many report having an increase in power/torque/MPG 's , I have not . So do n't expect to , either . But you will save some money in the long run if you intend to keep your vehicle and you service this filter as recommended .
 This filter is a direct replacement for an '05 BMW K1200R air filter , part number 13717372602 . If you check on the parts match it will tell you that it will not fit . This is not the case . Go to the K&N filter cross reference site and you will find that it does indeed fit . And by the way , there is some power gain with this filter and you will be able to hear your intake , provided you have stock exhaust . This filter will not `` seal off '' if you ride in the rain , which I do frequently . Happy riding .
 I have an '08 Polaris Sportsman 800 , which by itself is not a slow machine . Once I added this filter as a replacement for the original , however , it was a whole different ballgame . I immediately notice the boost to acceleration and pickup from the motor , and as someone who rides mostly off-road in the desert I 'm sure I 'm adding longevity to the bike as well . Simple install ; fits directly in place of the stock filter . A very inexpensive way to grab a few more horses .
 K&N filter are the great and worth every cent and Amazon had the best price . I pick up 2 more miles per gallon after I installed it and I opened up the air box a little also .
 K&N filter are without a doubt the finest filters for the money . Super easy to install and this filter has both increased my gas milage on my bike but most importantly it increased my horsepower . I did n't know that my bike was so responsive until l installed this filter . Worth the money !!!!!
 Great system , I have K&N in all of my vehicles but it is a pain to install on the klr 650 . it 's difficult to get the screw to line up in the little space that you have but still delivers the quality that i expected . better throttle response and a slight power increase .
 we ordered this abut a week ago arrived precisely when they said it would but not without its issues we did have some problems with shipping but with working with amazon it was quickly resolvedBut onto the good part after receiving the filters of course my husband wanted to put them on immediately in taking the bike apart you have to know what you are doing its a little hard to get to the filters a little work is involved but anything worth doing is worth doing right once the filtrers were in -LRB- by the way the instructions are very easy to see and read pictures are great -RRB- the bike instantly ran better the performance was signifacant i really love this product would recommend to anyone
 I 've used K&N filters in all my vehicles for years , and when my 2005 Yamaha FZ6 needed a new filter , I did n't hesitate . Install is easy , although it can get a bit messy with the oil spray and having to get in under the gas tank . As usual , performance is improved a bit thru better air flow vs the stock filter , and the sound is great -- a nice &#34; whoooooosh &#34; when I twist the throttle . I highly recommend K&N air and oil filters to everyone .
 It took a minute to swap out this air filter on my 2006 Suzuki 700Kingquad . I noticed an immediate difference ... The idle was improved , the accelaration was improved , and no hiccups like I was experiencing with the stock paper filters . So far , so good . K&N products are well worth the money .
 exactly what i asked for , good timing also , had absolutely no problems at all , will deal again when looking for more stuff
 Absolutely perfect experiance . Great quality product that is well packaged and has all required directions in package . Love it love it !
 I bought this K&N air filter for my 2007 KLX 250s Dual Sport . It was a little tricky getting it to fit because the outer cap bottoms out on the inside of the air-box . Also had to file down the threads on the wing-nut bolt just a little bit so the filter would seat good . Once I got it in there , I could immediately tell a difference in the increase of power . I would definitely recommend this product for the 2007 Kawasaki KLX 250s .
 K&N ; makes a better air filter than anything the factory will include on their bikes.It 's part of the upgrades I did to my stock Vstar 650 . Also use a quality synthetic oil , iridium plugs and Lucas top lube in the gas .
 I noticed no real horsepower gain , however I have no dynometer to prove otherwise . This filter fits in the stock location of my '95 Magna with no problems and is a good stock replacement.As a sidenote , I ca n't believe Honda designed this filter . It would be cheaper to simply have a removable element , instead of having to buy this custom shaped plastic piece . I miss the good old days when the filter was under the seat and took 5 minutes to change .
 This is my first experience with a K&N air filter ; I installed it in my 2001 model BMW F650GS motorcycle . I noticed an immediate gain in horsepower - the acceleration is significantly better than before . I have n't had a chance to find out fuel mileage gains , but that 's coming next . So far I 'll say this was money well spent .
 I like the product , but looking at how long it takes to ship it out is just way too long . I paid 10 dollars more for one just to get it in a week . Great if you 're not in any hurry for it .
 In the words of Dr. Frankenstein , `` it 's alive '' !!!! I feel as if my bike just literally came alive . It 's a 2011 Hayabusa with 638 miles . It was rediculous before but felt slightly held back like it was n't breathing correctly and had a slight backfire . After exchanging the air filter , adding Castrol Power 4 RS racing 10w40 full synthetic and a K&N ; oil filter , the bike came alive . It 's fine now ! I can feel it in the trottle.Shipping was really fast !!
 K&N has always been very reliable for me , I use them in all my toys . Economical over the long haul , maximum protection from dirt , especially here in Arizona where its always dusty and dry . Got ta have an air filter so might as well get the best ...
 This replacement air filter is a less expensive alternative to the factory filters but it does not easily fit ; it can be made to fit but does take some doing .
 this filters are very good you can see , fill the performance change instantlymy bike performs better and sounds betterall i can say is it is a good inbestment
 I have used k & n filters for many years now and the quality and ease of installation has n't let me down yet . The installation took about 30 mins and it fit perfectly . I would recommend this filter for anyone who wants a quality filter that will last for the life of their motorcycle . Just do n't forget to clean the filter periodically with k & n filter cleaner and oil .
 It 's the last Air Filter you will have to buy for your Motorcycle . Easy instructions for install and maintenance.After install I can feel an increase in power and I can see greater MPG .
 K&N has one of the best products available . There is no surprises with this filter either . It fits , it works better & it will not need replacing . I have K&N air filters in all my vehicles ; and my garage and my driveway are full . OK , so I am tag renewel poor , but I wo n't have to buy paper air filters . If you keep your wheels for decades and travel miles into the 100K 's like I do , it is worth it ; if not only for the enhanced performance .
 I get the k & n filter on amazon for a gsxr 1000 and the bike just sounds great with it and the best thing this filter is for life !
 No problems installing on a late model -LRB- 95 -RRB- Suzuki GS 500 I bought . You need to remove the gas tank and hold it to the side , it 's good to have 2 people for this job . It took me a little time aligning / putting tank back on but not to bad , it 's best if you do n't have a lot of gas in the tank . You can do this job yourself fairly easily/quickly without much experience , there is a video on Y.T , a guy doing this GS 500 air filter job solo.Runs / starts much better , the existing air filter needed to be replaced , so I paid a few bucks more and got a K&N. ; Actually , this filter at the time was around $ 25 less on this site then the local M.C. store . This is the 3rd K&N ; product I 've used , my car has a K&N ; FIPK cold air intake . I 've never had any issues with their filters/intakes .
 I do n't usually write reviews , but this one is deserving.The stock filter has foam around the periphery to seal it . The K&N ; filter uses a rubber wedge / protrusion , and fit very tight in the slot . Definitely use the supplied lube to install it . Seals really well.Also noticed the engine vibrations decreased slightly with my 2010 . Vibs from the handlebars when cruising in 6th gear at 60 MPH dropped . Now I do n't feel that level of vibration unless I drop to 4th gear at that speed . Sweet ! Also , the sale price was only $ 11 more than a replacement stock filter , and this one is a lifetime filter!Shipping was super fast too . I ordered it on a Friday with the 5 to 8 day free shipping option , and received it on Monday -LRB- 3 days later -RRB- . Very happy with this purchase . Even posted about it on two major forums , and dozens of members bought them -LRB- Hey , maybe I get a commission here :-RRB- -RRB- .
 I always purchase K&N air filters for every vehicle I own , I did n't know that Amazon had the best price for them . I will definitely be using Amazon to purchase all my K&N stuff in the future .
 When buying K&N ; filters , you can not go wrong . Add the excellent Amazon 's prices , fast delivery and you get an unbeatable deal.Very happy with the purchase .
 I went wit a K & N because of their ridiculous million mile gaurantee . I live in the desert so air filters get real dirty , real fast and I figure the $ 77.00 price was less than what I would be spending on lower quality air filters . I did extensive web searching , for a lower price , could not find it cheaper anywhere , $ 107.00 was about the average everywhere else .
 I put this little magic air filter in my Vulcan 800 Classic and I was stupified . I used to shift into second at 20-25 , now its 35 . This mystical device gave it a very noticeable acceleration boost and even made my pipes louder , ca n't wait to see a mpg gain . Are these made by elves ?
 This was a direct replacement for my worn hoses on my 2003 Liberty Limited . Install went great . No complaints .
 I received these bar only three days after my order date . They looked great , i was a little leary on the price . . Bought em any how and was not disappointed . Nice One inch Sixteen inch rise Apes !
 This steering wheel cover fit & matched perfectly , and was easy to sew up with prepunched holes in it . I would have given 5 stars because it is a good quality wheel cover but $ 10 to ship was a little steep for a $ 40 item on Amazon ? I use Amazon because they usually include free shipping , but this item is not sold by Amazon.Still it is a nice product even with the overpriced shipping .
 I used the very excelent Sea Foam motor treatment to clean the carbs on a very rough sounding motorcycle after being stored for the winter . Biased on my success with that product I decided to give this penetrating fluid product a try . In the past I have used many types of fluids that claim to help break up rust and grime that keep bolts from coming lose . Most are junk for a number of reasons but Deep Creep seems to work.Deep Creed claims to be paint safe , working around cars this can be very important . I tested this and those claims seem to be true -LRB- be sure to test for yourself before going crazy -RRB- . Next up is that the product foams and seems to stay mostly where you spray it . Light fluid sprays like WD40 just seem to run but Deep Creep clings much better for a few seconds until the foam slowly turns to liquid . I would say the foaming is much like the old Break Free products . So for a large area Deep Creep would not be my first choice but for stubborn bolts and such it works perfectly.My first test of this product was some stubborn bolt/screw combo heads used to hold a license plate on the back of my wife 's car , your standard SUV that has been covered in salt and grime for years without ever removing the plates . The bolts were of course cheep and started to strip as soon as they saw a screwdriver . More then that , getting behind the bolts would be hard because they had a wide head and the way the plate rested inset into a decorative bracket directly against the SUV . Basically the rusted bolts were half striped , hard to reach , and right next to surfaces I did n't want to damage . A quick squirt of this product with 5 mins of waiting and the bolts came right out , no problem . The foam quality really helped get behind the bolt and license plate to reach the body panel insert where the bolt connected.This is the best thing I have ever used to tackle rusted bolts and worth giving a try .
 I cleaned out the rear end of my truck and needed to really get it clean and the guys told me of the automotive store that this stuff really works and it does but boy does it smell and talk about chemicals WOW but of course use common sense use it outside and do not wallow in it use it and get it done because man this stuff is worse than methylene chloride .
 Product is great for boat , regular seafoam to pour in tank to keep gas fresh . Deep creep is great for fogging motors for storage . Pull plugs spray some through holes , advance the throttle to open butterflys spray some through . Now pull landyard switch to deactivate electrical in motor and turn fly wheel clockwise either by hand or hit starter . Failing to do this can ruin rectifier + cdi and other parts so if in doubt ground out each plug to block . Put plugs back in and should be ready for next season . Also you can drain carbs of gas , spray product through needles you remove and or floats . Now your rings and pistons are protected and might even loosen up any carbon buildup .
 My vehicle was running very badly due to water in the gas , I think . I went to the parts store and asked for the best fuel treatment . He recommended SEA FOAM . It is NOT cheap , but it sure made my vehicle run better -- so I ordered a case through an Amazon partner . I do not plan to run out any time soon .
 Best price I 've found for this filter . It does not come with extra screens though . I have to write more words to post this review . How stupid . Is that enough ?
 Wish this was metal and not plastic but nobody carries this in a metal . Still it was a good deal and fast delivery and it does work fine .
 I 've used the Stant line years ago when gas prices were high enough that people were stealing gas . Since I have two vehichles without a locking panel over the fill cap , I picked up a couple of these . They fit and work well , but sometimes they do n't lock , making it critical to check it every time .
 Arrived properly packaged and fully functional . Fits like a glove , works well.I also purchased a p/n 10508 for another vehicle and it too works well etc. . However , I ca n't remember which one , but one of them did n't have written instructions on how to unlock the cap . I fought with it for a day until I received the other cap . That cap came with written instructions printed on the cap . What a relief to finally understand how they both work.Here is how they work . UNLOCK
 This product is wonderful . Both me and my wife got these after the sketchy neighborhood people were taking our gas , we have had them in both of our grand prix 's about 6 months ago and they have worked great .
 Fits a 2000 Blazer . I needed a replacement cap after the check engine light came on again after being robbed , erm , getting gas . The caps the smog check people keep selling me after failing me for cracked seals in the cap just do n't seem to hold up . How odd.The key and locking mechanism are a little annoying to use . They 're like oil and vinegar . But once you 're done struggling to unlock it , you can remove the key as the cap self-locks once you click it into place . I 've had it for about two months and all seems well . I 'm going to buy another just in case they tell me this one is cracked too .
 this locking cap works perfectly for 2002 buick lesabre ... no problems with check engine lite ... buy this for buick lesabrewith confidence ...
 I purchased locking gas caps for all the cars in my family -LRB- 5 -RRB- . Due the the high cost of gas now , we have had neighbors who had gas stolen out of their cars . If a thief tries to steal from any of our cars , it would take more effort than its worth to get to ours . I would suggest buying these because they are a very good cap and a great value .
 During this economy with soaring fuel prices we decided we needed to have locking gas caps on our vehicles ... These are just what the doctor ordered !
 Stant - BEST CAP CO IN THE WORLD -- but buy it elsewhere -- i am now an Amazon Hater - so get it elsewhere - my opinion
 Bought the product and had the mechanic install it . Did n't hear that there were any issues . Everything is running fine .
 Excellent protection . Blends in great with the current rugand upholstery . Should have purchased a long time ago.Well worth the price !
 Gates makes a good product and i have used them in the past . When i entered the vehicle it said that it did n't fit so i went on the gates site and ordered the hoses and they do fit my vehicle . The gates hoses are high quality at a cheaper price so if i can save a few dollars it 's worth the time .
 I stuff the hitch/ball assembly into this and it helps keep it from rattling around under the seat in my truck . Also keeps rust & dust contained in the bag . Handy to have .
 Based upon test results , number of pleats , filter life and efficiency , I refuse to use any other filter for my LB7 Duramax Diesel engine . Oil change places always offer to replace my filter , but when I say , `` Lay your filter next to mine and if it has the same pleat count and epoxy reinforcement strips , I 'll buy it . '' So far , none have been able to match the ACDelco !
 I bought this for my 2003 Infiniti FX45.The quality is amazing and it fits like OEM.Arrived quickly with PRIME and I will be using this exclusively when they need changing .
 It 's an oil cap . What is there to review ? You screw it on , it seals the oil in ... pretty simple and the inventor is a genius , not to mention pretty rich too lol
 The car cover fitted our Porsche perfectly . I wish they included a cable that would fit under the car so that I can secure it with a lock . Other than that , I am satisfied .
 This product is very well made BUT I found out that even if it looks like all you get all seat covers you DO NOT -LRB- maybe my own bad -RRB- I thoughtI would receive covers for all 4 ! - No I got only the real covers - True I should of saw where it said Custom seat cover NOT covers ! So I will say thisReview is only to help others who may make the same error I have - The product as I said is very nice BUT I did n't want to spend 400 $ just yet , IReturned the item under reason - item received was not as shown as on website as the image shows ALL seats - Please understand Im not saying theseAre not a good product Im just saying be aware you only get the one - Very confusing to shop this item !! MichaelHope this was of some help
 I was a little leary about ordering motorcycle parts on Amazon but the price was too tempting . They arrived on time and installed in about an hour . I have had ZERO problems and the make my 07 Road King look and sound great !!!!
 Borla 140035 Cat-Back installed on a 2003 Mini Cooper S John Cooper Works . This exhaust arrived in just a few days and was well packaged.Install was easy . Once the old exhaust is off install the Borla , but do n't tighten the clamps at that time . This will allow you adjust the exhaust for a perfect fit . Start at the tailpipe and tighten you clamps and work forward . From start to finish it took me two hours.The sound is perfect . At idle it 's not much louder than the factory exhaust , but once you put your foot into it this exhaust comes alive . This is how Coopers should sound .
 Hi i got this item and it came wirh fast shipping and instructions on how to install it . Very helpful great ptoduct and am happy with it . Thank you very much .
 I received the wrong hose , which was way too short , and of course I did n't find this out until I already drained the coolant and had the old hose off . Amazon allowed me to return the product even after the 30 day return period . I did n't want to chance it again so I took my old hose to the local auto parts store to physically match the size and picked up the Gates brand there.The hose fits great and does what it 's supposed to do . I 'm only knocking off a star for getting the wrong one from Amazon .
 I have these floor mats and ue them in my GMC pick up . This is the second set in this vehicle and the only floor mats that hold up to the abuse I dish out - - truck has 330,000 + miles on it . These are the toughest floor mats you find and will hold the entire contents of a 44 oz . drink when spilled on the floor .
 The Power Stop right brake rotor is installed on a 1999 Jeep Cherokee and has performed well !
 Best deep-ridges winter mat I could find at a reasonable price , Had to do a little snipping to fit great , and now it does . May want to find a way to prevent these from moving , like velcro , sticky spray , or another method .
 Kudos to the guys that helped me purchase this part . I had been through many local parts stores and everyone had me waiting many days or weeks even and alot more pricey . I will definitely go to these guys again and I highly recommend them !
 This is the real deal AC Delco brand that GM uses . It went on my Trailblazer and is working just fine . Coming back for another one when the time is due
 It 's factory orginal equipment . Works and fits well with vehicles requiring that type of filter .
 works as advertised . best part is the dimunitive size that allows locks to be installed under hubcap on my f150 . cap snaps over wheel hub w/o difficulty as if all 5 original lugnuts were used . stealth security .
 This is the first water based degreaser that I have tried that actually worked . Used in a parts washer and it cleaned built up caked on grease with very little brushing . It does not work as well or as fast as petroleum based solvents but cleans far better than several other water based brands I have tried . Let the parts soak for a while and direct the flow of the parts washer over the part to be cleaned . The flow and agitation seem to really improve the cleaning action of the product .
 These floor mats are very durable and fit perfectly in our truck . Living in back country with the mud and snow they have held up perfectly . Would recommend to everyone .
 i oreded this item and it was shipped out the same day and shipped over 400 miles and got to me the next day . never happened before im gon na buy from them every chance i can .
 I bought this little toy at a local auto mart and it has saved the day . It holds the charge for weeks and has never failed me in jumpstarting a car . I leave it in my wife 's car during the winter months in case her battery does n't start and it works great.Definitely a high recommendation .
 I purchased one of these about 7 years ago from Sears and I had excellent service until last spring when it finally gave up the ghost . I recently bought another exactly like it from Amazon for about $ 15.00 less than I paid back in 2000 . For this price I can not think of anything to complain about especially if I get another 6 + years from this one.I generally use it to start my lawn tractor but in a pinch I have used it to start car and truck engines as well -LRB- 4,6 & 8 cylinder -RRB- . If I had one complaint it would be that the cables are very short , making it somewhat difficult to jump batteries that are in an awkward spot . Otherwise at $ 21.88 -LRB- free s/h -RRB- I 'd be nuts to whine .
 This charger has been great to use for jump starting the car and even using my cell phone when no other power was available . the charger does need a supply cable to recharge the system , but other than that I am impressed with the quality and capability .
 My `` trusty '' Ford Escort experienced cold shock when moved from TX to PA in December . It needed to be jump started -- the jump starter has been extremely easy and effective to use .
 I have this for sometime , never had to use it yet but it 's nice to know that it is there charged and ready to go .
 great item at a great price ... I bought two for a bit more than one at local stores ...
 Despite its size , this product works wonderfully ! I have already used it multiple times to start my SUV on days when the weather has dipped below zero , and it 's worked every time.I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a reasonably priced Jump Starter .
 I 've had this little jumper battery for 5 + years , and it has always come through for me . In fact , I helped someone start a car that was in storage for months just two days ago.I 've gotten an average of 3-4 jumps before even thinking I needed to charge it . You can also just leave it attached to the car for a few minutes after it 's started the car to get a booster charge . I 've also plugged an aircompressor in and inflated a 33 inch monster truck tire from completely flat ! I use this battery regularly , and maybe that 's why mine still works -- I charge it often . I have a very slow tire leak on another car , so I pump the tire back up every three weeks or so , and when the power goes out in the house , I can still charge my cell phone through the cigarette lighter socket , and also plug in a utility light and get several hours of light until the house power comes back on.I suspect those who had problems with these did not heed the instructions carefully
 Great starter . Cables could be a little longer , but that does n't warrant a lower rating IMO . The fully charged jump starter will maintain its charge for 2 months I believe . The build quality is bulletproof . Ideal for those with an annoying drain -LRB- trunk light , amplifier , etc -RRB- after the car has been shut off . Ideal for the slightly forgetful :--RRB- Just plug the little guy up to the home socket , leave it overnight and there 's your insurance for the next couple months !
 This Mity-Mite has saved me more than once since I bought it . It is small and compact and can be kept in the trunk . It recharges using an extenstion cord so theres no transformer to store or lose . It would make a great gift for Mother , Sister , Girlfriend or anyone who does n't want to be stranded with a dead battery . I have given several as gifts myself to both men and women . It 's 12v power can also be used when camping to run air pumps or recharge a cell phone when you do n't want to run you car battery down . It 's a great product !!!
 I 've been using a Mity-Mite for three years and have never had a problem until now . It wo n't charge . I 've used it to jump my Toyota Tundra -LRB- V8 -RRB- and Honda Civic when the batteries were deader than rocks . I 've also jumped my riding mower , which is an accomplishment in itself since the stupid seat has to be down -LRB- on top of the battery - jumpers and all -RRB- to get it to start . Hopefully , my next Mity-Mite will work as well . I wish it had an attachment to blow up tires .
 This is such a handy little product to keep in the car , just in case your battery dies . It weighs about 5-7 lbs and is very easy to use .
 Want to feel like a superhero ? Keep one of these devices in your trunk . The next time you see someone stranded at the trailhead or in the mall parking lot with a dead battery , waiting for dad or hubby or AAA , you 'll make their day . Pop the hood , connect the cables , crank the key , unhook the cables , and they 're on their way . The whole thing takes less than a minute . If you 're the dad or hubby who 's always running out to the rescue , this handy piece of equipment will make your job a lot easier . And if you 're the one who 's found himself stranded , here 's a simple , self-sufficient solution to keep it from ever happening again.The local auto parts places often advertise similar no-name units for lower prices . They 're usually bright yellow . I 've owned a couple , and have had mixed results . The power switch broke on one the first time I used it , and the battery would n't hold a charge either . What 's more frustrating than pulling out a portable jump-starter to rescue someone with a dead battery and discovering that the jump-starter also has a dead battery ? The other `` no-name '' model I bought is still working well , but a 50 % success rate is n't anything to brag about . You can look at the reviews for similar units sold here on the site and see what I mean.I grabbed this model because Schumacher is a well-established brand much less likely to sell no-name poorly-made junk . It seems well-built , is very compact , and has n't given me any problems yet.I 'm surprised more small businesses do n't own these . If I owned a bar , restaurant , or retail store , I 'd keep one of these charged and ready behind the counter -- think of the goodwill they could generate.One disadvantage to this unit
 This device has saved my old car from a non-start once , and given me peace of mind continuously since I purchased it.One note
 Did a good job , but initial charging took a while . Instructions said to charge it over night but it never switched from `` charging '' to `` charged '' . After 24 hours , I gave up and used it anyway , no problem . Cables are a bit short -LRB- 1 ft long -RRB- but I had no trouble connecting them to the battery and car . Car started just fine . A couple things to note , although other jump starters may be the same
 PROS
 It is now 2012 and I purchased the product in 2007 . It is still going strong . For the price it is a great product.I received it , charged it up , and went out and used it to crank up my lawnmower that had been sitting up all winter . She cranked right up . A friend borrowed it to crank up his KIA . The battery was dead . The KIA cranked right up without any problems . Excellent.The only draw back is that the positive and negative leads are very short -LRB- thus , 4 stars -RRB- . When I jump a car battery I like to hook the negative lead up away from the battery to avoid spraks and a possible explosion from battery fumes . -LRB- It happens and a battery post flying through the air can mess up your day . -RRB- This ca n't be done with the Mity-Mite because -LRB- again -RRB- the leads are too short.For the price this product is an excellent value . It does what it says it will do . Apart from the short leads , what more could you ask for ?
 I purchased a set of 4 Lloyd Lux Mats . The mats fit far better than the Cadillac OEM mats and were beyond my expectations . A problem developed with the mats and Lloyd went above and beyond to rectify the situation . Excellent company and excellent products .
 Get this with the front floor liners . Great fit ! A lot of autos have cup holder in this area ! You will spill something . Also lay center hump liner over front floor liner to help catch spills .
 Good product , not made in the USA , but ... it solved our issue . These are difficult to replace on the Jeep 6 cylinder engines .
 Bought six wipers for two cars -LRB- windshield and back window -RRB- . They were all different sizes . Have trouble locally because I ca n't seem to buy all the different sizes at the same time . Usually I find one or two and the the other is not in stock . I have to keep going back and checking . I found them all in one place at Amazon . Price was great and delivery was fast . Wipers are still in the garage . I install them right before the state inspection is due . I read in the reviews that the wiper for my 2007 Escape that I ordered would not fit . There is a video on YouTube that shows how to install it .
 Easiest thing to install ... works like a dream . Would recommend as a suitable replacement versus the OEM from the factory . That is all .
 I used this and the `` Anco 4101 Wiper Adjustable Arm - 1 '' for my M35a2 deuce and half . I got ta say , I dont know how the military used the original wipers because they were utterly useless . These Anco civy wipers are a major improvement .
 This great helmet this is my second one its light and comfortable . And the color matched my bike . Told alot of friends about these
 The helmet fits nice , the finish is supurb , the price was great , what more do you need ? If you need a helmet get one !
 This kind of muffler has no loud sound and it is fits exactly and directly to my car flow master is the right choice to have your car sound good .
 Anyone who works on a muddy jobsite knows it will track into your truck . Floormats are not enough , if you have an automatic with the shift lever on the steering wheel the hump space is also used extensively . This mat is a clever idea and protects the carpet from mud and coffee spills/stains from cupholders above . No truck is complete without one !!!
 I built a trailer to pull behind my '77 GL1000 . Finding a hitch , narrowing the kit trailer and getting it all together was enough , but most small trailers utilize a 4 pin harness . This baffled me , b/c I had five wires coming off the bike -LRB- tail , R turn , L turn , brake , ground -RRB- . Four pin trailers use the same wire for turn and brake on each side . This item solved the issue . Much cheaper on Amazon than other sites or in retail stores . The company is based out of Emporia , KS . Great item ; everything works great now . Use for any vehicle with independent brake and turn wires .
 Pretty easy install , just have to find a route from trunk to the hitch , but no soldiering . Highly recommend .
 I needed to get my 05 Subaru Legacy Limited -LRB- sedan -RRB- wired for a motorcycle trailer . Bought this item , and had zero problems using it . Great item , and worked perfectly !
 This wiring kit was easy to install and works perfectly . Good installation instructions that provide enough information to make the process very simple .
 Kit comes with everything you need , even a low voltage tester . Instructions were straight forward and it came with all connectors and even extra grease .
 This kit cost less than one that I could buy locally , and it came with a quick connect flat 4 cable -LRB- that can be replaced quickly in the future if necessary , with no wire splicing -RRB- , and the circuit tester which came in real handy so I didnt hook up my brake lights backwards.The hardest part of the install was figuring out how I was going to route the cables on my vehicle , once that was figured out I had all the wires connected and my trailer lights working in minutes . For the price you can not beat this kit .
 This little adapter worked great on my 06 Hyundai Elantra with amber turn signals . I only had to splice 4 wires and connect the ground . The hardest part was finding a good ground point behind the driver 's side tail light . I ended up having to scrape away some paint . The blue quick splices are grease filled as well so they have a little bit better corrosion resistance . The adapter is small enough that I could tuck it behind the trunk interior trim .
 The product does everything I wanted . For my particular application I had to make some modificationsand the customer support at Hopkins knew exactly what I was attempting and how to create a successful installation .
 I bought this for my 2002 Rover , snipped the flat bar off and wired it to the 7-pin with no problem .
 Recieved it quickly , used it once and it works exactly as advertised . Very simple installation ! Speedy delirvery , good installation instructions
 I added a trailer hitch to my 2000 Jetta and this kit was as easy to install as possible . Make sure you have a clean area to attach the ground and you will have no problems .
 The install was easier than I expected , although if you 've never accessed your taillight wires before , I recommend figuring that out beforehand -LRB- on a Focus sedan the nuts can be found in the trunk -RRB- . I also was n't entirely sure that this was what I needed before ordering it , but it works fine for connecting to a trailer electrical plug .
 I used this stuff on a spider gasket for my multiport valve and to seal some PVC threaded connectors for a pool pump . I simply squeezed some out over the teflon tape . It 's a bit sticky and messy , but does the job . No leaks !
 I installed this Pentair American Products 2 '' Side Mount P Series Multiport Valve Spider Gasket G-417 271148 and I needed this product in order to make it fit properly.I think it did the job I did n't have any leak for one month now .
 I like blue rtv . If you want to glue something hard together this is the stuff after 24 hours it is welded and will adjust to weather because of material .
 Bought this as a summer helmet but ca n`t stop wearing it !!! It looks so good , two other riders have bought one each in my club !!!!
 The exterior is very nice , very good chrome . The strap is very well made also . The inside feels like cheap styrofoam , it looks like it will compact a lot with use .
 Looks great . Goes well with the matching chrome goggles and bike chrome . Wish it sat a little lower on the head tho . Overall , love it !
 I have two , I bought one for my girlfriend also and she loves the looks and comfort of it , great buy !
 I have now purchased two German styled helmets from this seller . Delivery is Awesome in just days , and products are incredible and everything they place forth as truth about their products is just that , pure truth . Nice doing business with these folks ... Honesty with quality should be their motto.Looks like the Chrome Helmets are back in stock , `` Honey , where is that Credit Card !! `` Thanks Jafrum
 my bud bout this one i got the black they didnt have my size or it would in my possien ! it looks great but dont drop it ! cause it will scratch like nobodys busy for the money buy 2 use one everday and the other for bike shows shoot i dont no how they sale them so cheap being DOT approved retail -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks if you want it just get it you only live once and the chrome is safer on a sunny day you gon na think a dang commet flying down the highway blinden old people !
 I just threw this 71mm Wiseco into my 1974 Suzuki TS250 . Wiseco makes nice stuff and you 'll pay for it . The old Suzuki piston was fine and it was cast . I went with Wiseco because it was only about 20 dollars more than the OEM cast piston . Was it a good decision ? I do n't know . Ask me in 39 years if it lasted as well . The thing I like about Wiseco is their support network . If you have questions you can call them and talk to someone that knows what is going on . The machining tolerances are listed on the box so you know how much to bore your cylinder and what to gap the rings to . I suppose Wiseco does n't need much more of an introduction since everyone knows who they are .
 I waqs looking for this for some time and I put it in my fav 's list and when I decided to buy it it came in just in time for the new season and I am able to show my pride in my team .
 Great little item ... that not only looks good ... but can serve a purpose when you are looking for your vehicle in a crowded parking lot . Great quality that seems to be holding up just fine in the hot Florida sun !
 It 's cute ... does it 's job ... received in perfect condition ... not much more to say ... a perfect accessory for the Colts mobile ! Daughter loved it .
 Bought this as a summer helmet but ca n`t stop wearing it !!! It looks so good , two other riders have bought one each in my club !!!!
 The exterior is very nice , very good chrome . The strap is very well made also . The inside feels like cheap styrofoam , it looks like it will compact a lot with use .
 Looks great . Goes well with the matching chrome goggles and bike chrome . Wish it sat a little lower on the head tho . Overall , love it !
 I have two , I bought one for my girlfriend also and she loves the looks and comfort of it , great buy !
 I have now purchased two German styled helmets from this seller . Delivery is Awesome in just days , and products are incredible and everything they place forth as truth about their products is just that , pure truth . Nice doing business with these folks ... Honesty with quality should be their motto.Looks like the Chrome Helmets are back in stock , `` Honey , where is that Credit Card !! `` Thanks Jafrum
 my bud bout this one i got the black they didnt have my size or it would in my possien ! it looks great but dont drop it ! cause it will scratch like nobodys busy for the money buy 2 use one everday and the other for bike shows shoot i dont no how they sale them so cheap being DOT approved retail -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks if you want it just get it you only live once and the chrome is safer on a sunny day you gon na think a dang commet flying down the highway blinden old people !
 I got this gas cap for my 1982 VW Rabbit to replace the non locking one . So far it has been a great cap . It snaps on , no twisting . It releases easy with the key and looks good on the car .
 It functions as I hoped . Thus far , the topcoat has not flaked off . With luck , it will endure significant abuse .
 I used this to paint the faded fenders on a jeep wrangler . This is the best plastic paint out there . Make sure you go to their website and follow the directions , you 'll need more than just paint , but the final result is awesome.A friend used this paint on a dash of a car he was building.If you use this correctly on plastic , it wo n't look painted ... it looks like the plastic was manufactured the color you paint it.Awesome stuff.If I need to paint plastic again , I 'll be using this .
 These are great running boards for the price . Instructions could have been more clear , but installation was easy.You 'll need 17mm & 19mm socket set with a 6 '' extension for a headache free install.E-brake cables run through the frame at a key reinforcement point . As a result , the drivers side read end has a little flex . Still supports my fat ass , so , nothing to worry about.Overall , these are a steal . It 's a lot easier for others and my GSD to get in the truck .
 Did not fit my 2007 Chevy 2500HD Club Cab so I had to return it.I ended up ordering the Westin Platinum tube steps for over twice the price.My estimation of the material and hardware of the Dee Zee 's compared to the Westin 's is they are about the same . If I had an extended cab , I would definitely have kept the Dee Zee 's .
 Not the best bars on the market but for the price I guess you ca n't beat it . Easy to install with only 2 tools . 2008 Silverado ext.cab . Reuse factory bolts instead of those supplied .
 This is a very good product . Fit and installation was good and easy . The only problem I had was , it was n't what I really wanted . You where not able to ship my first choice . When purchasing this type of of product in the future I 'll have to go else where . Product quality and shipping of what I receive was very good . Thanks
 Easy install and seem very sturdy . Arrived right when they were supposed to . Would buy them again.The truck looks great .
 My husband bought this for use on his 2006 Ford F150 and he loves it . He used the 5/8 '' receiver pin hole with a U-Haul Reese hitch and it 's worked perfectly for him . There is only 1 pinhole location on this product . If you do n't want it to stick out from the hitch , make sure the 5/8 '' pinhole is towards the back of the Reese receiver slot . He hauls an enclosed utility trailer and it 's very secure and safe .
 The product was as described and works great . No problem with it at all . IT does exactly what it 's supposed to do and does it well .
 Reese Towpower 21794 Class III Interlock Ball Mount does what it suppose to do . My trailer is now level while traveling .
 Product shipped quickly . It is as described and will work fine for my vehicle . Do not order the Reese Power ball 72802 as the hitch mount is 3/4 '' and the draw bar is 1 '' mount . You 'll need a bushing or return it for a larger mount .
 I really like this ball mount . It 's nice not to have to use two wrenches to put it on or take it off . It is constructed very well and was reasonably price . The only thing negative I can see is you really need to buy a new ball that goes with the mount . But that also was reasonably priced .
 The product fits my car as the original one , -LRB- 1997 firebird -RRB- arrive on time , looks better than the original one , as advertised . Highly recommended i your have broken seal like mine .
 The Stant does its job just as I expected . Economical , functional and just what I needed to secure fuel storage insitu my 3rd Generation Camaros .
 These are great quality , but then again anything with the Harley name has quality built in . You ca n't go wrong .
 I love that I can move the decals around . I moved after I redecorated my bathroom as a Harley room . Now I use them in my new house because I could take them down and put them back up in a different place ! Perfect .
 I purchased these for my husband and he loves them ! They stuck to the car windows easy ! They are great
 I would highly recommend this locking gas cap I am using it on my motor home works perfectly price is excellent
 In need of changing my fuel filter , this too or similar is necessary . The tool worked fine for only being two pieces of anodized aluminum with a rubber band . Worth the $ 8.37 , unhappy with the $ 8.99 shipping/handling costs . Not giving it a 5 star rating based on the shipping costs were more than the tool cost .
 this tool is necessary to remove your existing fuel filter and although I had a mechanic friend do this , it was easy enough for me to do it myself . part worked great .
 Anti-seize is a must when working on almost anything on your car , especially anything prone to rusting , corrosion , or high temperatures -LRB- this version is rated to 1600F according to Amazon -RRB- ! I got this to use for use on my O2 sensor threads , all the bolts related to the exhaust system , and spark plugs . You only need to use a tiny bit , so this 1 oz tube will definitely last you many , many uses.It will make your life a LOT easier when unscrewing your part later on.It has a silvery color and has a tendency to stain a bit -LRB- kind of like how grease would -RRB- , so I highly recommend wearing some type of non-permeable gloves -LRB- e.g. latex or rubber -RRB- when using this product .
 This is definitely the item you ca n't do without to keep your vehicle running in a good condition . You wo n't regret to have it .
 this is a piece of my 100000 mile tune up , fast delivery and quality product ... now if they just had somebody to help install
 I use Permatex anti-seize in all exterior bolts on all my machines , it 's a must if you live near the coast or wherever they use road salt . I do NOT use anti-seize on my spark plugs because it can lead to fouling or over-torquing , in fact NGK states not to use it on their silver spark plugs because it has a special coating to resist seizing .
 Hard to beat a stable product like this one , does the job well and there is enough in the tube to last a while .
 It does what it is supposed to . It makes getting spark plugs and lug nuts off much easier . Permatex products are great .
 I ordered this product because it can be used on spark plugs as well as other applications . Good insurance for the next time you want to remove parts that can seize . Great product .
 ... . works very well , is a bit messy though , so one should where gloves , sticks to almost every surface and works in areas that get hot
 I do n't own a car , but using anti-seize was recommended to me for use on bike parts like bottom brackets and pedals to ensure easy removal later . The thread on those is designed so pedaling actually tightens them -LRB- which I suppose is better than the alternative -RRB- , and after just a couple of months , you 'll need an olympic weightlifter to pry them off.After installing new pedals and riding daily in the Seattle rain for several weeks , I tried taking the pedals off and they slid out like I had just installed them.Price is good , and this size will last me forever for my purposes , no need for Park Tool 's absurd 4oz bottle -LRB- and if I did , the 8oz Permatex one is the same price -RRB- .
 I started using this on the recommendation of a sports car mechanic -LRB- lug nuts -RRB- . I then started using it on anything that was going to be exposed the the weather . Now things like spark plugs , head bolts , license plate bolts etc. . It ALWAYS works , the bolts come off w/o a breaker bar but never comes loose either . I have been using it for about 5 years now and it has never caused any kind of problem , except maybe the silver colored product itself is hard to wipe off of your hands and work clothes . Actually , that is a plus , I know it will stay where I put it , not leak out under heat or pressure . All of my friends now have a tube in their workshop , I see them using it everywhere . It is cheap enough and solves tons of problems ... get a tube yourself , you will never regret it .
 this stuff really helps prevent rust on nuts and bolts . i lubed up my brake studs with the permatex anti seize and it lasted through out the whole winter without needing to be re-applied again . i actually apply this on every bolt i have to take out on my car like the struc bolts , tie-rod , axle nut , brake caliper bolts , etc. i dont know how well this would work against exhaust bolts however . the permatex anti seize does say it can tolerate 500 degree F of heat but never had the chance to test that out .
 Great product . Used to install new spark plug wires and also coat my exhaust system 's flanges as those are n't made of stainless steel . The high heat resistance makes it ideal for many applications as well . The tube size/quantity depends on individual use . Made in the USA !
 It worked well on my spark plugs , so no complaints as far as quality . I 'd give it 5 stars as it is a good product , but it 's a little too expensive though with shipping . Should be more like $ 3.50 total . You might be better off checking the auto parts stores unless you combine this into a $ 25.00 order for free shipping .
 Excellent product and price . No issues here . Been using this lube for assemblies for several years and it alway performs .
 Replaced the spark plugs and my 2001 Silverado 4.8 L at about 98,500 miles and added this to the plugs in case i need to change them again at another 100,000 miles . I have not had to take them out yet so I am unsure if works , but it 's only grease so it should be fine .
 Any metal craftsman/mechanic always keeps Permatex in his toolbox . If you have ever struggled with a seized bolt/nut , you will appreciate a product that prevents that from happening , as it always happens when you ca n't spare the time or patience needed to solve it .
 I love this thing , I used it when I replaced the spark plugs in my old 1998 Civic , works very well .
 Needed this with a recent sensor purchase . Wish I had bought three though , since I use it on all my automotive and cycle needs . Great price .
 This is a great anti-seize lubricant for spark-plugs and seemed to make the installation go without a hitch -LRB- plugs easily threaded with the compound -RRB-
 Found a mechanic on YouTube who recommended this for new plugs . Followed his instructions and feel better about using this to keep them from seizing . Simple enough to do and cheap enough not to think twice about buying .
 Use this product if you 're going to be installing spark plugs , cylinder head and exhaust head bolts for easy removal later . I 'm a novice mechanic so this tube will probably last me a while , wish it came in a smaller tube and it included brush . Overall , its a good product , I 'd buy it again .
 I 've been using permatex products nearly 50 years and the anti-seize compound is one of their best products ... I post on a few automotive forums and have become aware that stripped threads in aluminum heads and stripped wheel lug studs and nuts are pretty common ... What has been happening is that nuts and bolts are being over tightened even when torqued to recommended specs due to the reduction of friction caused by use of anti-seize compound ... The way I have been getting away with using the stuff is by tightening the dry -LRB- without anti-seize coating -RRB- nut , bolt or whatever to where the bolt head or nut or threaded part makes contact with the surface of what is being tightened . . Using a torque wrench count the amount of , degrees or fractional turns of the wrench when specified torque is reached ... Loosen and remove the fastener coat the male threads and tighten to the same amount of turns as when at specified torque ... On my Honda , Subaru , Cadillac and other cars and bikes with aluminum heads I use anti-seize compound on I use a Sharpie pencil to mark the spark plug socket and put 1/3 or 120 degrees of a turn on after the sealing surface makes contact ar after the crush washer is fully compressed ... . It 's a good idea to write down the amount of turns needed in your shop manuals to use as a reference when needed .
 I ordered this tube of Permatex Anti- seize Lubricant with the new plugs I purchased to ease installation and removal later.Actually I use it every day as a cleaning equipment mechanic.Applying the copper - infused paste to steel threads going into Aluminium bodies prevents seizing caused by electrolysis and heat/cooling cycles with different metals . A little goes a long way.It was helpful to see what another buyer purchased the with his plugs too . I did n't have to buy it , but it was a good suggestion.Have a good DayWB
 Great product . Spark plugs are much easier to remove when you put this on the threads when installing .
 Anti-seize lubricant should NOT be used on spark plugs that have metal shell plating -LRB- shiny silver appearance . See NKG full explanation . See link and summaray below . -LSB- ... -RSB- SummaryAll spark plugs that have a blackened or dull appearance on the metal body offer no protection againstseizing or bonding to the cylinder head and so it is with these spark plugs that anti-seize would berequired . A spark plug that has a shiny silver appearance on the metal body usually indicates that theplug is manufactured with metal shell plating and therefore will not require anti-seize .
 I just used it for caliper bolts and lug nuts when I did my brakes . It 's easy to use . It clings and spreads well . I have n't used it long term to confirm that it keeps bolts from seizing , but I presume it does and I wish every threaded fastener was assembled with it .
 Used this when replacing my spark plugs and worked fine . Should be more than enough said .
 This stuff is great for keeping threads lubed up so they are easy to install/remove . I used some on my new spark plugs and on my battery clamp . My old plugs were very hard to get out because they did n't have any of this stuff . Now the battery clamp and plugs will come out very easily . It does have a strong smell to it .
 It 's antiseize . It prevents things like bolts from becoming impossible to remove . It works . I like it .
 too many words are required to say that this is a good product at a good price . it met my needs .
 Received item fast . A must when replacing spark plugs . Was able to torx plugs without running into any problems . Thanks , Marv ...
 I have used this on fuel filter threads and it makes life a lot easier when it 's time to replace the filter again.If you live in a salty environment where corrosion is a problem then use this product and your nuts and bolts will come apart easy .
 Used it on my spark plugs as directed . Now have 99 % of the product leftto store in my toolbox which will surely dry out before I need it again .
 Must have . Apply to threads of spark plug for easy removal next time around . Screw spark plug in to the torque suggested by manufacturer and apply permatex dielectri tune-up grease to spark plug boot -LRB- both ends of spark plug wires -RRB- . Do n't forget to replace oxygen sensors !
 This is anti-seize lubricant , as stated . It appears to be of good quality , and works as it 's supposed to . I guess the real test will be when I go to remove the bolts again , but that wo n't be for a while .
 Found it to be a little gummy -LSB- chewy -RSB- , much like peanut butter ; although , it tasted much worse . I 've got to blame myself , because I lost the package so am not even sure the proper dosage . The writing on the tube was too small to read . I 've been pretty regular over the last week , so it must be working .
 This stuff gets your hand clean , the pumice does the job . Have the container mounted in a dispenser designed just for it . Very handy next to the sink in the garage .
 This part replaces the factory Toyota drum for either the front or rear , left or right side . The only concern was that it is noticeably thicker in the area where the wheel bolts are . This means there is a larger gap between the surface of the wheel hub and the wheel . It is supposed to be covered with hub caps , but I do n't have them and can see the space clearly where dirt and debris are likely to accumulate over time . The stock drum does not have this problem , so I will probably have it resurfaced and put back into use for the next time around and just keep these Beck Arnley 's as spares . They work properly and fit properly . I have removed one star because the wheel does n't fit flush against the hub with this part due to it 's extra thickness .
 there is a peice of wire that you use to pull the bolts thru the hitch and into the holes.and it took him a lil while to figure it out and he is retired gm shop foreman ! from chevy dealer.he said it was hard to prop hitch up under car while car is in the air on the lift so if you were on the ground with car jacked up you would have a real hard time.best leave the install to u-haul or someone does it all the time.but it is a nice hitch made just to fit my buick park ave. It came with the draw bar with 3-4 inch rise.and pin and all bolts nuts and washers and lockwashers hitch and draw bar painted really well.made out of thick steel not no thin stuff ! should well out last the car . I just pulled a 5x8 u-haul trl the other day!it does not come with the trl ball you will have to buy one 1 7/8 or 2 inch .
 Exhaust is nice , just have some rattling I need to fix underneath the car . The extra power was noticeable and the sound was just a little louder than stock .
 very easy install took about an hr getting the stock out and putting in the borla system.sounds about the same slightly deeper tone . but all and all i have noticed some slight hp gains
 Wow . Borla is an amazing brand and I love the beautiful sound it gives to my 2008 350z .
 Good product , good price , good shipping and good service ~ ! Especially , Eric kerwin was very kind to me during email conversation . I really recommend Titan motorsports to buyers.BORLA 140045 True Dual Cat-Back System Exhaust
 This is the same filter that the manufacturer uses , so it fits , it works as designed and is priced good . I will definitely by one again next time it 's filter change time !
 Perfect fit and easy to install with just one person . Prep
 If you have a Ford , and you have n't swapped out the original cap , do it immediately . This is a great cap .
 I used this as a replacement for the factory one on my 1996 F250 7.3 L powerstroke diesel . After seeing a video about how factory caps often lose their ability to hold pressure over time , I decided since I was replacing my water pump anyway , I was going to replace the radiator cap along with it . Fits perfectly , and is CHEAP !
 I saw a video on you tube from a well know diesel truck mechanic . He said one of the major issues with a 6.4 powerstroke diesel was the poor design of the Radiator cap . It can lead to MAJOR problem . It was his recommendation to buy this cap . I figured for the price it was a little bit of insurance . Comparing this cap to the stock cap it does have a beefier spring that would keep the seal better . I feel better knowing I took this little bit of insurance out on my expensive truck and it 's expensive engine .
 The product was perfect just what I wanted . Was shipped fast and to my front door with out any problems . I would buy this again for the next time I need a radiator cap .
 I bought this for my 01 ford F350 works great . Just dont want someone putting water or gas in my tank or kids messing around with the fuel in the truck . Works great and is tough
 Good quality replacement cap , its well built , have put around 1000 miles on the car since installing it . Plus it was cheaper buying it here then in my local car parts places .
 Recieved the Permatex valve grinding paste . Noticed it was extremely gritty , not at all what I was expecting . But it worked like a champ , ground those valves perfectly - no more leaking valves . Just keep this paste out of the valve guides !
 I have used alot of bike carriers , and without a doubt , this is this best one yet . Well made , with heavy gauge steel construction . Very easy to mount the bikes onto it , and the bikes stay securely in place . The best carrier for the most reasonable price .
 Well I Bought This Bike even tho I read some Of the Bad Reviews that people Left And I must Say I was Very Pleased Im not sure what kind of bikes these other people have but I have a Schwinn Avenue hybrid my Wife has a Ladys Schwinn and my son has a dirt bike and this is perfect for me and not alot of money im very pleased and im sure alot of others are as well they just did not leave a Review .
 This is a great bike rack ! It does n't wiggle or rattle , and it 's easy to use . It 's a bit heavy , but for the most part , it 's very easy to use !
 Bought this bike rack and it works perfect . Amazon was running it on a deal so I like that I got it for even cheaper than it was originally posted . My only complaint is that if your bike is n't shaped just so the bike sits a bit funny on the rack . It still works but you have to secure it from a bar that fits into the plate .
 Cheaper than we could find in any sporting goods stores or even Walmart . Easy to assemble , very sturdy , minimal wobble .
 Just used this for the first time . Took 4 bikes on a 4 hour trip and it passed with flying colors . I really like the 1 point -LRB- ~ 6 '' actually -RRB- hanging point that others were concerned with . Pretty easy to find a secure spot to load each bike even with my wife and daughters bikes that do not have a perfectly straight middle bar but have slight angles . I do n't think the two arm versions would have been able to hold my daughters smaller bike.Unit is pretty solid and I 'm glad I made this purchase .
 I bought this to install myself , however since my car needed additional service I had the mechanic install the belt . Save me money by supplying my own parts .
 Bought this air filter to replace the stock one . Arrived on time and the fit was good . Have only ridden the bike a few times since the install , but so far all seems good .
 I had to drop the fuel tank on my Saturn SC2 to troubleshoot the fuel sending unit . This filter looks like the OEM filter and was a breeze to replace and was cheaper than my local parts stores .
 The original Bosch fuel pump died in my 1991 Saturn after 20 years of service . a Replacement part was $ 600 , for a 20 year old car . No thank YOU ! I replaced it with a Walbro pump , bought on Amazon . Let 's be honest , dropping the tank and replacing the pump is not a fun thing to do and you do n't want to do it again any time soon . In installing the new pump in the old housing it makes no sense not to replace the strainer as well , the old one in my car was yellow , somewhat brittle after doing its job for 20 years . Some fuel pump makers will not warrant the replacement pump unless you replace this part as well - I can understand that as it is not hard to imagine pieces of a disintegrating strainer being sucked up and constricting the pump mechanism . Hey , if you are going to spend money on a pump , and the time to pull it spend the few extra bucks to do it right so that you do n't have to do it again soon .
 My son got a new Dodge Ram and of course ask for accessories for his truck . . this item added the perfect finishing touch
 This Dorman 56415 Lighter Wiring Kit was easy to connect up and it is very durable and easy to use !
 They were excellent and my cap was received quickly ! I hope there business grows andIm sure you will be satisfied with them !
 How do you rate a radiator cap ? Seems to work fine . Do n't have a pressure tester , so cant vouch for it 's accuracy .
 This is a replacement MAP sensor for the Delphi one on the newer Harley 's . Fit just fine and seems to work OK . I was having a hard start problem that this sensor corrected.I have installed a Zippers Thundermax ECM since I purchase this item . The ThunderMax does n't use the MAP sensor for a base reading at start .
 I used this to seal the inspection ports on my diesel fuel tank . Essentially you make a bead about 1/16 '' - 1/4 '' , with some circles around any bolts . Make sure you clean the surface beforehand
 Ultra RTV seems to work and seal better than the regular RTV . I think Permatex makes a good product .
 Great product . If planning on using it for more than small projects , buy the larger canister that 's fit in a gun . I used mine to seal up the airbox on my truck for a snorkel install ... would have been much easier/cleaner with a triggered dispenser . Not the product 's fault .
 I use this on my airplane . It cures slowly , but it is tough , it sticks , and takes a tremendous amount of heat .
 I purchased this product to seal areas of my head-gasket for my BMW . I used very little and will probably need this one tub for the rest of my life . Nothing sexy , but worked as needed .
 The product was the perfect match for my vehicle and is performing perfectly up to standard . I will use this company again .
 For a rebuilt part it was really good and fit perfectly . It was easy to install and matched up correctly . I would recommend this product to all . It was very easy on the pocket book as well .
 This license plate frame was exactly as described . There are definitely more expensive , heavier duty frames . But if you 're looking for something inexpensive and simple , this is it . Great price for a great product .
 This frame has clean and simple lines . The major reason I got it is because I wanted a frame that did n't cover the stickers you have to place on the corners . Other frames I 've had also covered part of the State name and logo , but this one does n't . Those are things you should consider when buying a license plate frame .
 I like this frame because it is thin and understated . It does not feel flimsy and I 'd expect it to last here in Southern California because rust is not a problem.What I do n't like is the mounting holes at the lower part of the frame . I know that license plates also have mounting holes at the bottom , but I have not seen a car that used those for attaching license plates . I would prefer tabs at the bottom of the frame or maybe some sort of covers to give it a finished look.Overall , a good product at a good price .
 I 've had a couple sets of these frames . While I do not live in a wintery climate , these frames do continue to last . I would buy these again and recommend them .
 Cheap metal , nice and shiny , holes slightly off from my plate but not enough to be an issue . Looks better than the black plastic one from the dealer . Do n't put it on the front bumper -- one bump and it 'd be toast .
 This battery charger is very nice . It works great so far and feels heavy duty . very pleased and recommend buy , i used it on my truck and atv , no more needing the jumper cables the start feature on this makes it easier to start a dead battery when in a tight space .
 Had a simiilar older -LSB- very -RSB- Schumacher charger with trickle , normal and rapid charge with engine start capability . I have a rarely used conversion van with many , many electrical features including very complex internal lighting and switching , multiple motors , switches and hookups . When battery went dead , old charger took to doing the snap , crackle and pop routine and would not charge . Short in Van circuits ? Open closed switches ? bad alternator or bad battery -LSB- both recently replaced ... both huge charge capacity and oversized -RSB- ? First shot at fixing ... replace charger . Chose the 6v/12v SE-125A because of features that would work on 6v/12v deep cycle -LSB- golf cart & RV -RSB- . Picked this one from product line . It recovered and recharged a completely dead battery on the van . Charge has now held for over a month without further problem ... it did its job well.I do n't like the handle , cables or the cable clips ... unseemly quality level for the rest of the product . Control labeling and display is not as self explanatory on unit as it could be and instruction book is skimpy . Am I happy with the purchase , though ? You bet .
 I HAVE USED EXACT SAME PRODUCT FOR MANY YEARS AND IS STILL WORKING PERFECT !! I HAVE A NEED TO CHARGE SEVERAL BATTERIES AT THE SAME TIME WHILE ON FISHING TRIPS AND HAVE ELECTED TO GET AN ADDITIONAL CHARGER LIKE MY FIRST . THIS WILL GIVE ME MORE VERSATILITY FOR VARIOUS SITUATIONS AND THE RELIABILTY AND POWER TO GET THE JOB DONE IN A TIMELY MANOR . THESE UNITS ARE TOUGH AND DEPENDABLE !!! THE VERY ACCEPTABLE PRICE IS A NICE BONUS THAT MAKES THIS PURCHASE A WISE MOVE IF YOU ARE IN NEED OF A QUALITY CHARGER THAT WILL PERFORM WELL FOR INDEFINITELY !!!!
 This battery charger is compact , solid design and well made.It is easy to use and easy to store when not in use.What makes this charger different is that it is comfortable to handle . Controls are simple to use with indicators that have high contrast making this meter easy to read under all lighting conditions .
 The perfect solution for a seldom driven car that wo n't hold a charge even with brand new battery . But when we need that car , this charger is a life saver . It 's more than paid for itself in the few months we 've had it . No more calling the service station for a start at $ 30 a pop . This makes our old 1991 Toyota reliable again .
 I 've owned this charger for 5 years . It has a `` manual '' function , meaning that you can charge a battery past the normal 80 % that the automatic chargers will . It means you can also charge one more quickly because the automatic function -LRB- also on this unit -RRB- of most chargers tapers off the amperage sent to the charger as it reaches 80 % of charge . -LRB- 15 amps also goes faster than ten . -RRB- Manual means you can also `` condition '' a battery to get the sulfites off of the plates , by carefully charging and watching to the point where the battery plates begin to gas off . Means a battery will take and maintain a better charge and last longer . I use it on the RV cabin battery for this , but also use it regularly just for car stuff.All this and it does what other chargers do . 2 amp trickle charge , high powered capacitor starting function.I DROVE OVER THIS CHARGER WITH A 5000 POUND 1986 LTD CROWN VICTORIA TODAY ! FLAT as a pancake . Ahem , well . First plugged it in and promptly blew the garage circuit breaker . Immediately started hunting for other Schumacher chargers on the net . After spending two hours and seeing this particular unit is now over $ 100 new , thought `` Well , let 's see if I somehow tear it apart and look . '' No sooner got the mangled housing off , and -LRB- uuuhhh !! -RRB- bent the back upright -LRB- which had a circuit board on it -RRB- , plugged it in , and it works !! And , in the course of bending back the heavy steel housing , NO paint flaked off . Must be baked-on enamel . These babies are built tough . As another reviewer for Schumacher chargers said , `` No repackaged imported junk '' . I take my hat off to this company
 This is , IMHO , a well made battery charger . Works well ! -LRB- Even with the quirks noted below -RRB- . The Good :1 -RRB- Has manual and auto modes and therefore will charge a completely dead battery . -LRB- Some , if not most , automatic only chargers need a couple volts to prove correct hookup and will not begin charging on a fully dead battery -RRB- .2 -RRB- Heavy duty metal case .3 -RRB- Plenty of charging options including 6 volt for , perhaps , charging a single golf cart battery as found in RV and scooter apps as well .4 -RRB- Has `` OFF '' setting on rotary dial . Useful if using the 125 Amp start setting which has recommended max 5 sec duration per instructions .5 -RRB- Charges 12 volt batteries very , very well . -LRB- Have not tested on 6 volt -RRB- The BAD :1 -RRB- Has poor rotary switch layout . Requires -LRB- most of the time -RRB- when switching to off or from 2A to 15A setting to cycle through the 125amp setting . This causes unnecessary stress on the battery and the charger . To avoid this one must unplug when changing setting .2 -RRB- Poorly written instructions regarding the use of the rotary switch vs the slide switch . Inst manual is generic for many of their chargers and not specific for this model .3 -RRB- Amp gauge on front of charger does not read in amps , but % of battery charge . Great for girls and girly guys , but not for the guys who have lawn tractors , boats , ATV 's , etc. and really want to know what is going on at a glance .4 -RRB- Feet are molded from the metal case and do not have protective rubber pads to prevent marring and skiding.The `` who cares '' :1 -RRB- Has green LED which lights when battery is fully charged in 15 amp automatic mode . Does not work in 2 amp mode where it might actually be useful .
 I had an older Schumacher that only had a 50 amp emergency boost , which was inadequate for most emergencies , so when that disappeared , I bought this SE-125A . I left it on the 2 amp charger setting for awhile on my Porsche 's 12v battery while it was still connected in the car . It fully charged it and as stated in the owner 's manual , when set on the 2 amp charge , the green light will not light when the battery is fully charged . The 15 amp , 12v automatic setting will turn on the green light when the battery is charged , but I would n't leave it like this for too long . I looked at the meter and the green light was lit , then the charger would stop charging with the meter falling off to the right . At the same time the green light would shut off , but then the meter would swing back to the left -LRB- charging again -RRB- and the green light would go on . This cycle took about 5 seconds to complete . After watching this happen many times over a period of 2 minutes , I unplugged it , feeling that ca n't be good for the Schumacher 's longevity . It does the job and the price is right . The cord attached to the unit is relatively short , so you 'll need a high quality 3-pronged extension cord if you want to use this charger while the battery is still connected in your vehicle .
 I already knew what I was getting , and I was right . Great charger.It has both auto , and manual settings , and what I like the best is the 15 amp charge , along with being able to use the manual settings rather than Auto.The 125 amp engine start is a nice bonus to this charger , and will start a car that has a battery thats not completely gone.But if the battery is totally dead , this 125 amp start probably wont help.With a `` completely dead '' battery , you 'll need more than 125 amps , that this charger/starter delivers.You 'd need something closer to 400 CCA -LRB- cold cranking amps -RRB- . The 125 amps will help most vehicles start , when there 's still some charge left in the battery , -LRB- but just not enough to start your vehicle -RRB- . I had an older charger , with a `` Engine Start '' feature , but it was only 50 amps , so pretty much useless . It was a much cheaper charger , and half the weight of this one.Update : I was just about to use this charger , and am glad I did n't . It has a large bolt rattling around inside the charger.I then started the replacement request , and Amazon quickly made it right.As soon as I un-boxed this charger , I closely inspected it , then plugged it in , and tested it . It works great . Very happy customer!Quality Charger & Quality Seller !
 The first one I barrowed . The guy moved away and then came back across three States to get it back . The seconded was stollen . Now I have another . They are well built and dependable . I no longer lend it out without going with it . .
 Received the product quickly with PrimeServed me well I have used on my car and I also have a golf cart I use around the house with 6Volt Batteries works just fine
 I have a diesel pickup truck with two large batteries . This charges them up no problem . It is compact enough to not take up too much room in the garage , but does the job . I doubt it would start my engine on run down batteries , but I do n't expect it to do so . I read other reviews saying there is sharp metal exposed , and it should have rubber feet or something on it , and mine does n't have either issue . It has no sharp metal exposed , and the feet are rounded metal .
 Works great . Got this to replace a really old sears unit that finally died . Nice to have both auto and manual modes . I have charged batteries twice -LRB- one turned out to be no good -RRB- and started a car with it once . Nice reasonably priced charger in a relatively compact package . I think the controls are perhaps a little confusing , but that 's what the manual is for ...
 great air filter . fast shipping . filter fit like it was supposed to . and came with proper instructions . million mile guaranty.just wash it dry it and reinstall .
 It worked great ! However the bracket mounting part it was n't included . I think each of these parts should included it . Besides this no issues after installed it .
 I guess the previous customer may have gotten a bad batch or something but I am sure Jon at -LSB- ... -RSB- would take care of him if that is the case . Their customer service is great and speedy . I did n't need the grid repair kit but I purchase the clip and connector repair kit to fix a bad connector on by 2004 Blazer rear defroster and unlike other solutions I have heard of the defroster now works like new for $ 50 . The autoglass place wanted to sell me a new window for $ 500 and said there was no use trying to fix it because no-one had come up with a working solution . Well they were wrong and Frost Fighter has a 95 % success rate on defroster repairs . My Mechanic said the same but now he is a believer . I hope the other guy did n't end up getting a new window I am sure if he had followed up with the company he would have been glad in the long wrong and saved alot of money . I got mine directly from frostfighter.com . Maybe the grid repair kit the other guy bought had been setting on someomes shelf for a while but like I said I beleive customer support would have taken care of him either way . I would recommend buying directly from the web site unless Amazon starts selling the product at the same price .
 I needed a charger for a large set of deep cycle batteries , something that would put out lots of amps continuously . And of course I did n't want to spend a lot of money . This charger has worked great , met all my expectations.But understand what it is , a big heavy manual charger . Left on it 's highest setting it will fry all but the biggest batteries . But if you have big batteries , 600 amp hours or bigger , it 's great . That 's amp hours , not CCA or cold cranking amps.Why only 4 out of 5 stars ? Two flaws . Two of the sheet metal screws on the outside are stripped , easy to fix . The other flaw is worse . The cables are only 6 gauge . If you use the charger at full potential , outputting 60-80 amps , for more than 30 minutes the cables get hot . Once the cables started smoking , melting the insulation , luckily I noticed and turned off the charger . This thing should have a least 4 gauge cables.But I think most people will use it on car batteries , so the hot cable issue should n't be a problem .
 The battery charger works wonderfully and it contains the desired features , but the sheet metal box is n't very sturdy . Like other chargers I 've seen at various stores , the manufacturer saved a few pennies by using a light gauge sheet metal . The first item delivered was dented even though the shipping box did n't appear to have any damage . The return and exchange was quite easy . I still had the first one when the replacement item arrived several days later . The second item was also damaged . Luckly , I could assemble one good item out of the two I received .
 Ordered two of these for local fire dept. they have trucks with 6 volt all the way up to 24 volt starting systems and one charger is easier to keep track of than four different voltage ones . A couple things i recommend after using this charger are
 We use ti the charge our big riggs . It has a 24 volt charging system that most charger do not have .
 Same product as Loctite 518 -LRB- as a matter of fact Permatex & Loctite are the same Company -RRB- , but at a much lower cost .
 This is a must have for anyone doing mechanical work where the water/air tight mating of metal surfaces is critical . It cures but does not harden , without having to be exposed to air -LSB- Anaerobic -RSB- . I use this on my Sea Doo propulsion system and to provide a flexible seal to other metal mating surfaces . Where you have a damaged gasket , this product will fill in the missing or damaged sections of the gasket and allow for a quick solution . Read the cautions carefully . All of these products have some element of health hazard if used improperly . Highly recommended .
 This is the stuff that is a direct equivalent for Loctite 518 ... only a much better price . I use it for SAAB engine covers and oil pan .
 I have removeable ball in this design and also the type with a push pin . The build quality of this shank and ball is good but it feels like this ball could bounce off the shank if a trailer is n't attached . Maybe I am just paranoid , I do n't have a bad experience with it , it just feels too easy to come apart.Might be really good if you are switch hitch balls frequently .
 It is good to have charger like this in winter ; starter boost is a big help . Since I assume that things I buy suppose to do the job they should , I will point out things I do n't like about this charger . This charger should have Voltmeter . Amp meter can not be trusted . In maintenance mode -LRB- that should deliver up to 2 amps -RRB- meter was showing over 10A . I checked the real current flow with precision meter and it was only 1A ; what good is the measuring instrument being so much off that one ca n't rely on ? I used start boost on battery that was virtually dead ; after couple of minute quick charge I tried to start the engine using the boost and had impression that this thing does not deliver promised 200A . Another couple of minute charge , I tried to start again . Third time was the charm . Yet , without this type charger I would have no options - the car was parked in the way that I could n't use jump cable.So , general impression is that this charger is made cheap but , bottom line , it can do the job .
 Great product , easily capable of charging dead batteries in a short period of time . I found it easy to use , easy to move around , and entirely suitable for my needs . The dual battery system in my farm truck , which was totally dead , was fully recharged in under 2 1/2 hours.If there is one negative , it is in the quality of the assembly instructions for attaching the axle . One step , attaching the clips that hold the axle , was totally missing . While it was easy to see what those parts were and where and how to attach them to the bottom of the charger , the omission makes a person who is reading the instructions to the person doing the actually assembly work look rather silly.I 'm a 65 year old woman and highly recommend this charger to any woman who needs a good automotive battery charger because it is so easy to use , is light weight -LRB- 35 lbs -RRB- and easy to move around , and because it 's small foot print makes it easy to store .
 CAN NOT SEND OUTSIDE OF UNITED STATES ???!!! WHY ? . IF IT IS ALLOWABLE TO BE SEND OUTSIDE OF US TERRITORIES , MORE PEOPLE WILL BUY IT !!! QUARANTEED !
 I really like this battery charger . I have used it numerous times and have had no problem with it . I find it is also not a major inconvenience to take along when I go camping to charge my camper battery . Love it !
 Received in perfect condition !! Was triple boxed and was received much quicker than expected . Looking forward to getting a chance to give it a proper workout . Charged my boat battery perfectly and expect it will work on other batteries just as well .
 It is the cheaper version of what is out there so if you try to start a dead truck at 5 degrees F it presents a challenge and you do like challenges ? your in the right category and you saved some money to boot !! And oh yes its a lot cheaper then calling the tow truck so here you have it .
 When my husband and I got a divorce , I started shopping for things he took with him so I could sustain rural life alone . This was high on my list because there is nothing more frustrating that getting stranded at home because of a dead battery . I have used it only once so far to start my riding lawnmower , and it worked like a charm ! I 'm more independent because of this great device , and I recommend it to other ladies out there who do n't want to have to call a man to come rescue them when they ca n't get a vehicle started !
 I 'm a mechanical engineer and use this tachometer at work to verify speed on equipment we sell . The cost is very low , it is easy to use , and the accuracy is quite good . The laser optics are so-so , which means the focus area can be a bit large sometimes . It also goes through batteries a little quickly , so buy extra 9V if you use this a lot . You should also buy a roll of the auto-reflective tape , since you do get some with the tachometer , but it will be used up pretty quickly . All in all , a good buy , and I 'm considering buying some more to send to customers for trouble shooting applications .
 Good product for the price . We use it to set the delivery speed for a fertilizer spreader and it works great .
 This a great replacement cap for a classic vehicle . It is all metal with a nice chrome cover . My only complaint is the metal sticker on the front of the cap that tells you to open slowly . It really looked tacky on my 1954 dodge pickup . I was able to remove it with some difficulty as I did not want to damage the chrome with a razor blade .
 Nice replacement cap - will do the job and look pretty while doing it . Unfortunately the insert on the cap was too small for my truck -LRB- see customer picture above -RRB- Returned and ordered the Stant 10702 Fuel Cap instead . 5 stars for a would-be nice fuel cap .
 I bought this for my wife 's '04 M-B C230 Kompressor . Installation was very easy , filter is located just above the battery in the engin bay.Stealer want $ 100 + to do this simple replacement , it took me less than 5-min to do without using any tools .
 This beauty works great for my 2006 C230 Sports sedan . Saved me much $ $ had I bought from the dealer .
 Good product for the price , it was half price than what AutoZone and PepBoys charge . Quality is not the best , but does the work for now . Perfect fit for my CLK55 -LRB- w209 -RRB- .
 The part works great and is priced for great value , however , the shipping took something like 3 weeks plus . We were not advised until after paying for the item that it would take such a long time to receive the product . We do n't like to do business this way , however , it 's an imperfect world , stuff happens .
 Heater core was received in a typical Amazon timely fashion . Packaging was correct for the product . It was a snap to install . This installation was in a Pickup with zero dash interference . Only seven screws to remove the cover to expose the Heater core and remove the hoses . 15 minutes later it was finished , a total of 45 minutes and I was on the road . No issues whatsoever
 This item fit very well in my car . It appears to be a well made product made to fit properly .
 I used this charger to charge up a car battery that had been sitting for a long time . The car started so I guess it worked ! The charger comes with detailed instructions on how long to charge a battery at the different settings . I would reccomend buying a battery tester as well . The gauge on the front did n't seem to move much , so I am still unsure if it is working properly or if it is just a bad battery . This charger seems heavy duty and I expect it to last a lifetime .
 A heavy-duty battery charger that can handle the most difficult jobs . It lacks only one useful feature , a timer that shuts the unit off after the appropriate charging time is reached , without the operator having to be present . Other than that small emission , this is a fine product .
 Schumacher continues to make products worth buying . The manual design from long ago means when you use it , it just might work .
 Works great with plenty of output to juice up large batteries . The top handle could be designed a little better so it sits down rather than standing up all the time .
 I 've had an older revision of this charger for many years . It 's a lot better than those `` trickle chargers '' and is even powerful to start a small car ! -LRB- barely -RRB-
 The first thing you notice when this charger/starter arrives at your door is the weight . Yes you can carry it around but it is by no means light weight . At about 10lbs this is no plastic toy . Its got a heavy metal case , sizable clamps , and a plastic handle on top . The dial is a simple twist from 6v 30amp to 12v 10amp to 12v 30amp to Start 12v 200amp . The manual is a small booklet full of the usual warnings , a step by step on proper jumper placement , and a table to calculate how long to leave a battery on the device . It is manual and will not shut itself off so you can damage a battery with this thing . Of course it is manual so you do n't get the usual faulty responses either -LRB- I consider this a pro -RRB- . Great no compromise charger !
 Thank God we can still buy a MANUAL battery charger.I dry camp with no hook ups in the forest.I have a smart charger too but it resets its-self because of voltage varitions from the generator , hence that is why I bought this charger.Fluctuations dont bother it.Charger runs great.Charges the battery great . -LRB- use must watch because charger doesnt shut its self off autatically -RRB- like the smart chargers do.BUT heres the best thing . This charger packs as much punch as some of those huge up right chargers with wheels . Can you imagine carting around one of those camping ?! Anyways , its built tough except the handle -LRB- its plastic -RRB- The product was packed very well.BTW good luck finding one of these locally . I looked everywere.I got free shipping and NO tax to boot ! got ta love the net !! Thanks Amazon
 I really like this charger . It has a lot of power and it 's much lighter weight then most others that have this amperage . Some are so heavy they need wheels , but the SE 3010 can be carried easily . I highly recommend this product .
 I know nothing about chargers but when I read albout what it does I got this for myHusband for Christmas and he was thrilled just perfect for what he needed , automobiles , golfcarts , tucks and our R.V. ... So it was worth the money and investment ... score one for the old lady !
 Great Value . Shipping was rough on it but the fix was simple to the selection switch ...
 The Schumacher SE-3010 packs a powerful punch - I needed this one because of it 's size - I did not want to be wheeling around a big one in the snow & ice . Too much of a hassle.Shumacher is a name known for battery chargers - and I got mine for $ 101because of the $ 30 off when you get an Amazon.com credit card -LRB- off first purchase -RRB- . The only complaint I have is the handle - I would have preferred a tubular metal one , with a rubber coating - instead of a plastic one.I 'll probably make my own - because of Murphy 's law - the handle will break , then the charger falls to the ground - then I 'll be at square one again ... I am extremely satisfied though . Extremely -LRB- except for the handle -RRB-
 The charger works very well . It has plenty of power to recharge batteries that have been used for a long period of time without recharging . We use it to recharge our camping trailer and boat batteries .
 Ca n't beat a Schumaker . This an excellent battery charger for the farm or garage . Rapid charger to a 200 amp jump . Price could n't be beat from Amazon .
 this is a very nice charger ... it is heavy built , all but handle is made of plastic ... great charger for charging semi batteries or something with more than 1 battery !!
 This is one powerful charger and you know it the minute you pick it up.Feels solid and puts out the amps . That 's it . Get ar done . Ed
 I am only using this to tow a small black 4x8 trailer . So the interchangeable ball setup is best for me . I am a huge Curt fan , fast shipping , great instructions , great fit , and Made in the USA . The only problem I had with this is that the hole for the cotter pin is too high . THis makes it impossible to get the cotter pin into the hole with the shaft mounted on the ball mount .
 The extra remote that I bought for my Bulldog alarm 2030 . Was easy to setup just followed the instruction and worked right out of the box
 I bought this product because , I had purchased a Bulldog Alarm system for my MGB . Well , after nearly five years of daily use the transmitter finally ` bit the dust ' but , I must say the alarm unit is still doing it 's job . I was glad that I found another transmitter to replace my old one , and at a reasonable price , I might add . I Would highly recommend any of the Bulldog products to any of my friends .
 This was bought for a spare remote . They work great and the ad is accurate on their use . The service was very good .
 I 've owned bulldog alarm for years and axidently wash my transmitter in pants . It was shot . Tried another trans . but to no avail . Was getting ready to trash the receiver and found this web site where I purchase a replacement trans . Run the test and it work find.Price for shipping was high but other than that I 'm pleased with product .
 I could n't be happier with this product . I am a repeat buyer of a similar interchangeable ball by Curt with 2 and 1 7/8 set . The way these balls change-out is super-fast , super-easy -LRB- requires ZERO tools -RRB- , and the easiest to keep clean . I have had a competitor brand equivalent requiring the use of a coin/screwdriver to twist the top of the spring-loaded locking mechanism , and while they are good , you have to make sure they are kept lubricated and debris-free MUCH more , having to use a spray cleaner down the spring-loaded shaft to flush out the grime . This Curt product has all channels exposed and is super easy to wipe clean and re-apply a thin layer of bearing grease on the inner ball to keep the road grime to a minimum . As with anything , keep it clean and lubricated , and it will always remain to be a piece-of-cake to use . It 's also cool-looking when it 's together , and the chrome finish is awesome .
 Perfect for those who needs to change ball size often . Takes up a lot less space than having a ball mount for each size .
 Would Reccomend to anyone looking for a nice switch ball set . Very Heavy duty set . Balls lock securly in place .
 Such a clean and good looking product . I 'm 35 and these looked good . That nostalgic look the reminded me of my Grandpa . It was for him anyway . Installed easily . Great transit time . I was very pleased
 Works and looks good as expected . This design that fits into the draw bar is nice that I only need one wrench to install/remove the ball .
 Such a clean and good looking product . I 'm 35 and these looked good . That nostalgic look the reminded me of my Grandpa . It was for him anyway . Installed easily . Great transit time . I was very pleased
 I was rebuilding the rear brakes on my 1965 Mustang and found that both of the drums were completely worn beyond the point of being able to turned down again . The local brake shops wanted close to $ 100 a piece for drums . I found these made by Centric for a great price . They were a perfect fit . They are a little lighter weight then the OEM drums .
 This was purchased to replace the one on a Tahoe-It looks really nice , very sturdy and strong and was so simple to install.A trailer was attached to the receiver and there wasnt a problem what so everAbsolutely no complaints-Very pleased with the purchase
 I was skeptical of this brand until I did some homework on the Internet . These pads receive top reviews for stopping power , low dust , and high performance . I was pleasantly surprised when I learned that Amazon prices were half what everyone else was charging for these same pads ! I installed them in minutes and I must say they have restored my luxury car 's braking power to brand-new status ... . Stopping distance is noticeably shorter now that I have installed front and rear pads , and I no longer have that annoying `` screech '' .
 This system rocks ! The speakers look great and sound fantastic ! For all but top speeds on the interstate , sound is clear and sufficiently loud . At 70 + with truck traffic it 's a little muffled , but even a car stereo , under those conditions , with the windows all open , is n't going to sound very good either ! Right after installing the system , I went on a 3000 mile round trip ride and it was great to have tunes as the miles flew by via my iPhone and the standard mini plug that attaches to the speakers . The volume control easily clips to a cable tie I attached to the left handlebar for easy reach . I did need to run wires directly to the battery for both the -LRB- + -RRB- and -LRB- - -RRB- leads because ground on the handlebars was inadequate , just as the installation instructions suggested . The only reason I did n't give the system 5-Stars is that I did not know until I got the system and started installing it that it did not come with a power switch . That extra item I was able to pick up at a local auto parts store for lass than five bucks and only added a few minutes to installation time . Otherwise , it is constantly drawing from the battery . Altogether , installation took a couple of hours , but the kit comes with everything , including tubing to hide wires . Well worth the price .
 Very happy with my purchase Everything was exactly what I needed ! Perfect fit . Still keeping up the good job ! Very happy
 Do to the fact that I 'm running a custom set of EDelbrock Runners on my 89 Corvette , I 've had to take the runners off multiple times.The Mr. Gasket Gaskets are great , unlike a number of Runner Gaskets that I 've used , these come with a little pouch containing the line up pins that hold the gaskets in place while you put everything together . Edelbrock , TPIS , etc , do n't come with these . They were easy to install , and I have had excellent experiences in using them .
 This charger is perfect in either single channel single battery , or dual channel separate battery mode , only charging at 10A per channel . It has linear power supply with a big-beefy transformer inside that should last for years . The LED indicators give you a basic idea of what is going on.The problems with this charger come with using it in single battery , dual channel 20A mode . The charger supplies all 20A through one cable even though both are hooked up in parallel . The cheap yellow snap-together fuse holders get really hot when charging at 20A . Also the 14AWG wire is too small for a constant 20A draw . I cut off the cheap fuse holders and replaced them with Buss Heavy Duty ATC fuse holders and 30A fuses . That solved the hot fuse holder problem . I am planning on replacing the 14AWG wire with 12AWG also.I bought this for charging two large storage batteries used for a battery powered emergency sump pump . Two 125AH batteries in parallel.For the geeks out there ... It actually alternates channels while supplying the full 20A . It will switch from one channel to the other every couple/few minutes . I used dual 50A current shunts to check the charger on two 125AH batteries wired in parallel . I 'm guessing that Schumacher alternates channels to keep the output transistors from overheating and to distribute the thermal load . I 'd really like to see a non-marine unit with a vented enclosure .
 I 'm very pleased with my SS-210A Automatic Charger/Maintainer . I purchased this unit to replace the old 10 amp charger in my cabin cruiser and after six months I find it to be working as planned . At first , I was surprised at the size and weight of the unit , but once I got it mounted it really did n't take up much more space than the unit I replaced , and it is much quieter . I check my batteries regularly and I find that I have to add water much less frequently than before . Overall , I give it five stars !!
 Just to get it out of the way , the only problem i have with it is its size and weight its like the size of a basketball and very much 25lbs . however , for as cheap as it is compared to others , this is an easy compromise . i bolted mine to the front of my truck bed . it can get rained and snowed on , it doesnt matter . its very well built , although i think i will still add a safety cage around it since i like to throw things into my truckbed a lot.there is an audible hum when this thing is charging too . it cant be heard if the truck is running of course , its not loud at all but its the kind that radiates throughout the car more then it does through the air , so im sure if you isolated the mounting bolts with rubber washers it would help greatly . also , the wires that come off the back of this unit are fantastic . very high quality , and very easy to cut and strip back for extending them like i needed to do . i was very pleased with the quality of the electrical cable they used , it helps you sleep at night.very much a plug and forget device . i use it as a 20a power supply too ... it doesnt really matter what you do to your car when this is plugged in , your battery will not die nor will it be overcharged . whats also cool is that it appears to give whatever necessary amperage in its ` fully charged , constant 13.2 v ' mode . once that battery is charged , it enters this mode and even if you crank the stereo or whatever it just feeds what is asked , so in essence it is a power supply too . up to 20a of course , and from what i can tell it would push every bit of that 20a and its clear the circuitry wouldnt ever let it overload itself.the manual does state not to have any electrical devices on when you plug this in , because it needs 30sec to sense the battery state . however , i have found that a few amps of steady draw doesnt effect anything , this charger just always works . once you plug it in , it will work.again the only downside is that this is a large device for 20a , but thats because it uses the ` old school ' transformers that wont break . they paired it with seemingly outstanding circuitry ... so the mix makes for a great value .
 Very solid product , easy to install . The twin battery status lights are easy to read and interpet.Very pleased with purchase .
 Been using this stuff for over 15 years on everything from cars/trucks , to motorcycles , lawn equipment , & even the coal stove . Works great as an adhesive too , as it dries to a strong rubber-like texture . Needs a bit of time to cure , but once it does it forms a pretty strong bond . I once used it in place of the differential cover gasket in a '86 Grand Marquis - lasted over 6 years before it started weeping gear oil . The color is ugly , but the stuff works .
 I bought this to provide an added seal to the connection point of the FMF SST Gold Series pipe and the FMF Power Core 2 Silencer on my 2001 KX250 MX bike . I was getting a steady amount of burnt two-stroke oil dripping from the connection point and wanted a quick fix . I put a good bead of this silicone all around the connection point and let it dry overnight . By the next day it had set up nicely and was ready to go . As the other reviewer stated , it dried an ugly burnt orange color , but it sealed the leak 100 % .
 Used this with aRutland Inc Gasket Kit Tape 7 ` x5/8 '' 95-6to replace the useless seal that my Large Big Green Egg came with . Just replaced the bottom seal only , removed the top seal completely . Worked fine and has held up over time with both high them searing and low temp smoking .
 I used this stuff on a Honda Rebel 450 head pipe exhaust leak . It worked better than expected . I applied it , installed the head pipes and the rest of the exhaust system . I then let it set over night . No more leaks . I really expected the heat from the exhaust at the head to burn through this stuff but , it lasted till I sold the motorcycle a couple of years , and many road trips later . May still be going strong for all I know .
 This is the best cement I 've yet used for keeping my replacement gasket in place on my Big Green Egg . I 'm now using a fiberglass stove gasket , and it 's worked the best of any I 've tried . This is easy to apply and holds up to the heat better than the black stuff I used before .
 as will most permatex products this is good stuff . it has a good high heat tolerance and stays where it is put .
 Product is as described . Good sealant , used it to strengthen the seal around an oil pan heater pad . The truck goes through automatic wash bay weekly and I have not had any issues with seal failure causing water to fry the pad .
 Im no sealant expert but this worked great . I had no problems when applying this product and it dried in a good time period , not too fast and not too slow .
 Great product and easy to use . Came in 4 days and is holding up well . I would order this again and from this vendor !
 I purchased this for a friend 's Honda that was having major oil leakage from the distributor . The factory O-rings were replaced but the car would leak after only a few months again . The cylinder head is the location of the most hot part of an engine -LRB- the exhaust valve -RRB- and in this case the distributor shaft is pretty much spinning in scalding hot oil all of the time . Allowing it to cure overnight at a minimum is suggested if you have the time . The leak was gone and the liquid gasket was working well . I have also used this stuff as an exhaust paste on joints and to seal the manifold to the cylinder head . It stands up to heat very well . I would not hesitate to use it again .
 Used this to seal up some prototype biomass furnaces . I applied it to a warm furnace and it worked fine.I once used some cheap general purpose silicone for a high temperature application and it turned into a sticky mess that never cured . Must of had some weird fillers in it . Use the right material for the application .
 I live in an apartment and have to park in a parking garage . I have only had to use this once in last 3 years and it was to jump start my car . Without it , being alone in the city I would have had to look for someone willing to jump start or pay cab fare back and forth from auto store getting battery recharged . Also I like having it since if people need a jump start from me , I can use it instead of my car . I have fried several alternators being a good samaritan . This item is also good back up supply of power in case of temporary blackout . If you have the disposable cash to get this , if you ever use it once it will be worth it .
 For those that are unsure of the usefulness , I have a Schumaker PS-250A and it has paid for itself 30 + times . I have used it instead of replacing my tractor battery . I have used it instead of replacing my car battery . I have used it as THE battery in my car when it no longer could hold a charge . It actually recharged from the alternator on the car -LRB- suppose that might have been a dangerous test -RRB- . I have used it when the kids left the lights on in the van . I have brought it with in any car where I was worried I might have battery issues or on any trip . The thing is amazing and is easily 4 years old , maybe MUCH older , I just do n't remember when I got it . I bought it as a refurb from a flea market of all places and it was the best $ 45 I ever spent . I 've used it to test fuel pumps and power seat motors . The day this one dies I will go buy another . I did finally decide I should replace all of the batteries I had been using this in place of , so it might finally get a rest . It also jumps multiple times on one charge . I rarely have it plugged in .
 This is a great stereo . It has a lot of cool features . The sound is great . If you ever need a great car stereo I would highly recommend getting the Jensen CD3610 .
 This board rack is very easy to install , use and take down , AAAA + + + +
 The foam liner had to be modified but after all I was fixing a fourty year old water heater . The hounding by amazon to review this product sucks !
 i replaced the hot water heater in my truck camper . this was the perfect fit . the hardest part of installing it was the lock rings that hold the flame tube to the metal door -LRB- out side of camper -RRB- i used a cold chisel and a long screwdriver to snap the old ones off and the cold chisel to install the new ones . another good thing is that every thing you need to do the job is in the box . the new rings , foam gaskets . it took about two hours to install . i also installed a bypass kit while i had it out . you will need Teflon tape for the pipe fittings .
 I purchased this product -LRB- locally , not from Amazon -RRB- to use on an automatic transmission cooling line fitting that was leaking where it threads into the radiator . I tried using teflon tape first . It worked initially , then the trans fluid started bleeding thru the tape . This was the first time I have ever tried using a liquid thread sealer of any kind and I was a little skeptical of its claims.I cleaned off the fitting and applied the thread sealer . I also applied a dab to a piece of cardboard at the same time to monitor it . After a couple of hours , the consistency was the same . It did n't show any signs of getting harder . I wondered if the tube I got was defective . I decided to apply some to a bolt and screw a nut onto it and see what happened . When I checked it the next morning , the sealer that was on the exposed threads was still soft like it was out of the tube . When I tried turning the nut by hand , it would n't budge . The product somehow changes consistency on the threaded portions that are mated together . While I was unable to unscrew the nut by hand , it came off very easily using a wrench . It came off much easier than I thought it would.Approx . 24 hrs . had passed since I applied the thread sealer to the fitting and I was confident it was OK based upon my test with the nut and bolt . When I started up the car , there was a leak from around the tubing , not from the fitting where the thread sealer was . The thread sealer was holding up fine . The fitting needed to be tightened some more . The description for the product states that parts can be repositioned up to 4 hrs . after application , but it had been approx . 24 hrs since I applied it . I thought that tightening the fitting might break the seal on the thread sealer and it would start leaking , but I did n't have much of a choice at that point . I tightened the fitting until the leak stopped . There was just a little resistance from the thread sealer . The thread sealer held up and did n't leak and has n't leaked since.This product lived up to it 's claims . A truly amazing product !
 This is great stuff ! put on thread only 3/4 of a bead . it seals and gets hard , however it comes right off without damage to the thread on the bolt or the attaching surface . I used it on my oil pressure fitting gauge . works great !
 I used this to seal my rear differential fill and drain plugs on my 2011 Subaru Impreza WRX.Works like a charm . No leaks and holds up well despite the vibration and heat.Make sure you follow the directions on the PDF spec sheet online - knead the tube well before using , and start applying from the second leading thread inwards.Only wish it were bigger in size !
 I purchased this clutch for my 2000 Jeep Wrangler and all I can is WOW ... . First of all this clutch provides a very smooth ride , smooth shifting but it also comes with enormous amount of gripping power . This cluth is so powerful that it jumps off the line and takes off with lot of power ! This is perfect for Off Roading when getting stuck , it provides additional power to rampage trough anything ! I highly recommend this clutch for the seasoned and fearless drivers only !!!
 This clutch is AMAZING !!! I put it on a 2006 Jeep Rubicon Unlimited with moderately sticky tires and could lift the front tires off the line . And of course it works just as well off-roading when you have to feather the clutch to get over a large obstacle . Pedal feel , engagement distance , and daily-driving comfort are n't enough different from stock to notice once you get through the break in .
 Good clutch that works well with the jeep . Note the counterweights on the pressure plate tend to make the clutch drag at higher rpm while shifting and does cause my syncros to drag across each other . Aside from that a good clutch with moster grip .
 The unit fits without any problems . The instructions are good , but it is best to take the time to lay out all the parts -LRB- esp the bolts -RRB- so that you have all the correct parts for each step . We failed to do this and ended up back tracking to exchange bolts . The fit was good and easy to understand . The only thing unclear was that the air horn that went into the fender needs to be removed along with the old air filter case . Do n't know about additional power , but the sound is great . Disconnect the battery cable -LRB- negative -RRB- before you start and follow the vehicle owners manual that explains how to re learn the computer after the battery has been disconnected . The relearn will tell the computer to use the new Mass Air Flow readings to improve the performance for the new air induction system .
 I have had one on my 02 ranger before my current 05 f150 . I saw a gain of about 2-3 mpg on the ranger and am expecting similar on this one . The extra power is great and the sound is fantastic . The installation is VERY simple , I took my time to lay out all the parts and double check my connections and took less than an hour with nothing more than a socket set and a flat head screw driver . The instructions included are very easy to read and come with clear vehicle specific photographs for each step . +10 hp , +10 torque , and 2-3 mpg for just over $ 200 ca n't go wrong . +2 mpg x 29 gal . tank = extra 58 miles . 58 miles divided by prev . 12 mpg = 4.9 gallons saved . at current price of $ 3.50 + / gal . With my driving habits and average mileage per month it should pay for itself in about 3 months . Love the product , get one .
 What can I say ? As advertised , glad I got the stainless ball and receiver this time . Seems sturdy enough .
 This was by far the best price we found anywhere on this charger . It still seemed a little spendy , however when it arrived there was a voucher to receive a free jump pack charger -LRB- $ 150 value -RRB- Very pleased with both chargers .
 Charged 2 volvos and they both started with no problem . Many new vehicles are challenged when you try to put a strong charge in to the system.Trickle charging is best and works much better for most cars . A great value that will pay for itself over time .
 Not the fanciest with the most options and functions , just a basic workhorse . I have plenty of multimeters and state of charge meters . I use it to start an Isuzu diesel box truck so I can move it around . The batteries onboard are several years past usefulness , but this charger will put enough charge in them after twenty five minutes to start the truck easily , even in the winter cold . Only had it for a month or so , but would buy another if I needed one .
 THE SCHUMACHER SE-66030 IS PROBABLY THE BEST CHARGER I HAVE EVER PURCHASED AND THE BEST ALL AROUND CHARGER . THIS CHARGER IS ONE THAT WILL MET ALL OF YOUR NEEDS AT AN ECONOMICAL PRICE . I ALSO IMPRESSED BY THE LENGHT OF SERVICE THAT I HAVE RECIEVED FROM PRIOR CHARGER OF THIS BRAND . I REALLY CA N'T SAY ENOUGH GOOD THINGS ABOUT THIS CHARGER .
 The draw bar fit just fine , and works to my highest expectations . I would definitely buy here again . THANKS VERY MUCH .
 The '' custom fit `` was better than I expected . This mat covers only the top of the dash on my 2002 Dodge Ram 1500 , which is what I was looking for . I paid more for the Dashmat Ultimat and I 'm glad that I did . Amazon shipping was very fast , as always .
 Installed on my daily driver to cover a transmission hump and keep the hot/cold breeze out of my console . No issues , fit perfect -LRB- as custom application -RRB- and is intact and functioning well .
 This boot is an excellent substitute for the low-quality OEM replacement part offered by Omix-Ada . The rubber of the Omix part will tear , and this will not . It 's the right overall diameter too . Punch the screw holes with a paper punch . Trim off a little of the tip that sticks out of the top of the boot , and with liberal pre-application of silicone spray , it will stretch over the larger diameter CJ shifter stalk easily.I expect this boot will work well for many other applications too . Recommended .
 Works real well for those VW Trike projects , and rat Rods . Very happy with the way it fits and works .
 Fast shipping , direct fit for Land Cruiser 1988 , some differences with the OEM , the seal of the cap is not replaceable like in the one that came with the vehicle , so is disposable when the seal fails .
 Very happy with receiving the assembly so quickly . Your description and picture made it really easy to be sure it was exactly what I needed .
 Ordered both sides and they fit and look perfect . Did n't like my blacked out lights . Feel alot safer too . Thank you !!!!
 So happy I found it on Amazon . It took me 20 minutes + a metric socket wrench . Swapped out the old with the new , great fit . Saved $ on the part , & the mechanic . Very pleased !
 since my truck is old i was having a hard time finding the replacement rear taillight . as soon as i went to amazon there it was . and at a reasonable price too . i received it in no time at all and it came in perfect condition . i have used amazon for several items so i dont know what i was thinking not going to their site first !! great job amazon
 I did n't get my lifters from Amazon.com , but prices vary over time , so YMMV . I thought I was going to need a valve job -LRB- Egad ! -RRB- but it turned out that all I needed to do was replace my lifters . It 's a moderately complicated job , but most people could manage it if they work carefully and take their time . Sealed Power is a division of Federal Mogul and they make a lot of OEM parts . These worked fine in my 1989 Ford F-150 4.9 L. without even changing pushrods . Good part . You 'll also need : ROL Gaskets PS770 Pushrod Cover Set
 The kit I purchased for CarXtc fit my needs perfectly . I received the kit package well and in a timely manner ... I 'm well pleased . The stereo kit had a variety of optional faces that allowed adaptable fit for various console designs . The design allowed a perfect installation of my new stereo in my '99 infiniti q45t . The face plate is sleek , neat and the pocket is very useful . I recommend this product and this company .
 great product . mine got banged up bad . i blame shipping . gon na suck it up . dont want to return a 50 lb product .
 I bought this battery charger mainly to take with me on camping and RV trips . I have A 6.0 Ltr . diesel that I use as a towing vehicle . and I thought with this 300 amp boost I could jump start my pickup if ever I needed to . And yes while out on a trip , my pickup would n't stat one very cold morning . -LRB- Low Batteries -RRB- I hooked up the charger to my batteries , pluged into the campground current , put it on boost and she started right up . I keep it in my RV now .
 This is just a replacement , probably never have to use it on a car but its good to have in any case .
 Was looking for a goooood charger mine no longer reliable everyone wanted 400.00 for this chareger got it here way cheaper thanx .
 this machine is great . Powerful , well built , good price and fast shipping . I expect to get alot of years out of this unit . I purchased this after having battery trouble in my f-250 diesel which has 2 batteries and I could not jump it off with my other car . Using the se-8050 my truck started right up . I needed one new battery which was still under warranty . I would recommend this product to anyone who needs a powerful charger/jumper .
 Works as expected . Amazon 's price and shipping very good . My last Schumacher lasted many years until I fried it , so I expect good service from this unit .
 Just bought this charger , and hooked it up to my 12Vdc riding lawn mower battery , charged it with 40 Amps for 10 minutes , then 2 Amps for 15 minutes , and then the mower with a V-Twin cylinder 22BHP Engine started on the first crank after a very cold winter . Would of been nice if the mfg. would put a couple brackets on the back of unit for AC power cord and two cables instead of having to wrap them around the handle . Very nice charger/booster with the 200Amp capability . Would purchase again , and stay away from the smaller units with no booster .
 I really like this charge because it is so versatile . I can use the 2 or 10 amp settings for smaller batteries and still have plenty of power to quickly start cars with the 200 amp settings . My unit arrived in good condition and works great .
 work ; s great around the house are in you ; re shop are were ever you might need it .
 So far I have been pleased with my new charger.As is often the case , the assembly of the an item causes the most headaches . For the most part the assembly went smoothly . However , there was a small manufacturing defect when mounting this devices 's handle.The handle is attached to the charger 's rear sheet metal using 4 self-tapping screws . These screws go through holes drilled through the handle and engage pre-punched holes in the sheet metal . 3 of the 4 holes in the sheet metal were correctly punched . Hole number 4 was more of a dimple than a hole and the self-tapping screw was unable to get enough `` bite '' to thread itself into the sheet metal.I used a small punch to elongate the dimple/hole enough for the self-tapping screw to get a purchase . The handle was then properly attached to the sheet metal and the rest of the assembly was completed without any other issues .
 the `` on '' knob came off the first time i turned it on.I took it apart and has been fine ever since .
 I had an old Schumacer , and the transformer finally gave out -LRB- It was over 10 years old -RRB- . I purchased this one and could not be happier , TONS of features , easy to use and well built . Great performance for the price . If you are looking for an all-in-one battery charging solution for your garage , this is it .
 The charger was well worth it 's price . The one thing I would like to havewith the charger is an automatic shut off when completly charged function.But , I knew this before I purchased it .
 This is a fine product for the price . The clamps are a little flimsy but nothing I ca n't live with or , I 'll change them . The unit performs exactly as I expected . If you are looking for a heavy duty unit , more on the commercial order , you will need to step up to Schumacher 's top of the line offerings . Of course , you will pay substantially more . Again , this is a fine unit for the price .
 Charger is what i wanted isnt a big surprise because of the brand name Schumacher SE-4022 . I would recommend this product to anyone.Works great .
 If you often find yourself saying , `` They just do n't make them like they used to , '' then this is the best bang for the buck for you . Everything about this charger is analog
 I replaced an old Sears Craftsman 200A charger with this one which is superior in every respect to the 1982 `` commercial '' model that finally failed . Opening the old charger revealed that the diodes separated although the transformer was in fine condition . I think the old one was on its third or fourth power cord . Sears online parts diagram shows no replacement diodes are available , so the old one went to the metal recycle bin . After looking at the chargers being marketed today , I found this one and a few other models made by Schumacher are sold under the Craftsman label for a higher price . I went with the Amazon unit and a free-shipping opportunity for 2/3 the Sears price . This unit has a timer and larger capacity than the one it replaced . Go for the timer model because otherwise you are likely to ruin a battery by overcharging.Schumacher is a well-established company making quality products . They made the Craftsman branded unit that failed , but with no parts available repairs require some re-engineering . I checked Schumacher and could not find either a schematic or diode specifications for repair . Evidently these days they keep all really useful information locked away in their lawyer 's file cabinet , and most likely all relevant parts can be found only somewhere in China .
 This came unassembled , but was very easy to assemble . It is really handy , and works very good . I am surprised at the quality for the price . Could n't go wrong with it . It was a present for my husband and a very pleasant surprise . I did n't assemble it either , although it was so easy I could have . The same charger sold in stores like Sears for much more money , and other places on the internet .
 The charger works great , I did have to re-drill the holes for the handle bar , they were to small for the factory screws that came with it . The cheapest I found this charger for at the stores in my area was $ 220.00 so I think it 's a great price . The clamps , cables and everything else seems well made and it has worked fine the 4 times I 've used it . I do n't understand all the hubbub about the meter , I bought it to charge batteries and all my vehicles have amp meters to monitor the charging system . I would recommend this to someone .
 Have not used it yet so I ca n't comment on that , but I was able to assemble it perfectly -LRB- contrast this with Sears battery charger where the holes do not line up and half the screws were stripped out -RRB- . It was packed great -- could have been air dropped to the house . Highly recommend .
 I was sick of dead batteries , and even more disgusted with having to buy replacement batteries . -LRB- Yes , I 've had trickle chargers . No matter what , the batteries still died when not in constant use . -RRB- So now I take the mostly dead battery and give it a BIG 200A boost and the equipment starts right up . -LRB- So , you may ask , what happens if you kill the mower away from the charger / booster ? You start another mower and tow it back . -RRB- The Schumacher SE-4022 does exactly what I needed it to !
 Got this for hubby for Christmas . He loves it . It is everything he thought it would be . The shipping was a great deal and it got here in time for the holiday . Perfect job Schumacher and Amazon ! The battery tester and charger are great . We have yet to try the independent jumper cable option .
 The product is everything I expected . Great product . The problem was that my old one died and I needed this in a hurry . I paid an extra $ 60.00 for `` Express Shipping '' . Yeah , right ! I ordered it on a Saturday , fully expecting it to ship 1st thing Monday , but the order did n't even get processed until Tuesday . I finally received it Friday evening . I am very disappointed in the company 's `` Express Shipping '' attitude .
 This wheeled charger works really well for the money . Not that it was at all difficult to put together , but if you are a &#34; read the instructions &#34; kind of person , ... the instructions really leave alot to be desired . At one point , I had a screw fall inside the case and had to open it up to get it out.Two changes I would make ... 1 , I would have a hook to hold the cables when not in use . 2 . I would have printed on it , more details about when to use the specific settings , and for how long . I dont use these every day , and always find myself wondering ... should I fast charge ? Or Slow Charge ? And for how long on each ? The insanity !!!!
 This item is exactly what I wanted and it works perfectly . I would buy it again . And it shipped very fast too .
 This is what my husband has wanted to find for sometime . I have waited for our local stores to put his on sale . But none could beat the Amazon price . One thing we were looking for was the 6v setting . As this is handy for our antique tractors . And it also has a timer so you do n't have to go and shut it off.Great product !
 Dad loves it so far , but time will tell how long it will hold up but we are optimistic because his last one was great until someone stole it
 I bought this product for my dad and he really likes this product ... it works great and he has not had any problems with is so far .
 Bought this for significant other , so I am reviewing on his feedback , but he is very pleased with the charger and both of us were pleased with the price .
 this is a great all around battery charger and it has a timing feature and a battery tester as well as charging and jumpstarting -- great product with good pacaging !! thx again sunshinemacaroni
 Purchased this battery charger to replace the one I purchased in 1998 . Does a great job of charging and boost charging battery for imediate starting of tractors and trucks . Only disappointment was that the old one was MADE IN THE USA and the new one is Made In Mexico .
 This charger does exactly what its makers claim it will do . It has met every challenge I 've thrown at it on our small family farm ; tractors , trucks , cars , garden tractors.Assembly was quick and easy and it arrived damage free.I 'm completely satisfied.Bob
 This is just what I wanted , expected , and needed . It charges batteries of all types , but just as importantly , it has a starter feature which allows me to get my tractors going when batteries are low . It is not a so called `` smart '' charger in that it does not read when the battery is fully charged and then stops charging . It does have a timer , however , and if in doubt , just dial in some required time and come back later . I love it . I had bought one similar about 15 years ago or more , and it lasted all this time even though exposed sometimes to the elements . Good purchase .
 I will be using this tester and charger for our RV . I know this is a quality product since I 've read the reviews and look forward to years of service this product will provide .
 Unit performs as advertised . Works really well for a quick charge of my solar system battery bank of 8 batteries when it has been cloudy and the solar system is not optimum . Got here very quick . I am indeed pleased with this product . Barry Bryan , Huntsville , Alabama .
 real nice little charger . time will tell how reliable it is . so far so good !!!!!!
 It works great , much better then the small trickle charger/maintainers . I got it on sale , and it paid for itself by saving an Optima red top that no other charger could recognize . I lost the wheel retainer hubs before assembly and Schumacher sent me two new ones no questions asked .
 The Schumacher SE-4022 battery charger has , so far , performed flawlessly . It has versatile settings , volt and amp readouts , and is simple to use . This particular design has been around for many years and it really works . If you need a battery charger with wheeled mobility , this is the one . . , or one like it from Schumacher .
 This charger is a very nice charger . Prospective buyers should be aware -LRB- I was -RRB- that there is no automatic shut-off when battery is fully charged . There is a timer to regulate the length of charging time . I did not realize by the specs & write up that the `` tester '' was a simple volt meter . I already own 3 or 4 of those on different testers . Even though there is a convenience factor to the meter being mounted in the charger - I would not have paid so much more for it had I realized a voltmeter was all that it is . Also I would have liked to see a sturdier set of wheels & tires that would make it roll better in gravel & dirt . I am certain that the high quality of this charger will give me many years of service . The 3 year manufacturers warranty is great . Shipping time was excellent .
 I bought this charger after my hand held smart charger stopped working . I wanted a charger that had ample boost capability . I have used this charger a couple of times now and has worked flawlessly . I 'm very pleased with its performance and very happy with the price . Please be aware that this is NOT a smart charger . I have owned several smart chargers -LRB- both high quality , $ 150 and low quality , $ 79 -RRB- in the past and they have all either failed or were not accurate . This unit works very simple . Set the timer select the proper amperage and let it work . If you are unable to operate a manual charger I would recommend searching for good quality smart charger with very good reviews .
 This is a great charger . I ordered it and received it three days later with standard shipping charges . Pretty impressive huh !!! The only bad thing is the plastic , injection molded tires that come with the unit . They are hollow and pretty thin . I ca n't imagine they would last any length of time if it is moved around frequently . I did not even put them on the unit . I went to Home Depot and bought some hard rubber tires with metal wheels and had to buy some bushings as the axle on the unit is fairly small . It is now a great unit ! Schumacher should just spend a little bit more for better tires and charge four or five dollars more .
 Fast , free shipping and discounted price made for a great value purchase . Have used to charge dual batteries for diesel trucks . Works great ! Did not start truck in start mode until 10 minutes of charge on completely dead batteries , but that may be normal for any charger in 200 amp start mode . Casing very thin , and wheels light duty , which is just fine unless you are in an abusive environment . The wheels work fine because the unit is not very heavy . I am very happy with this unit and would highly recommend it so long as you know how to calculate how long to charge your batteries -LRB- although the timer could have a larger time range for charging dual , parallel connected batteries -RRB- . This is a manual charger that you can set the charge time for up to 2-1/2 hours at user selectable 40 or 2 amps . I do n't trust my memory to leave it charge in continuous mode .
 This charger is great and has a very good boost mode for quick start when batteries are dead . I see other reviewers here complaining about a shut-off but that 's why this is considered a `` maunual '' charger and not a `` smart '' or `` automatic '' charger . So keep that in mind before you purchase . If you 're looking for a great MANUAL charger this one 's for you if you 're looking for a smart or automatic charger then I recommend theNOCO G750 NOCO Genius Gray 6V and 12V 750mA -LRB- .75 A -RRB- Fully Automatic Battery Charger and Maintaineras it 's the best one i have personally used on the market .
 WE HAVE ONLY HAD THIS BATTERY CHARGER FOR ABOUT THREE WEEKS NOW , BUT IT HAS PERFORMED VERY WELL . IT IS USED FIVE DAYS A WEEK , AND AT LEAST 2 OR THREE TIMES A DAY AT OUR SHOP . HANDS DOWN IT IS ONE OF THE BEST BATTERY CHARGEERS WE HAVE HAD IN A LONG TIME .
 I live north of seattle and own a lexus that does n't get driven much ... notorious for high battery demand ... found that my automatic charger would n't charge the battery when it was discharged almost completely ... this is a manual charger so you have to watch the timer settings to prevent over charge ... but it works quite well and brought the battery up to charge in a reasonably short time ... I would repurchase another and recommend to a friend .
 excellent machine , does everything i wanted ; quickly delivered too . wish i had ordered it years ago ; thanks
 It 's the best money we 've ever spent on a batter charger . He loves that he can wheel it around -LRB- he has a bad back -RRB- , has a tester on it , and it charges batteries in no time . A very good product !
 This charger works great arrived fast and well packed it was a great price easy to put together if you need a good charger this is the one
 I had a small charger for a couple of decades that finally gave out . Living in a rural area I needed something that would start the diesel engines on my truck and tractor . It does a great job .
 Order this to replace a name brand tool companies charger that died after a couple o years of use . Arrived early and was easy to assemble . Works great and is exactly as stated in the description . Very pleased with this purchase . Priced this locally and it was $ 50 + than what it is on Amazon !
 This is the second of this brand of charger that I have purchased . The timer on the first one quit after about 5 years but the charger still worked until it was lost in a fire . The 200 amp start option is great for winter conditions . Definitely worth the money . The auto sensing shutoff feature would be nice though
 So , I wanted to combine a few chargers that I already had , and gain the capability to start a dead vehicle . Also , I wanted to be able to turn the charger on and have it shut itself off on its own . No more writing notes to remind me the charger is on ! This one seems to fit the bill . Everything works well so far . I have 9 cars/trucks and there 's always one or two of them that need a little help . From trickle to start , and both 12 and 9 volt . Great charger .
 Product works great and is a vast improvement from the smaller trickle chargers/conditioners if you 're wanting to actually quickly jump a dead battery . Assembly was quick and easy , packing was good and had no damage . The wheels are cheap and chintzy but seem to work well enough in my dirt floor pole barn . Starts my cars and tractors without a problem , should have bought years ago.Update
 A must have for the auto technician with the cold weather on the way , I thought it was priced right and performs well
 even though it was damaged in shipping this charger works great and i would recomend it to anyone it charges fast and since it has a fan it does not over heat like most chargers
 Bought this as a gift and have used it at home and at the neighbors . Even truck it to town to help relatives . Works on the Massey Ferguson Tractor right down to the quads and everything in between . Love it . and the price was great too !!!
 Great prouduct . Fit my Chevy conversion van perfect , which has a huge dash.Excellent quality.Color matched perfect . I also have one for my Porsche and the Wifes ' Camry .
 These rotors were a great saving over buying at the local store . It included free shipping and no tax . THe local discount store would have cost almost 70 % more . Installed them myself with new pads . Been working great for the last 2 months . No squeaking and rust spots -LRB- normal on many rotors -RRB- are minimal . By the way , I dont recommend changing your own brakes unless you know what you 're doing . You dont want to brake and have a wheel fall off .
 There is not much you can say about rubbing compound . But , this one works very well . Hot Tip
 Well , 3M is the best that I 've found for all of this type product . It may not be the best in the world -LRB- do n't know -RRB- , but it their products have reliable quality and performance - this is no exception . Follow the directions and use a little elbow grease -LRB- whether using a machine or by hand -RRB- and it will perform . If one application does n't do the job , repeat and you will see improvements . It 's a real mess to undo if the first application ` over performs ' - so having to apply two or even three times for troublesome areas is not a negative for me . Can follow-up with 3M 39002 that is for finer work , and polish with the hand glaze for a show-car like finish.Excellent products , and not the cheapest on the market , but when looking at costs for professional paint and body work , the price really begins to make sense and the results will make concerns over price fade away . You really do n't need a lot to work an area one foot in diameter -LRB- for example -RRB- - about a quarter-size dollop will do it .
 What a great job . I thought I was going to go to a body shop for a new paint job but this did the trick
 This is basically a standard UPS with three exceptions.First , it is not intended for use on computers and thus does not have a USB connector to tell your computer to shut down when the power goes out.Second , and most importantly , its battery capacity is about 6 times that of a standard UPS . For instance , the Tripplite 700 UPS has a 7aH battery , which will provide 400 watts of power for about 7 minutes . This unit has 2 20aH batteries , for a total of 40aH , and should provide 400 watts for about 35 minutes . My big screen , Onkyo surround system , and satellite dish draw about 200 watts , so in an outage , I can probably watch TV for an hour . If my PVR alone is left on , it can run for 5 hours or longer.Third , this unit has a power meter on it , so you can tell exactly how many watts you are drawing .
 I live off-grid , in an RV . I run the generator to recharge a 300aH bank of batteries for the 12v systems in the RV . But even the smallest , most efficient generator still supplies more power than I need . With the excess power I charge several of these Xantrex PowerSources . They then give me back the AC power I need when the generator is off . I use them to power my internet connection , laptop , cell phone recharges , watching TV/DVD , etc. . As for usage ... I have a 26 '' standard TV w/DVD , and I can watch a DVD for 3 hours or so . My wireless internet dish only draws about 5 watts , and I can keep it powered for days . If you are looking to power just a laptop and cell phone , for 8 hours a day , you could probably last two days with one unit . These batteries should not be discharged down to more than 50 % , and the unit will beep loudly and eventually shut off power , so you do n't get the full use of 400 watts overall , it 's more like 240 . You also do n't really get 400 watts at once , count on only plugging in 300 watts worth of stuff at a time . Even so , given the price per amp-hour of AGM batteries , this UPS is still an incredible deal , just in battery value alone -- and a much better deal considering portability -LRB- luggable , but not too bad -RRB- , and the included inverter and drawdown info . Very easy to use , the readouts on both my units have always worked fine and any beeping that does happen is appropriate and helpful . Family friendly , and relatively idiot-proof . Once I explained how they worked , others who have stayed in my trailer have found them easy to operate and difficult to damage . Anyway , buy a couple of these and you 'll run your generator WAY less often and for a much shorter time .
 This is an early review in that I have not had to witness a lengthy power outage to determine its run-time , but from initial experience it seems to run as expected . Some things I do want to pass on to other people , is that this UPS is like most others , even though its from an inverter specialist , and will not operate on an existing modified sine-wave inverter . This wo n't bother most people however . Others should just note that it is very large as is needed for the run-time it is able to offer , and weighs a good amount too . It does not have a continous audible alarm when operating in backup mode . The documentation states it is a modified sine wave inverter , however I have not checked to see what the exact output looks like . I do n't have any delicate equipment connected , so I can not know if it would cause buzzing from audio equipment or picture distortion in video equipment.If you require a long run-time from a quiet back-up system this is an ideal solution . I use it to back-up power to my weather monitoring computer because I am gone too much during the day to activate my manual backup system .
 I bought this battery backup unit to safeguard my work on my computer from power outages . I got it just in time . In the past week , there were two very short power interruptions , and I was able to continue working and downloading without any problems . The PowerSource 400 switched to battery power smoothly and kept my computer , monitor , and DSL modem performing normally while the power was out . When the power came back on , it quickly charged back up ready for the next outage . The PowerSource 400 performed as advertised . I am very satisfied and would highly recommend this battery backup unit to anyone who depends upon computers throughout his or her workday .
 This is a really unusual product in that it can run for about an hour on full power -LRB- 400 watts -RRB- , or lots of hours with a light load.If you need to stay powered up , and are concerned about intermittent AC power service , this unit is quite nice . It has 26lbs of lead acid batteries -LRB- 2 12v 20ah batteries -RRB- inside , which cost a minimum $ 50 each to replace . So you are getting over $ 100 of value just in the battery of system.It is not as `` smart '' as some computer oriented UPS units with USB and ethernet ports , which often drive higher output loads -LRB- often 1200 or more watts -RRB- , but its battery is quite large for its price point , and its easy to use for most consumers .
 I purchased the Xantrex Technologies 852-0400 XPower PowerSource 400-Watt Back-up Power Solution to provide generator free backup power for the sporadic power outages we have in the Northwest.We are using the Duracell XPower PowerSource to backup for our bedroom lights and radio alarm clock . When the power goes out where we live it is often out for days . When this happens we replace the bulbs in the bedside lights with CFL which helps to keep the overall watt usage down while providing sufficient lighting.Since we only use the bedside lamps for a short time in the evenings before sleeping and the radio alarm clock uses so little power I calculate the product will provide useful power for over four days.I gave the product four stars because the first one I received was defective . The manufacturer replaced the product at no charge . Technical support was very helpful , the RMA process painless , and the replacement was at my door in short order .
 I have only had this product for a few weeks but I have tested it and was quite happy with the result . The switch over from line power to internal power was seamless . The transition back to line power was the same . I had a Desktop PC , small lamp , cordless phone , router , Vonage modem , stereo and speaker switch for my whole house system operating for just shy of two hours before the fifty percent signal sounded . There was no deterioration of performance quality on my phone , sound system , or PC -LRB- Including my Magicjack -RRB- . I really like the display of wattage use , although it is not extremely precise . It was good enough for me to tweak my device choices.I bought this to have a safeguard against my family being left without communication should I not be home to get the generator started in case of an outage . It also provides me a ` no panic ' time frame even if I am home , to get the generator going.I would recommend this product . For the price there is nothing out there to compare . It is a little on the heavy side due to the battery capacity , but I am not planning on moving it so that is not much of a problem . Even though it is heavy it is not bulky and fits under my desk without interferring with my movements.It does not have any USB capability , but that also is not a deterrent for my uses.A reviewer mentioned a bothersome beeping . The unit does signal when there is a status change , but it is not constant . it 's a feature that is more covenient then bothersome in my opinion . I do n't have to concern myself with keeping an eye on it 's status . Having the power off is enough to think about . There is also a fan noise when the unit is recharging itself , but again , it was n't anything that was intrusive , although it was constant for the entire recharge which lasted several hours.This was a small price too pay for a whole bunch of convenience.I am thinking about getting the 1800 watt unit so as to extend my time before having to generate power , since a generator seems mighty noisy at night . I would then be able to use this unit to power lights and other covenience devices . HAVE NOW HAD THE 400 WATT UNIT ALMOST TWO YEARS AND I AM COMPLETELY DELIGHTED WITH IT . IT HAS GOTTEM ME THROUGH SEVERAL POWER OUTAGES SEAMLESSLY .
 I bought this product because I am in the Army and needed a power source available away from vehicles and buildings . This is great ! Smaller size when compared to other products because it does what it is supposed to do . Provide emergency or portable power , and let me tell you it delivers . It does not have useless feature I did n't want such as
 The xantrex unit works as advertised . It is heavy , but offers enough capacity to run computers or other equipment for several hours instead of several minutes like other smaller backup power supplies . I have three of these and would recommend them to anyone looking for a portable AC power source or a backup power source for power outages .
 Have run a 31 '' TV , Dishnetwork reciever , DVD player , portable computer , wireless telephone/answering machine and flourescent lamp for combined totals of 5 watts to 130 watts with no noticeable effects when switching between ac input and operating of internal batteries . Works great .
 I have had them all and this is by far the best ! Compared to others , this one has the horsepower to do what you need it to do , including enough energy to last quite a while as well as powering when it is plugged in and taking over when it needs to .
 Bought because it weighed more than any other battery backup at Best Buy.Used for emergency backup for Sleep Apnia Respironics machine.Took camping many times . Ran the machine for multiple nights.Had five years . . still works great . I `` sleep '' better knowing its there for me . .
 I use this as a backup for my nano marine aquarium . It will keep the pump going for 14 hours -LRB- when the power came back on -RRB- at 12 watts . Great for those Florida power outages ! Highly recommend . I could only kill it when I had the 2 pumps and the chiller going , and that was 2 hours later.Worth every penny . Plus , no beeping ! Just a pretty blue light .
 I love it ! I bought it for my husbands birthday cause our power goes out all the time . Twice just last week we were the only people for blocks that had light , tv , dish network , and a clock . It was amazing . The only thing we could n't plug into it was the airconditioner . lol
 It works as advertised but it has two major drawbacks
 This UPS is great , we have 4 of them and all are used on our servers . Depending on what we have plugged into it they run from on hour to eight hours . The only down side to this UPS is the weight and the fact that it does n't have a usb input so that you can attach it to a computer to have the computer shutdown when the battery is getting low .
 My unit only beeps once , when it starts up after a power failure.The owner 's manual is OK -LRB- There is a website -- I did not use it . -RRB- I will probably be getting a 2nd one soon .
 I have had this product for over a year , and happy to make comments . It performs as advertised . I have a desktop , monitor , cable modem , and wireless router plugged in . It has performed very nicely during power outages . Excellent product . I would buy again .
 This is a good product . I work in places sometimes where I have to sit in my vehicle for 8 hours and I want to run my laptop , charge my cell phone , or watch tv . I tried The Power Source and it works great . I was using the battery jumpers from Sears , and they suck . I had the one with the cigarrette lighter on it , so you have to have an adapter to plug in a cord for electronics . With the battery jumpers , my laptop would not always be charging although it was plugged in . With the Power Source it was always on charge when it was plugged in and it even fully charged my laptop . My Sears batter jumper never did that . The Power Source is a bit heavy at 35lbs . but it is worth it . I like the fact that you can have the batteries replaced after they burn out .
 I work as an online teacher and live in Costa Rica , where we have more than the occasional brown outs and black outs , so it is important that I have a back up if the power goes out . I reluctantly bought this because I did not want to pay so much for a battery which may or may not give me power enough to stay connected to the cyber classroom . My power was out for more than an hour and twenty minutes and I was able to keep teaching since the battery kept my desktop , 19 LCD monitor and my modem up and running for the entire time ! I am really impressed .
 This is the best UPS out there in terms of longevity and price as compared to other UPS . My electricity goes out quite often and I have major school work deadlines to meet . It saved me more than once in the short month I 've had it . It does what it says . I was able to get 7 hours running a lap top , printer , modem , and a light set on 50 Watts . In addition I was able to run a boom box on it for 2-3 hours over the 7 hours stated . I like the beeping warning it gives and that it shows the percentage of battery life left . The only drawback is the ability to charge a battery like the one in a lap top . It does do it , but may cause damage to it if you want to take the chance . This is clearly stated in the owner 's manual .
 When cruise ships arrive to Old San Juan and stay until midnight , you can have 3 to 4 lamps with spiral shaped 13watt bulbs that illuminate like 60 watt bulbs and you have power for 4 nights in a row @ 4 hours per night.However , to extend the life of it , I recharge it nightly . Works great since june and should last quite some time . Much , much better than the ones with jump start feature .
 The Xantrex portable powersource has allowed us to go mobile at outrigger canoe races with a fully powered laptop , a printer and keep an Ipod charges while it 's hooked up to sound system.Great product
 You can use this when it is unplugged from the wall outlet . Most UPS 's do n't recommend that . This product works as advertised , and I got it for a great price from Amazon . Unfortunately , shortly after I bought it the price went up significantly ! The blue LED on the back is useful for when the power goes out in the dark . It illuminates the outlets in the back so you can see to plug things in.By the way , for an average 70 Watt load , I used it for 6 hours -LRB- disconnected from AC power -RRB- and according to its battery meter , I would have been able to get another 2 hours out of it , for a total backup time of 8 hours . I 'm using this for my home networking equipment and Verizon FIOS .
 Arrived in perfect condition on the date that was given . Have replaced the broken tail light with this one and the price was also a big factor in ordering this from you . Thank You !
 The unit arrived in a timely manner.The fit & finish are correct for a 1994 Dakota.I only replaced one that was broken and the new unit matches the original on the other side just fine .
 Fits just like it should . What else could I want ? Beat the parts store price and got here FAST ! Fantastic .
 Normal key-fob size , works from pretty reasonably far away , easy to program -LRB- just push the ` Learn ' button on the side of the opener and then push the button on the remote -RRB- .
 It 's very easy to program and use . Make sure its the right frequency for your garage opener . This is for 318Mhz . Nice small and sleek . Great addition or replacement product .
 Bought two units for the price of one ! Programming is not the easiest at first , but you have to read the instructions for the overhead door opener depending on your model number .
 It does exactly what it 's supposed to do . It 's small , lightweight and was very easy to program with the included instructions .
 Arrived quick and in good shape . Had to get on a ladder to get to garage door motor . Instuctions for me were this
 We wanted a small remote that would fit on a keychain . This one fits the bill , and has a nice range .
 I got these for the kids so they could close and open the garage door when they go on bike rides instead of leaving the garage door wide open while no one is home . They were super easy to link up and have held up fine over the last couple of months of use by a couple of teens .
 I wish I would have ordered this much , much earlier.It is small , works great at a distance , and is not cumbersome to carry with you.For the type of garagre door opener I have , programing this xmitter was easy for me.This is because I was aware of the available &#34; opener &#34; functions without the &#34; opener &#34; manual.Someone without this knowledge or the manual living in a large complex , like myself , may not have it so easy .
 This is exactly what I wanted . It might even be easier than the remote button that was in my old car .
 this remote took only seconds to pair with my opener and it works excellent no longer have to worry that if someone broke into my truck they could easily grab my big old bulky remote and get right into the house but with this one my opener is always with me and my car keys
 Looking for something different besides the typical garage door opener that hangs from your visor . This one was small and can detach from your key chain . Was worth the money , no to mention was fairly cheap .
 I bought this keychain remote from ASPDoors on Amazon for my Linear garage door opener -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . I had another identical remote that got lost and I just missed having it . I use it when I go walk my dog - it 's easy to just take along with me when I go . We also use this to loan out to family or friends when they need access to the house . I 've had no problems with it , the range is normal and it always works . I highly recommend this product .
 Works perfectly with my Linear garage opener . It paired instantly and works great . The range is n't great , but it 's fine when you 're close enough .
 As other reviewers noted , it took more time to break out the ladder than it did to program the transmitter . I programmed a pair in about 120 seconds -- I did n't unwrap them first.Convenient and discreet.Excellent .
 I have a Linear MegaCode Garage Door Opener 318 Mhz -LRB- confirmed `` MegaCode '' by going to Linear website - If you have lost your instruction booklet -RRB- . Received the remotes -LRB- 2 ordered -RRB- in small plastic bags with folded instructions . I read the instructions , but they really were not needed for the opener that I have . All you do is push the `` Learn '' button on the garage door opener and after the light flashes , push the button on the remote . This caused the opener to flash a couple more times and that was all I needed . It took literally 5 seconds from start to finish , if you were to ignore the part about reading the unnecessary instructions . Great item that works and feels well built .
 Ordered 3 because I only got one opener with my new garage door ... and already misplaced it.I should have ordered them MONTHS ago . They work from the end of my driveway -LRB- over 80 feet -RRB- on the first press of the button . Crazy-easy to program
 Nice keychain remote , arrived in 2 days with amazon prime shipping . I needed a remote for the car I leave parked in the driveway and did not want to leave a remote in it , this fits the bill perfectly . Programmed with ease in 1 minute or less . Would recommend this to others .
 I bought this becasue my opener was n't working well and thought this would be small and easy to use . It was easy to program and works very well .
 Works great ! Have had it for a few months now and have had no problems . Easy to setup . Only thing that i had to get used to , is that moving around with my keys in my pocket sometimes opened the garage door .
 Came quickly . Fits on my key chain . Easy to program . Just make sure you get the right frequency for your garage !
 I love this garage remote . It works perfectly , was easy to set up , and is handy to have on my key chain !
 Our original garage door opener is bulky and hard to find a place for it in our cars . This one hangs on the keychain and is much less intrusive . What 's more ! It was easily programmed .
 Installation was easy !! I really like the design and the way it fits my Jeep . Great product for the money !!
 I liked it a lot but seemed to have trouble charging it . It came in handy when my electricity went out .
 I initially charged this for two days . My first use was to run my cash register at a craft fair . I used it all day and it still shows the charge at 100 % . Granted a cash register does n't draw much juice , but I am very pleased . I really do n't feel it is uncomfortably heavy as many reviewers stated .
 I use this item for outdoor projects and it works just great . Already I have used it once to jump start a vehicle with the attached cables . It works well . No complaints .
 Xantrex XPower Powerpack 600HD Portable Power Source is good for light duty jobs , such as camping or fishing trips when you just need a little bit of power to get you through the day .
 I have a cabin out in Oregon and the power drops alot due to the winds . This the best thing to have because it 's so easy for low power backup .
 Nice unit , heavy duty , -LSB- I -RSB- like the fact it only has to be recharged every 3 months.HOWEVER I can see my unit is reconditioned because of the scratches and nicks on the case . If I had known that I would have NOT purchased it .
 I bought this for my fiance and he loved it ! He is a hard person to buy gifts for . He is always looking for products that will help out in a power outage or for an emergency situation . He was thrilled to get the Powerpack 600HD . Thank you !
 I use this to power an 8 year old Wilson Hitting Streak Pitching Machine . I had an old 300 or 400 watt power pack that I used to use but it finally died so I upgraded . Do n't know about other purposes , do n't care much about the radio , but for my machine it powers it easily over twice as long as they old one -LRB- I run the machine for 45 minutes and do n't get to 50 % -RRB- and even gives it more juice -LRB- did n't know it would pitch this fast -RRB- . Heavy but not really considering what it is . Nice handle makes it very comfortable to carry .
 Reviewed everyone 's comments about this device and no one said anything bad so I decided to give it a try . My mom and I used it over the July 4th weekend while we were camping , it worked great . This device is easy to use , I am able to carry it and it charged my cell phone and my lap top repeatedly . I did not want to deal with a gas generator , being rather engine illiterate this item was a perfect option . I highly recommend it to any woman that wants something to charge those items you need . It is not to big , I put it right behind the drivers seat on the floor and stacked sleeping bags on it , no worries about gas leakage and vapors . When I needed it a flip of the switch and open the socked cover and it was ready to go . If I needed a light in camp I had access to a very easy one on the device . This was a great buy and will be traveling again with us in October for a three week camping trip having that ability to recharge it using my car 's lighter is a great bonus . Thanks for all the helpful reviews ...
 Fantastic product ! Good value . We can say nothing negative about it . We carry it with us on trips . Family members borrow it . Wow - what more can be said .
 The powerpack delivers but it promises . Portable power , both DC and AC . Trickle charger and the light work well . I have n't had any problems with my unit yet but the radio definitely needs improvement . Although it has a digital tuner , adjacent stations seem to overlap . Also the speaker is very small .
 I bought the unit in November of 2007 for a campout my family was having . The unit worked very well . I ran a laptop and external hard drive off of it for almost 3 hours and still had enough juice to jumpstart my car with it the next day before recharging . I think in most ways it is better than a generator as you do n't have to refuel it . Just plug it in to a car DC outlet or a standard AC outlet and let it charge for 2-6 hours and you 're good as new . An excellent buy itf you do n't have huge power requirements.Pros - Virtually noiseless , lightweight compared to a generator , good recharge time for a battery.Cons - Less capability than a generator to supply power , shorter life.Overall rating - 4 of 5 Stars
 This is a great little charger . Its a bit heavy , but it sure helps on camping trips for plugging in phone chargers and lots of other things . And it does n't lose much power . Also great when the power goes out . Just keep it close . The light on it wont help you in the dark if you cant even find the charger .
 XPower Powerpack 300 Plus - 120 VAC/60 Hzthis unit was more than i expected . . i purchased it to operate a television at tail gate partys ... i worked and had power to soare
 My buddy and I got this product to use when we Tailgate before football games . It works great to power my 20 inch TV so we can watch the previous football game . Great product !
 I just received the Xantrex Powerpack 600D in the mail yesterday and I could n't be more pleased . Althought the product did ship in its original packaging , it was delivered inside of another non-descript brown box so no one would know what was inside . I read some of the other reviews where people said they received used models instead of new ones , but mine came brand new from the manufacturer . Perhaps when you purchase one deeply discounted you get a refurbished model . My model arrived nearly fully charged and I only had to charge it a few hours for it to register at 100 % . The light on the front is a nice addition and it shines a very bright and focused beam . Despite the incredibly small buttons for the clock and the radio that are difficult to press , both the clock and the radio work fine . The radio does n't provide the best reception , but for emergency updates and the news it works in a pinch with a great volume . Charging the battery could n't be easier since it comes with an adapter and it 's recommeded that you leave it plugged up until you need it . You ca n't overcharge the system and it 'll always be ready . It 's very sturdy and heavy -LRB- especially for women -RRB- , but it is portable and that 's what counts . Overall I am VERY pleased with the purchase and I know I 'll be ready the next time the lights go out . I was so pleased that I ordered one for my mom !
 I DO THE GUN SHOW CIRCUIT IN TEXAS AND USE THIS WHERE ELECTICITY COSTS $ 45 TO RUN MY CASH REGISTER FOR THE WEEKEND ! DID TO TAKE LONG TO TO GET THE COST OF THE UNIT BACK ! IT IS NOT VERY HEAVY TO CARRY AND WORKS ALL WEEKEND LONG . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS UNIT TO ANYONE . WELL WORTH THE INITIAL COST FOR ME . MAY GET ANOTHER ONE !!!!!!!!
 I got this for temp power if i lose electricity , I had it for a week and the power went out , i ran a fan , laptop and cell phone off it for a few hours to finish up my work.Did exactly what i bought it for .
 This product has worked very well for me . I bought a used pitching machine to use for batting practice for my son & his little league team . It turned out that the thing ran on AC power , okay if you have a backyard or an outlet near a batting cage , but we live in Brooklyn and do n't have a backyard . I bought the portable power pack and it works just fine , I can take my pitching machine to the park or a playground and hold an outdoor batting practice .
 The battery is not that strong -LRB- 28AH -RRB- , but generally it is a very good powerpack . Very good for emergencies . I recommend the company use a 60AH battery .
 It actually does what it is advertised to do . It last longer than the other ones I 've had in the past . when I use it at my hunting lease it will last a whole night . I can turn off the generator and plug in my laptop and turn on the radio and light and play till tired and there 's still enough juice in the morning for the light and me to get up and get moving around . I tested it with some other equipment and it works fine I would recommend this unit to any camper . Not too heavy for the use you get from it . Very rugged structure .
 The pack does everything the description said it would do . The quality of the pack is great . With this and the lantern we purchased , I 'm ready for the next power outage . Great product . Great idea putting an inverter with the jump starter .
 Recently received my powerpack . Have n't had to technically use it yet , but tested it thoroughly . Great backup for minor appliances during short-term blackouts . Safe , clean , and rapidly recharges when necessary . Not terribly heavy . I 'm a petite woman and it does n't seem heavy to me . Do n't expect it to perform as a generator , but it 's definitely a must when you need backup .
 Wonderful power supply when you need it . Never be in the dark again or stranded with a dead battery . Excellent for power outages or for camping .
 I bought the Xantrex 600HD and have used it several times with excellent results . Very simple operation , the handy light , am/fm radio and the 12V car battery charger with included cables makes it a very well rounded package . In a test I made , I could run about 2 sets of christmas lights for over 5 hours and in another set up , i run an Ipod plus speakers for almost 10 hours straight . For larger loads you may need something bigger but for short time needs , this product offers great features for a minimum price . Did I mention that you may also get free shipping ?
 I like the product . It will power most small electric items which do not electrically produce heat -- iron , toaster , hair dryer , etc. I keep it plugged in in my basement . I used it on two camping trips and also for a short power outage -LRB- less than 1 hour -RRB- . I was able to run a 27 '' CRT television and a floor lamp during the power outage without any problem . The manual recommends a maximum 13 '' TV to not overload the unit , but I found that my 27 '' TV only used about 100 watts . The digital watt readout is very handy to insure that you keep below the unit 's rating.It wo n't provide continuous power like a generator , but it is portable , quiet , and easy to use . My 7 year old can lift it and knows how to turn it on -- you ca n't say that with a generator.I liked this model because it did NOT have the bells and whistles of the other models and had a larger amp capacity . I already have an air compressor that plugs into the lighter socket in the car ; I did n't want a unit with more attachments than necessary for it 's main function -- a temporary power supply . I have not used the jumper cables , but they are a heavy duty quality.If you want fail-safe back-up power for an outage then buy a generator.But if you want a stop-gap power supply which is easy for the whole family to use -LRB- wife , kids -RRB- , then this item is highly recommended . Keeps you in touch with weather and news during a short power outage , can be used on a camping trip , or as an A/C -LRB- inverter -RRB- power source in a car .
 A recent power outage this Summer convinced me to look into somekind of emergency power . Needing something to be able to run some fans , the Xantrex powerpack looked like a good idea for that need . I 've charged it and have even tested it out . No complaints from me . It does what it is supposed to do .
 I use this not only as an emergency back up , but also for powering small tools when doing yard work . It saves me from having to figure out how to run an extension cord around the house when I want to do some pruning with my reciprocating saw .
 After spending my vacation in Florida during hurricane Wilma , I learned the value of being prepared for a prolonged power outage . This unit would have been just the thing.This is essentially a big 12 volt battery and an inverter that produces 120v AC from the battery . While this unit wo n't power a heater or an air conditioner , it can power a small fan overnight so you can sleep . It can also charge your cell phone and laptop . -LRB- After all , your laptop 's DVD player might be your only entertainment . -RRB- The XPower can power a lamp so you can read or play cards , or you can watch a small TV for a few hours . You can plug in just about anything so long as the total number of watts drawn is 480 or less . -LRB- The 600 watt rating is a 5 minute rating , you can only draw 480 watts continuously . -RRB- Keep in mind , if you do pull 480 watts , you 'll only get 15 minutes of run time . It 's best to think of the 600HD as a way to keep small essentials going.There 's an emergency light built-in . if you place the unit so the light bounces off a near-by wall , it makes a nice low-level room light . With the backside facing you , you see the built-in clock radio . It 's not hi-fi , but it 's not horrible , it has good volume and it can wake you in the morning . There 's also a 12v outlet and a connector for attaching the supplied jumper cables.You do have to be mindful of the number of watts you pull from the unit if you want the battery to last . It 's easy to know how many watts you 're drawing because the unit tells you on it 's digital display . It 's a good thing you can charge the XPower from a car cigarette lighter . During my adventure in Wilma 's wake , I would have used the XPower by night and charged it in the car while driving during the day . The digital display also shows the percentage of charge left in the battery.The best thing to have during a prolonged power outage is a gas generator . But generators require periodic maintenance . And you have to store fresh gas and remember to change the gas periodically . With the HD600 , you just find an out-of-the-way corner , plug in the AC charger and forget all about it until the lights go out.The XPower has a big 28 amp-hour battery which is good for capacity , but makes the unit heavy , almost 30 pounds , so you wo n't want to carry it very far . Xantrex makes smaller units , but I think the 600 is the best compromise between capacity and portability . The XPower 's construction is robust and it looks like it could take some hard knocks .
 1 -RRB- The downloadable manual available here on Amazon says the maker 's warranty on this gadget is six months , not one year as Amazon 's description says .2 -RRB- Xantrex says the sealed lead-acid battery is not replaceable by the user . SLA batteries typically have a service life of about 200 charge/discharge cycles at best , not 500-1000 cycles like NiMH or NiCd batteries .3 -RRB- The manual warns users that SOME devices such as discharge lamps , variable-speed tools , and power tool battery chargers may be damaged by the inverter 's modified sine wave output -- but I know from experience that this type inverter will run several makers ' VS tools and battery chargers perfectly well . It 's wise to check with the tool 's manufacturer to be certain .
 I purchased this product to use primarily in case my battery died , and secondarily as a portable power source when camping or away from a source of electricity.The powerpack works great when starting any size car with a completely dead battery . The built-in inverter is great to charge cell phones or run small appliances when camping for example.The display is very useful , showing either the percentage charge or the real-time wattage being used.Be forewarned , though , that this item is heavy and portable only inasmuch as it has a handle . I would n't lug it too far . Also , while charging is quick through the cigarette lighter cable , it takes a long time through the AC adaptor.Overall , a great purchase .
 WARNING !!! Like many people I plugged this PowerPack into the wall overnight , and waited for the blinking green light to hold steady to indicate full charge . Then it was time for some fun testing to see how long the battery would last powering certain things . My first test was powering a 9 watt LED -LRB- for emergency lighting -RRB- . According tot he box , it should run for at least 32 hours straight . I got 18 hours in practice . I tried a laptop that should be powered for 7 hours -LRB- lasted for 4 hours before battery went to zero -RRB- . Needless to say I was ticked !! WTF ! Half run-times ?!?! Then I read the instruction -LRB- and it 's real easy to overlook in the booklet -RRB- , the first time charging is CRITICAL to the performance of this PowerPack.VERY VERY IMPORTANT ! When you first get your PowerPack , you need to charge it for AT LEAST 48 hours . The reason is many of these packs are stored in warehouses for months and never recharged . Charging just till when the Green light stays steady is NOT when it 's full during the FIRST CHARGE . That just means the VOLTAGE is where it needs to be , the diminished AMPERAGE takes more time to build back up than the 28 to 36 hours some people assume.You can leave it plugged into the wall for a week , and the PowerPack will run at full capacity from that point on . After that point , you can charge for 24 to 36 hours -LRB- from empty battery status -RRB- and you should be good to go . The AC wall plug has a `` Plug and Forget '' system . So when it 's done charging , the system goes into maintenance mode . So you can leave it plugged in all the time . ==== THE REVIEW ====== The battery is based on Watt Usage . Here are the official AC run-times -LRB- I was able to confirm many of these times -RRB- :5 watts = Cordless Phone = 56 hrs8 watts = Clock Radio = 35 hrs10 watts = Portable stereo = 28 hrs14 watts = CFL light bulb = 20 Hrs15 watts = Portable DVD player = 19 Hrs40 watts = Laptop -LRB- idle -RRB- = 7 hrs60 watts = Small 13 '' TV = 4.5 hrs190 watts = 3/8 Drill = 50 min276 watts = Sander = 30 minThe LED meter shows wattage being consumed . To check battery level , you need turn off the AC inverter and hold the button down to check battery level . Personally , I would have preferred a meter that allowed me to choose which info I would like displayed . I would have found knowing battery remaining info more useful than watts used . === CHARGING === The biggest PRO I can mention is the many ways you can charge this pack ! Here are the charging methods and my experiences : AC charging - Takes 36 hours max to charge from the AC -LRB- from empty battery -RRB- . The AC adapter is really a DC converter outputting 12 volts @ 2.5 amps to the PowerPack . This is charged through a small charging port that can handle NO MORE THAN 2.5 AMPS.DC Charging - You charge using a separate cigarette lighter input . The pack comes with a 2 ended cigarette adaptor cable . Plug one end into the PowerPack 's cigarette port , and the other into the car 's cigarette port . Takes 4 to 6 hours to charge . Great way to charge on road trips.Solar Charging - You can charge the pack with a 5 to 30 watt unregulated portable solar panel as long it does n't output more than 2.5 AMPs using the smaller port where the AC adaptor would go . The charging times TAKES DAYS ! It 's fine if you are using the PowerPack lightly and have good sunlight . You can recharge in a day using the 30 watt solar panel . So for camping , it does have a major benefit for LIGHT USE like charging USB electronics . If you use it for any heavy use and you will need to charge for days to make the PowerPack usable.Alternative Charging - I found this on my own . If an car alternator can charge this PowerPack via the cigarette port , so can ANY 12 volt REGULATED be used to charge this battery . I have a 90 watt solar panel outputting 3.5 AMPS and able to charge this pack in under 6 to 9 hours . The solar panel or alternative power source needs a 12 volt charge controller to prevent overcharging . I have tested large wattage solar panels , a waterwheel generator , and a bike pedal generator , and they all work . The key is the charge controller and a cigarette adaptor.EXTRA CAR BATTERY - Not really a charging method . The pack has a car boosting port and jumper cable attachment -LRB- used for jump starting car batteries -RRB- . You can use this jumper cables and attach them to a Fully charged car battery and extend the battery capacity . Currently the Pack has 28 Amp hours . Connect to a car battery with 45 Amp Hours , and now your Power pack has 73 Amp Hours . You can use the AC inverter to use this extra power for extra long run-times . ==== Jump Starting a Car ====== I was able to jump start a 2004 V6 Toyota Corolla , a 1998 V6 Toyota Tacoma Pickup , and a V8 Toyota Tundra . No problem at all . The PowerPack worked great ! ==== Radio and 5 watt built-in Light ====== Radio is okay . Not great . Perfectly fine in a survival situation and you need news . Listening to music sucks . The run - time is roughly over 1 month . It has a digital clock with alarm . Have n't tested that , and looks a bit on the cheap side.The 5 watt light should have been a LED bulb in my opinion . Will run for 56 hours . Decent light but not the brightest . Perfectly fine for a blackout and providing temporary light . ==== Portability and Sound === It 's has a nice carrying handle that distributes the weight and I have no problem carrying this around . Weighs about the same as a regular car battery . The pack is not as big as the picture makes it look . it 's actually more compact than I thought . Sound-wise , it 's silent . ===== BOTTOM LINE ====== It 's a great portable , multi-chargeable , light duty power pack . JUST MAKE SURE TO CHARGE IT FOR A WEEK DURING THE FIRST CHARGE .
 ***** I just jumped my van using the cigarette lighter !!!! No more popping the hood !!!! Added 5/30/9 **** Review on May 25 , 2007
 First off , do n't think this unit would be able to replace a generator if you need any kind of heavy duty power for an extended period of time . A 1,000 watt generator would do you much better . However , for this little unit which has a 28 Amp-Hour , non-spillable , AGM battery and using it to power some lights -LRB- like CFL 's -RRB- and a notebook computer or two , recharging small electrical items -LRB- mobile phones , iPod 's , portable DVD players , etc. -RRB- , this fits the bill perfectly.I 've been using two of these units for a little over a month now and could n't be happier . As another reviewer said , one of the huge pro 's over this versus a generator is that it 's much quieter . It 's dead silent until you are pulling about 300 watts and that 's where the internal-fan inside the unit starts to turn on and the speed of the fan is dependent on how much load you 're putting on it.The display indicator tells you exactly , in 10-watt increments , of how much power you 're pulling . Also , the three 120VAC outlets are a definite plus and in most cases , I do not have to carry a power-strip around with me to plug in all of the devices I need to use while on the road or camping.Also , the 12VDC cigarette-lighter outlet doubles both as a power-source and as a way to charge the battery . Using the included AC-adapter to recharge the battery pack is relatively slow , almost a trickle charge , but when you 're on the go , you can use the included DC-DC cable to charge the battery pack at a much higher current rate . There is also a plug for the included jumper cables so you can use the battery as a jump-start source for reviving dead car batteries in an emergency.The built-in light and radio are functional . Nothing fancy and works as advertised . More gimmicks in themselves unless you 're in emergency situations a lot . But nice to have . Only small wish is that on top of the AM and FM bands that it supports , having the WX channels would make it truly more of an `` emergency '' radio.If you 're looking for a minimal amount of clean , non-gas burning , portable power for a camping trip or for emergency situations , then this unit fits the bill perfectly .
 This unit does exactly what it promises - a recent storm caused us to lose power overnight - We plugged a window box fan in the unit and it ran about 7 hours - it was a lifesaver - allowing us to sleep comfortably that night . It takes about 24 hours to fully recharge - I would definatley buy this unit again and have recommended the unit to friends and co-workers . p.s. - when it is almost out of power the unit emits a loud beeping noise -LRB- like an alarm clock -RRB- which scared us - as we were not expecting it - now we know - and so do you .
 I bought the Powerpack to power the fan/blower in our gas fireplace during a power failure . Heavenly !! It must be used judiciously - not continuously - but it was a lifesaver during a recent snowstorm . There is no heat delivery system in the house which does not require electricity except the impractical -LRB- and unsafe -RRB- kitchen oven . It did the job I bought it for , and it gave us reading lights as well ! I have since purchased a second unit .
 works fine , used it several times and it keeps the charge -LRB- ownership 4 months -RRB-
 I pretty much agree with Rex Kullmans ' review , but i have a few things to mention.While i think that removing the compressorand adding a radio , was a good move for the600 W unit , the clock radio itself doesnot have lightable controls & stationindicator , to turn on/off . Also , while i do n't mind that the soundquality is n't all that great from thespeaker , i really think that they shouldhave included a headphone jack , as to me , as a ` power outage survival tool ' , i wouldlike to listen to the radio , withoutdisturbing anyone else who may be sleeping.And a third point
 I really like this unit . I drive for a living as a medical courier so I am in the car 7 hours a day . The Xantrex 600HD sits right behind the passenger seat of my minivan everyday . I use it to charge my cell phones , power up my GPS , and run a small fan for hot days . I have n't needed the jump starter yet , but it is nice to know I have that feature on hand if I ever get stuck with a dead battery . I did tons of research on similar products before I bought this . There are better and more powerful ways to go , but at a more more expensive price point . At $ 170 , this is the best product for the money in my opinion . I took it one step further and bought a solar panel which will allow me to charge this when I do some remote camping and if I ever have an extended power outage at home.Update 11/19/12
 if you are thinking of a power pack to save you from a dead battery you probably want to carry the unit in your vehicle . This unit uses an AGM battery that does not vent any gasses into the vehicle compartment . I have a van so this is most critical so my children do not get exposed to poisonous gasses . The unit has an inverter with three outlets which are very handy for charging cell phones and running light loads like laptops . It has a light , radio and alarm . The light can run for 50 hours on a full charge . I dont use the radio or alarm but i guess in emergencies I might ???? It can charge through your cigarette lighter while the car is running . The AGM battery also has no charge or discharge current limitations so it can jump large equipment and charge on DC as fast as your system can supply it.Overall the AGM beats lead acid in so many ways if you can get over the higher price tag . 5 stars ...
 1 -RRB- `` HONEY , I LEFT THE HEADLIGHTS ON AGAIN ... `` Something often heard on a rainy day . No , this powerpack does not take the place of even the smallest of gas generators , but I do n't think most generators are used too deftly to start up your dead vehicle .2 -RRB- POWER FAILURESIt 's not just for hurricances any more.Generators are great for homeowners DURING POWER FAILURES , but illegal to use in most apts or condos -LRB- in Florida at least it is a fire hazard and violation to have a running generator on your porch or terrace -RRB- , so this is a great help for those without any grass to mow .3 -RRB- `` WHAT 'S GOOD FOR THE GOOSE ... `` Now , before you lament on the time and current limits of this little gem , remember there is a 12v cigar lighter tap that allows your car to very quickly recharge this unit . So , if your tank is full , and your lights are not , your use of this power pack is only limited to your fuel tank size . Of course , leave yourself enough gas so when you finally get wise or fed up and leave , you 'll be able to .4 -RRB- `` I NEVER GO ANYWHERE WITHOUT MY ... `` This unit is not meant to replace a generator , but it is a great stop gap during power outages for those who either do n't have or ca n't own a generator . It will also save you from AAA 's time distortion . `` We 'll be there in less than an hour '' often results in waits of two to three hours and several concerned follow-up calls in search of your wayward road emergency vehicle , and often prompted by the ever-developing group of thugs eying your shiny new rims . Having this in your car along with a large can of flat fixer and the requisite roll of duct tape , you 're prepared for many `` unscheduled '' events .
 I bought this power source for a field test . It worked very well and was very handy . I wish the power can last a little bit longer . The charging time is a little bit too long . If you want to use it in consecutive days , the battery wo n't be fully charged from the second day if you used it up in the first day . Otherwise it is good .
 I 've had this unit for a little over six months and it has been amazingly helpful . I bought this bad boy because the cigarette lighter in my truck went out and I am lazy about fixing it . I decided , `` Hey why not buy a new cigarette light outlet and get some AC outlets too for my truck ? '' I have the tendency to eat lunch in my car and I do n't want to have to run the Air Conditioning while I 'm listening to my books on tape and chowing down on some grub . I find a shady spot , open the windows , clamp the fan with the cigarette lighter outlet type plug and badabing ! Instant cross draft . I had plans on using this to run an electric blanket for the winter months of lunch eating , but I got laid off.Since that time , I have found a myriad of uses for this thing . For example , my sister has bad asthma and we attended an event in Atlanta over Labor Day weekend -LRB- Dragon * Con -RRB- . This is a convention that hosts 40ish thousand nerds , geeks , fanboys , dweebs , sexy scantily clad hot chicks and everyone else on the spectrum . The event mostly caters to Science Fiction and Fantasy fans , but it has some pop-culture for everyone . Her asthma was so bad over this holiday we had to rent a mobility scooter because she could n't walk the distance from our hotel to the 5 different convention hotels . We brought this bad boy and plopped it down on the floorboard of her scooter -LRB- it fit perfectly -RRB- and we did n't have to look for an outlet for her to do a nebulizer treatment . She was averaging about four to six treatments a day and we usually did them while we were waiting in line . Truly a life saver this machine is.We 've also use this machine for long car trips where my sister needed to do nebulizer treatments on the way . We have a sister in Tampa and it 's about a four hour drive for us and the built-in inverter my sister 's car has ca n't handle the draw of her nebulizer . According to the Xantrex , it has about a 40 watt draw and her car just ca n't handle it . My sister drove around with this powerpack and her nebulizer for a couple of months until she was able to get her asthma under control . Every morning when she drove to work , she would plug in her nebulizer and do a treatment while driving to work . Her treatments last about 40 minutes and I would charge this pack every couple of weeks . I have yet to find a time when this pack has n't had enough juice to handle extended use.Another example of how this machine saved my while unemployed is when my car battery died and I did n't have the money to get it replaced until about a month had passed and I could scrape together enough funds to get a new one . I still had to go out to interviews , shop for groceries , pick up family members , etc. . This battery pack made it possible . I drove around with it on my front seat and when my engine would n't turn over -LRB- about 70 to 80 percent of the time -RRB- I would hook up the jumper cables and VROOM ! I was on my way.I have plans on taking this thing with me on camping trips , to the beach , picnics , etc. . But honestly , I 've needed this unit for more practical and every day uses that I originally expected . It started out as me being lazy and not wanting to get my cigarette lighter outlet fixed and it has been a life saver on more than one occasion . Anyone considering this unit , go ahead and get it . When this one dies , I 'm going to come back on here and get another one . It has already paid for itself many times over .
 600 watts wo n't make coffee . It will run your DSL and lap top and some lights for hours . A couple of times a year for one reason or another I expect to loose power for a couple of hours . For a little more than a good weather radio , you can have the weather channel if you have a dish and a TV . You can recharge it with a car they say . That I have not done . I plan to use it as portable power this summer as well.This puppy is heavy but quiet and does not smell .
 After spending my vacation in Florida during hurricane Wilma , I learned the value of being prepared for a prolonged power outage . This unit would have been just the thing.This is essentially a big 12 volt battery and an inverter that produces 120v AC from the battery . While this unit wo n't power a heater or an air conditioner , it can power a small fan overnight so you can sleep . It can also charge your cell phone and laptop . -LRB- After all , your laptop 's DVD player might be your only entertainment . -RRB- The XPower can power a lamp so you can read or play cards , or you can watch a small TV for a few hours . You can plug in just about anything so long as the total number of watts drawn is 480 or less . -LRB- The 600 watt rating is a 5 minute rating , you can only draw 480 watts continuously . -RRB- Keep in mind , if you do pull 480 watts , you 'll only get 15 minutes of run time . It 's best to think of the 600HD as a way to keep small essentials going.There 's an emergency light built-in . if you place the unit so the light bounces off a near-by wall , it makes a nice low-level room light . With the backside facing you , you see the built-in clock radio . It 's not hi-fi , but it 's not horrible , it has good volume and it can wake you in the morning . There 's also a 12v outlet and a connector for attaching the supplied jumper cables.You do have to be mindful of the number of watts you pull from the unit if you want the battery to last . It 's easy to know how many watts you 're drawing because the unit tells you on it 's digital display . It 's a good thing you can charge the XPower from a car cigarette lighter . During my adventure in Wilma 's wake , I would have used the XPower by night and charged it in the car while driving during the day . The digital display also shows the percentage of charge left in the battery.The best thing to have during a prolonged power outage is a gas generator . But generators require periodic maintenance . And you have to store fresh gas and remember to change the gas periodically . With the HD600 , you just find an out-of-the-way corner , plug in the AC charger and forget all about it until the lights go out.The XPower has a big 28 amp-hour battery which is good for capacity , but makes the unit heavy , almost 30 pounds , so you wo n't want to carry it very far . Xantrex makes smaller units , but I think the 600 is the best compromise between capacity and portability . The XPower 's construction is robust and it looks like it could take some hard knocks .
 I bought this after a few day power outage and really like the security of having it around . Its not just useful for outages but for delivering power anywhere - the park , expo display tables , etc. . Its easy and it works - though I wish it had a higher density battery .
 I use this device when I am tailgating for New England Patriots games . It works great for what I need it for ... TV , etc. . It is much easier to travel with and cleaner to operate than a small gas generator
 I purchased this to run some Shure wireless mics for an outdoor wedding where there was no power source available at the venue . This battery pack was perfect because I needed three plug-in sources - two for the mic receivers and one for the mixer . The battery performed as expected and ran the mics for the duration of the wedding with no problem . Very pleased .
 I purchased this unit in 2007 and it has proven to be a very reliable and useful unit . For longevity you need to occasionally check the charge level and maintain it . I recharge if it falls below 80 % . Note
 We bought this jumper pack last Oct when we had a bad snow storm & power outage for 5 days . . could n't remember when we last charged it and just used it to jump start my neighbors car . . such a great little pack !!!
 I turn this on in the morning and power my electronic flash all day long . At the end of the day it has enough juice to start my neighbors car . I really love this thing .
 I used this unit in my travel trailer for about a year before it was stolen . I ran my TV off it , laptop , and when tent camping used it for lights and my laptop and to recharge camera batteries.PROS
 It was easy to order this product online and it arrived when promised.Though we have n't needed to use the Xantrex 600 yet , we did charge it tested just fine with my small electric coffee pot . When the power was out because of Ike , that is what I missed most ! WE are going to also order a 1500 because 10 days without power will use up 600 watts in no time . It powers our fan also .
 bought this summer to use as back up power source in our r.v. has power to spare !!! ran a 13 inch television perfectly highly recommended !!!!
 The powerpack does exactly what I had hoped . Great for a source of portable power .
 Buy the Xantrex powerpack if you need a good portable sourse of power . I use it at dog shows to power fans for my dogs . The power last a long time before recharging is required.The only drawback that it has is the weight . I believe it weighs about 35 pounds , which is the only thing keeping it from earning 5 stars ! It 's a great power source .
 I have had the Xantrex 300 Powerpack which I have used enormously in an area that loses its power fairly often . I expect the 600 to continue the good work and give me more hours of comfort and light during the next outage .
 I received the Powerpack 600HD from Safe Home Products within a week of ordering -LRB- Iowa to West Coast -RRB- . Upon receiving my entire order I realized an item mistake I made when ordering . I called SHP and within minutes I had my issues fully resolved with an email confirmation from their Customer Service Department through Amazon.com ! Safe Home Products even ` covered ' my mistake . What a pleasure to know , in a faceless environment , there are still companies like SHP that considers `` the customer is always right '' . They 're on my Favorites List from now on.Xantrex Powerpack 600 Watt Jumpstarter , Power Inverter and Backup Power Source
 I love it . I use to power my laptop computer and printer . It lasts all day , a full 8 hours , no hassle . I highly recommend . I know I can rely on this in the event of a prolonged power outage .
 This product has served me well past any expectations I had for it when I purchased it as a jump starter for my gas powered truck when my battery went bad.It is now used as a power source for power tools and lighting in the pasture when I am working out there.I carry it in the tool box on my diesel pickup . I am confident it will provide enough juice to start the diesel engine if it ever need to be jumped off.This product has power to spare . It is abit bulky and heavy but when you use it you will appriciate it .
 I have used it to jump my Grand Cherokee about a dozen times , setup speakers and a portable DVD player outside , plugged in outdoor Christmas lights -LRB- worked for about 20 minutes -RRB- when the electricity went off , plugged in lamps , charged my cell phone off of it in the Jeep , etc. ... . Very well built and great product ... hope it lasts for a long time .
 Item arrived from Amazon very fast and with free shipping . It was an impressive transaction . Thanks Amazon ! The unit itself has done everything I expected . I 've been using this unit on my boat to power some sanders , drills , saws etc. . Every powertool I 've needed outside has been easy to use with this xantrex unit . I dont need to hunt for an outlet around the boat yard . During the summer season , I 'm mainly going to use this to tie into my boats 110v system while at sea since I dont have a generator . It should do fine in powering tvs , dvd players , charging a laptop etc. . I did try my 27 '' LCD tv with it and it works . the TV gives off a very faint buzz but it works . I wouldnt use an expensive TV with this but for a cheap off-brand TV that you dont care about , it should be ok . This will not power a mini fridge or a space heater . I tried both and it trips out immediately . I didnt expect it to power these appliances but just thought I 'd put it out there for those who were wondering . The light is very bright and has come in handy many times . The radio in this unit is a let-down . Digital tuning is a major pain -LRB- scans too fast and is hard to land on the exact station -RRB- and the antenna broke off the first day . Regardless , you 're not buying this as as a stereo but it would have been a great addition if it worked better . The unit seems pretty solid and it 's not a pain to carry around . It is hefty but it 's comfortable to carry . I may buy another one just to extend the power needs I may have at sea .
 Ordered this as a Christmas '06 gift for my husband -LRB- with a little help from one of his friends -RRB- . It came promptly , in great condition , and he LOVED it ! Every time he looked at it again , he found something else it would do . All he really wanted was a way to jump off a car if the battery is dead . Now he can run his air compressor at odd spots around both of our properties , have music on the boat , make frozen margaritas at the tailgate parties , etc. . I won big points for this gift !
 I have loved these power packs for years , and every time they have come out with a bigger one I was the first to buy it . but this one was a slight disappointment only because it does not have the air pump . Every one I have purchased in the past had one , and believe me they have come in handy . From pumping up things around the house or office to having a flat tire at 2 am in DC just to find out your spare tire is under inflated ... I think it 's a pretty handy thing to have . My guess would be that they left it off to keep the weight down , but who knows . I still love this product though , but I am going to purchase a small air pump to keep with it in the car .
 I ordered mine shortly after hearing about Sandy hitting our area . I have a generator , but wanted something to hold me over until I could get it running ... I live out in the boonies , so running outside to fire-up a backup generator in torrential wind & rain , with all the assorted creatures that wander around in the dark -LRB- both 2 & 4 legged ! -RRB- , was not something I was looking forward to ! I used it to power a 13w fluorescent lamp for a few hours ... enough to give us the equivalent of 60w of light in the living room . I left a small 40w incandescent lamp plugged into it overnight to provide some light once the generator was shut down . It worked out well - there are some quirks though . The charge indicator does seem to be flaky & inaccurate as others have noted . It told me it was at 100 % even though it was only plugged in for about 12 hours total , so I 'm not convinced it was ever fully charged . It also seems to have a minimum value it will display as far as wattage draw goes . It displayed ' 0 ' the entire time the 13w lamp was plugged in . It emits a little bit of a `` heated electrical component '' smell while in use , if you get close enough to it . Not bad , unless you are overly-sensitive to these types of odors . The AC adapter does get warm , but not too hot , when it 's charging . The ` low battery ' alarm went off in the middle of the night and scared the crap out of us ! :--RRB- so at least that feature works . I am concerned though , after seeing the 2005 date in the owner 's manual . If this is really a 7-year old unit , I have to question how much longer the battery will last or take a charge . It is no longer featured on the Xantrex site either , so it appears to be a discontinued model . Time will tell though . All in all , it did what I expected , so if it lasts at least a few more years , I 'll be happy .
 I bought this power pack last year after hurricane Irene hit . I would have bought a generator , but I live in an apartment . Fortunately , we did not need it for Irene , but I wanted something around for the next emergency.I plugged the power pack in when I got it and forgot about it until last week when hurricane Sandy hit the East coast . Luckily for us , the power was out only for a day.The battery pack worked as soon as we plugged something into it . We used it sparingly . Mostly for charging our three cells phones and for powering a light . We used the radio a little bit , but we have a much better battery powered one that we used.Overall the battery did what it was supposed to do , which was provide electricity when we needed it . I only have a couple of issues with the battery pack . First , the display to see how much power you have is useless . It would either show , 100 % or 0 % . However , we never ran out of juice . The radio like other people have mentioned is not very good . It has a lot of static and distortion . Terrible for listening to music but good enough to listen to the news.I intend to buy a couple of more of these devices just in case I need power for a longer period of time . I thought about buying the larger 1500 watt power pack . However , from the reviews all these devices seem to have a high failure rate . I would rather buy three of these devices for the same price and spread the risk around that one of them fails . That way it is less likely that I wo n't have any power .
 Bought this Product 2 weeks ago ... Charged it for two days ... Took it to a Reunion and Plugged in a JBl Eon 10 '' Powered Speaker and an Ipod ... It played for 8hrs straight ... and also charged 3 cell phones too ... Now I 'm Planning to Buy a few more of these ...
 Works perfect for running a ceiling fan w/lights in my gazebo . Quiet operation , good battery life , very portable , and I especially like the many outlets . Worth every bit of the price . The only bad thing was the radio -LRB- the only reason why 4 not 5 stars -RRB- , it is worthless
 do n't wait for the storms to knock out your power to realize you could use a light for the hours the power is out , or to listen to the radio for the weather updates , or jump start your car when you do not have a second car around . great buy especially if you have a family !
 This product has lots of power , whether used for jumping your car/truck , powering a cell phone charger , TV , lights , about almost anything . One thing I use it for is when my power goes out I take it into the basement and with the DC to AC converter built in I power my sub pump so my basement does n't flood . Usually when the power goes out it is raining or snowing so you def . need your sub pump . Overall works great , keeps its charge a long time and you can keep it charging constanty without worrying about reducing the life of te battery . If you need more power you can also hook the jumper cables up to another battery and there you go more battery power . A + + 28aH battery with AC-DC converter , small light and AM/FM radio built in . A + + + + + for emergenicies
 It 's not a generator so do n't expect that from it , but for a power backup in it 's price range it will run a variety of power tools and RV appliances.I had trouble running a 7 1/4 '' power saw with it , but it ran a smaller saw , router , belt sander , a variety of other items including small kitchen appliances and maintained good battery life .
 My husband and I are competitive chili cooks . We 've had our Xantrex for about 4 years . We use our Xantrex to power our mini-food processors to chop our veggies and blend our spices . There are no electric outlets available to cooks at most chili cookoffs , so bringing your own power source helps a LOT . We usually run 4 choppers at the SAME TIME , off and on over a period of 4 hours . We also use it in our Class B motorhome as an additional power source . I can use it to heat up my curlers or run our RV vaccuum , and it still has plenty of power for cookoffs , easily jumps the battery to our RV , and charges our cell phones . It can even power decorative string lights for our camper ! It has a built-in light and a radio . We 've checked the light and radio , and they work well , but so far we have n't needed to use them . We have never run out of power , and the unit has saved us many , many times . When we 're not using it , it 's stored in our garage , plugged in so it 's ready to go . We have never needed to use it for a power outtage , but it would be one of the first things we 'd go to if we had to endure a shortage . It 's heavy , but it 's worth it . Anyone who needs power when there is n't any around should have this product . We love it ! : -RRB-
 Wow ! I charged the unit for a couple days , -LRB- as suggested by one review -RRB- rather than just till the light went green and this morning hooked it up to a powered QSC K-12 speaker -LRB- amp is rated at 1000 watts -RRB- and a walkman CD player . I ran this for OVER 7 HOURS at a significant volume , about 50-75 % of max . It was quite loud . I 'm a DJ and intend to use this battery to power this set-up for wedding ceremonies . I was hoping to get an hour and a half and medium volume , but to have it go 7 hours !! Wow ! There 's some headroom . It exceeded my expectations by a mile , and I ca n't say that about too many things
 I was looking for a backup supply with both 12 volts and 110 and ability to start up a car but did n't want jumper cables hanging off the side adding to size and weight . This unit was the perfect fit . Digital meter to check charge , lots of outlets and warranty service oddly enough blocks from me in Seattle . Highly recommend for a short term generator alternative .
 The Xantrex Powerpack-600HD was everything I had hoped for It was well illustratedand to the point , very good for power outages , I am now the proud owner of two.I would buy another if needed .
 I use a CPAP machine for sleep apnea and have wanted a portable power supply to enable me to use a tent for camping . This product more than meets my needs , powering the CPAP plus a small 20W ventilation fan overnight to make tenting possible again and comfortable . I also plan to use it to power my CPAP during occasional outages at home -- a good and inexpensive solution .
 I 've been camping for years and decided to `` modernize '' my equiptment last year . This unit delievers exactly what it says it does and I am exceptionally happy with it 's operation . It was used it to recharge the cell phone , to run a portable dvd player and various other tasks . I had actually expected to run out of power quickly so also purchased a marine battery and used the cables included with the unit to connect the battery with the power unit and ran them in tandem . This worked extremely well and was used like this for 9 days without running out of power but the battery was very low at the last . Your usage may require a more powerful system but for camping this one is a jewel . I love it and have nothing but praise for this item .
 After spending my vacation in Florida during hurricane Wilma , I learned the value of being prepared for a prolonged power outage . This unit would have been just the thing.This is essentially a big 12 volt battery and an inverter that produces 120v AC from the battery . While this unit wo n't power a heater or an air conditioner , it can power a small fan overnight so you can sleep . It can also charge your cell phone and laptop . -LRB- After all , your laptop 's DVD player might be your only entertainment . -RRB- The XPower can power a lamp so you can read or play cards , or you can watch TV for a few hours . You can plug in just about anything so long as the total number of watts drawn is 480 or less . -LRB- The 600 watt rating is a 5 minute rating , you can only draw 480 watts continuously . -RRB- There 's an emergency light built-in . if you place the unit so the light bounces off a near-by wall , it makes a nice low-level room light . With the backside facing you , you see the built-in clock radio . It 's not hi-fi , but it 's not horrible , it has good volume and it can wake you in the morning . There 's also a 12v outlet and a connector for attaching the supplied jumper cables.You do have to be mindful of the number of watts you pull from the unit if you want the battery to last . It 's easy to know how many watts you 're drawing because the unit tells you on it 's digital display . Good thing you can charge the XPower from a car cigarette lighter . During my adventure in Wilma 's wake , I would have used the XPower by night and charged it in the car while driving during the day . The digital display also shows the percentage of charge left in the battery.The best thing to have during a prolonged power outage is a gas generator . But generators require periodic maintenance . And you have to store fresh gas and remember to change the gas periodically . With this unit you just find an out-of-the-way corner , plug in the AC charger and forget all about it until you need it.The XPower has a big 28 amp-hour battery which is good for capacity , but makes the unit heavy , almost 30 pounds , so you wo n't want to carry it very far . Xantrex makes smaller units , but I think the 600 is the best compromise between capacity and portability . The XPower 's construction is robust and it looks like it could take some hard knocks.I 'm almost looking forward to the next power outage .
 Bought this as a source of backup power due to frequent long and short-term outages we have in the Ameren UE service area . I keep the charger in my basement , where we retreat during tornado warnings . Hence , I have a radio and emergency light ready at all times , plus a power supply for a small lamp . Recently , I used this to power a travel hair dryer on low speed during a morning outage so I could go to work not entirely looking like something the cat dragged in . You can research the product in depth at the manufactuer website . It is a small , not major , source of power . But in a pinch , a few low wattage creature comforts are better than nothing at all .
 After spending my vacation in Florida during hurricane Wilma , I learned the value of being prepared for a prolonged power outage . This unit would have been just the thing.This is essentially a big 12 volt battery and an inverter that produces 120v AC from the battery . While this unit wo n't power a heater or an air conditioner , it can power a small fan overnight so you can sleep . It can also charge your cell phone and laptop . -LRB- After all , your laptop 's DVD player might be your only entertainment . -RRB- The XPower can power a lamp so you can read or play cards , or you can watch a small TV for a few hours . You can plug in just about anything so long as the total number of watts drawn is 480 or less . -LRB- The 600 watt rating is a 5 minute rating , you can only draw 480 watts continuously . -RRB- Keep in mind , if you do pull 480 watts , you 'll only get 15 minutes of run time . It 's best to think of the 600HD as a way to keep small essentials going.There 's an emergency light built-in . if you place the unit so the light bounces off a near-by wall , it makes a nice low-level room light . With the backside facing you , you see the built-in clock radio . It 's not hi-fi , but it 's not horrible , it has good volume and it can wake you in the morning . There 's also a 12v outlet and a connector for attaching the supplied jumper cables.You do have to be mindful of the number of watts you pull from the unit if you want the battery to last . It 's easy to know how many watts you 're drawing because the unit tells you on it 's digital display . It 's a good thing you can charge the XPower from a car cigarette lighter . During my adventure in Wilma 's wake , I would have used the XPower by night and charged it in the car while driving during the day . The digital display also shows the percentage of charge left in the battery.The best thing to have during a prolonged power outage is a gas generator . But generators require periodic maintenance . And you have to store fresh gas and remember to change the gas periodically . With the HD600 , you just find an out-of-the-way corner , plug in the AC charger and forget all about it until the lights go out.The XPower has a big 28 amp-hour battery which is good for capacity , but makes the unit heavy , almost 30 pounds , so you wo n't want to carry it very far . Xantrex makes smaller units , but I think the 600 is the best compromise between capacity and portability . The XPower 's construction is robust and it looks like it could take some hard knocks .
 I have sleep apnea and can not sleep without a CPAP machine to assist in my breathing while I sleep . I bought it just for using at home when the power goes out , which happens a few times during winter months . I also found I could use it in my trailer so I can camp places without electricity . It runs my CPAP machine for over 8 hours . Maybe longer , but I have not ran it any longer than that . Best money I ever spent .
 This item is well made and has all the features . After checking around , I found this powerpack to also be an excellent value . I purchased this unit as backup power for my Cpap machine . It runs the machine for 15 hrs which is a good two nights sleep . It is easy to use and not too heavy . The only caution I would add is that it uses -LRB- what I call -RRB- trickle charge . That means approx 35 hrs to charge if the battery is totally discharged . Since it is only backup for me , this is totally acceptable . I really like the rubber casing and the big soft handle . Getting free shipping from Amazon on an item that is fairly heavy just sweetened the deal.I have had nothing but good experiences with all of my purchases from Amazon .
 I am most pleased with this multi-function power pack although I have , as yet , not needed it , thank God , to use it to jump start my Caddy . There are lighter duty models which are adequate to jump start 4 cyl . and most 6 cyl . models . I have one of those for my Toyota . Only fall back of this heavy duty model is that it has no compresser , but you can purchase one for $ 10.00 in Wal-Mart . I have used the 110 power source -LRB- there are three grounded outlets -RRB- and the searchlight . The unit is a great insurance policy , and most useful for a power failure , if you do n't have a generator . The price through Amazon was about $ 50.00 cheaper than from manufacturer who actually suggested buying it through a reseller .
 I live in an apartment complex , so a generator was out of the question because of the noise issue . When I found this I wondered would it suit my needs , we loose power around here sometimes quite often and I need something to give me enough power to cook something to eat , it does that and more . If you live where noise is an issue this is for you , if you do alot of outdoor stuff and need power , try this , it will run a tv , light , radio , whatever I plan on getting another for backup . Great find and great product
 I like the feature as shows how much left of power , light , am/fm radioand handy of use .
 It works nice and great when you need a backup power . very nice ! well made . easy to use . great for camping needs .
 Works fine . I use it for powering my CPAP while camping . My only gripe is that it should have an internal transformer so that you can charge with a plain power cord or extension cord instead of one of those funky charger cords with a transformer on the plug .
 I have only used it 3 times , I leave it in my trunk . After 5 months it is still charged to 100 % . It is very handy as a portable power supply in difficult locations . We use these at work
 This was purchased as a gift , and it turned out to be a duplicate . The customer service at this place could n't be better . I mean there could be NO IMPROVEMENT - they were the BEST.JKCavanaugh
 help , have this item ... moved and ca n't find manual and charger ... need one . . please respond worked great when az power went off . . battery running low need to charge up , , , thanks for any help
 We 're always prepared for a power outage now , and we have a source of electricity where there 's none available .
 I got this as a disaster-preparedness device . The first day I had it in the back of my car I was able to give a guy a jump . I had n't even charged the device , but it worked perfectly , right out of the box.I keep it in the back of my car , and have it plugged into a cigarette lighter outlet , so it can charge.So far , highly recommended .
 I could n't quite swing 1k for a honda generator , not yet anyway . This little guy powers my laptop and color TV for a few hours every night before bed at the race track . I race spec miata so i use it for a lot of utility things around the track , lights , small appliances , etc.Couple things it does well : color tv as i mentionedlaptopsmall fanradiojumpstarts my crappy daily driver.things it wont do : coffee makerpersonal heaterbig halogen lightsits no generator but it does do a lot of the activities i need . Id buy it again . i dropped it and cracked the case and it still works nicely . pretty durable !
 This powerpack has not failed me for the past 8 months I 've owned it . I 've jump started vehicles on more than 3 occasions -LRB- not my own . . lol -RRB- , powered a 12V air compressor to inflate a flat tyre -LRB- again not my flat -RRB- , ran a fan for a BBQ for 4 + hours as well as used the light and radio with a 12v mp3 player which worked great . It seems as though this thing has helped other people more than myself . For this reason i have absolute faith in it.It does take longer to charge with the AC adapter compared to the 12v adapter but then again apart from the initial 48 hour charge it required out of the box the other times i charged it of the AC was overnight which was long enough . I keep it in my car and always top-up charge it every week or two . It has never failed me and i recommend it all the way.I really feel sorry for the reviewers who received this powerpack partly functional and had to return because i obviously did n't get such a defective unit . Assuming you get this item in a flawless condition as i did you will have no regrets !
 This is a great product and comes in very handy when you need electric power in an area where there is none.This is also a great item to keep in your car in case someone needs a battery boost . It works great!This is also a nice item to use for a trip in the car . You can use your electrical gear and you do n't need a 12V to A.C. converter.It is all around a good product .
 I just obtained one of these from Amazon as a simple backup power source . We do n't get a lot of power failures here in our Manhattan apartment but they are tough when they happen . A generator is not an option . Aside from the obvious operating exhaust issue , it is dangerous and illegal to keep fuel in an apartment in New York City.In a test last week the unit powered a 13-watt , 110-volt compact flourescent lamp for 22 hours -- enough to keep a room lit for three evenings with about the same light output as a 60-watt incandescent light bulb.I figure it can also charge my DVD player battery a few times as well . For the rest -- battery powered little TV , radio , flashlights , wired telephone , even candles are on hand . We 'll manage okay for awhile.It can be recharged from a solar panel and from a lighter socket -LRB- `` Hey , taxi ! '' -RRB- . I like this thing a lot . It is easy to move and operate and takes up very little room . It is much , much better than nothing .
 This backup source is good for lights , making coffee , and similar activities during a power failure . Keep it on-hand !
 This product exceeds my expectations ... it holds a charge nicely and provides all of the features advertised ...
 First of all , do n't buy this model . Get the `` Duracell '' version . It is the exact same unit with different decals , but it 's $ 70 cheaper . You would be a sucker to get this one.If you are buying this thinking that you will use the `` display screen '' or radio then you 're in for a suprise . These extra features are very cheap -LRB- broken from the start -RRB- . The light seems to be the only useful extra feature . This all seems to be outweighed by the fact that this does its job well . This will jump a V8 with a dead battery with no problem , and faster than jumper cables will . I have used this 6-8 times to jump a V8 on one charge.If you simply want something for jumping a car or suv anywhere fast , easy , and reliable then this is it .
 I have this same unit rebranded with duracell name and paid only 99.00 for it . it is now 129.00 . it does a great job . was well worth it when we lost power . I would check out the duracell one as it cost less for the same thing .
 Easy to use , powerful for what I use it for -LRB- tailgating and other light outdoor uses -RRB- , and holds a charge well . I 've used it to jump-start 2 cars since I 've had it and it has plenty of power for this -- jumped them quickly on the first try.Only con is the weight , but a pack with this wattage rating is going to have some weight to it .
 I use this for our marching band . I plug in our 300watt amp and it gives us power for all our rehearsals and on the football field for performances . It 's a little heavy , but that 's expected . If you have a band that requires portable power this works much better then the extention cord alternative !
 I purchased this to run a Pellet stove . I live in an outer area that experiences several power outages per year that can last 24 hours in duration . I had originally purchased a 1500watt UPS for this purchse but it would not start the stove . The Xantrex 600hd does a great job . I have not run it for more than a half hour but it starts the stove and the battery meeter shows 100 % full charge . This is one of the better portable power supplies I have found . The radio is silly though but the lcd time is nice and the other controls are adequate . Would like to see an even larger model with a solar jack option for those of us who would like to plug in solar panels directly to the unit with a charge controller .
 powerfull , good design , makes a mean daiquiri camping high in the Sierras !
 This power pack does everything it claims . I have used it for camping trips , tail gating , working in the yard , and jumping dead batteries . It has performed flawlessly and I highly recommend it .
 This product is very well made . Good quality and value.There are a three features in particular that I find very useful.First , it 's charging system is literally plug-in and forget . It maintains a full charge at all times and you do not need disconnect it from AC power ever . It 's circuits determine the need for charging if and when required . It 's always ready for use whenever you need itSecond , it has a built-in meter that tells you the state of charge -LRB- as a percentage -RRB- while using it . Think of it as a fuel gauge.Third , the built in meter tells you the wattage draw of whatever you have plugged in to it . Knowing the current draw when plugging in more than one thing can be most useful . This makes using it pretty much foolproof.The manual that comes with the product is well written , easy to understand , and complete.I 've always had good experiences with other Xantrex products .
 I bought this power pack to power a softball pitching machine for my daughter 's team and to have for power outages to run a fan or my gas fireplace 's blower . The pack works great . Not sure it runs as long as stated , but it last about 2 hours running the items I need . Its stated at 600 watts , but only for 5 minutes , 480 watts contimous , and 900 surge . I use it more than I would have used an 1000 watt generator .
 This is a great product . We bought it as a back up power source to our generator for hurricane season . There is an LCD screen that tells you how much power you are using which is very useful when deciding what to plug in and power up ! The only down side is that you have to charge the unit every three months or so to keep it running smoothly when you need it .
 I have had this unit for over 6 years , and it is still running fine . The secret is you have to keep it on charge all the time , this way the battery will last for many years . I have used this many times to run a breathing machine I have to wear at night when I sleep . This unit ran it for 4 days before the power came back on in the house , and it still had a good amount of power left .
 I 'm able to run many types of electrical gear on this unit , including laptop computers , powered speakers , electric mixing boards , blow dryers and forced air heaters . This unit kept such devices running for hours . Also , I was able to charge a dead car battery , then two hours later , without recharging the unit , I could charge the car battery again.The unit is 28 pounds , but is not bulky . It is relatively small and easy to carry , and I 'm partially disabled . The unit recharges quickly , and the pertinent display digits are nice and large .
 After researching a number of emergency preparedness devices including rechargeable/regenerating flashlights , radios and power sources we purchased this one and we 're very happy with the decision . It appears to be well made and durable.What we like about it most is that were the power to be out for several days or more , it can be recharged from a car 's cigarette lighter allowing extended use of a light , cell phone , laptop , fan , etc. . It also doubles as a battery to jump-start a car.Bill , Jennifer and Vaughan
 I bought one of these last month when they were on sale for $ 109 free shipping.We have n't had a power failure yet but I did try it out . My 13 inch color TV -LRB- 40 amps -RRB- ran for over 5 hours .
 This was sent to me very quickly and with Super Saving Shipping - to my suprise it also had the tongue or reciever and the reciever pin and clevis pin , I thought I was going to have to buy one but it was in there , as a kit , I did supply my own reciever BALL . All the hardware was in packaging as well as the instructions . The install went in `` W/OUT A HITCH '' -LRB- No Problems that is -RRB- - my wife gave me a quick hand so when I was holding the hitch frame up under the car she dropped in the bolts through the plates/brackets . Took about 1hr 15 min from start to finish -LRB- wiring took and additional 45 min -RRB- . I installed the Ball on the new reciever did the wiring and Bamm all done . I highly recommend this to anyone needing this Hitch for light duty hauling - Ease of install on scale of 1-10 = 2 very easy to do .
 Installation was a bit of a Payne , but all in all product is great , make sure to have two people doing the job as you have to have someone holding the hitch while you drill and bolt , installation does not state that you have to take the exhaust mount off and move the exhaust to the side to access the right hole , also make sure to push the mount back as far out as possible so the trailer head does not rub on the bumper . use a thread sealant on the bolt so it stays on forever , its been a few months since I installed this mount several months and its still sturdy . I would recommend to a friend .
 super quick FREE delivery and the instructions were extremely detailed , would never have expected such a great overall experience . sure beats the $ 350 installed price at the truck rental place
 If you own a black car you know what a nightmare they can be to keep clean . Small scuffs and swirl marks you would never see on a white car are very obvious on a black one . This product does a great job of cleaning up those minor imperfections , leaving a smooth glossy finish . If you look at the magnified image in the product description you will see that this is specifically designed for dark colored cars.The Swirlmark Remover can be applied by hand , but I use an inexpensive orbital buffing machine with a foam pad . I live in northern California so the weather is pretty mild most of the time . I buff the car twice a year , right before waxing.I 've been using this product on my 2002 black Jaguar since it was new and now , 9 years later , I still get compliments on how great the car looks . -- Update -- My order was just delivered and the bottle does not look the same as the one pictured . The part number is the same , the size is the same and the product appears to be the same . They now call it `` Foam Polishing Pad Glaze - Dark '' . So , new packaging , same great product . Do n't panic . : -RRB-
 I use this product to wetsand any number of things - I 've even used it get light scratches out of electric guitar finishes . You 'll have to apply a little labor to get a good result , but it does just what it advertises .
 I USED THIS ON MY 05 4-RUNNER . FOR COME REASON I HAVE ALWAYS GOTTEN A DULL BUILD UP ON THE BUG GUARD AFTER EVERY WASH. . I TOOK IT BACK TO TOYOTA AND OF COURSE THEY SAID THERE WAS NOTHING THEY COULD DO . AFTER TRYING SEVERAL PRODUCTS I TRIED THIS ONE . IT DOES THE TRICK BY REMOVING ALL THE OXIDATION AND MAKES IT LOOK SHINNY AND NEW : - -RRB- IT ALSO IS GOOD FOR MINOR BUILD UP ON HEADLIGHTS IF YOU CATCH IT BEFORE IT GETS TOO BAD IT WILL HELP . I RECOMMEND GIVING IT A CHANCE .
 It is a great product but it dose n't exactly remove swirls like it says . I would say it 's more of a stripper to get all the old wax and build up of other things off it . To remove the haze if you will . It is used best as step one in the restoration of your paint . My recomendation is use the swirl treatment , followed by a clay bar treatment and finish it up with a good wax job . After that you just need to keep up on the wax . This seems to work best for me .
 if you have a dark car -LRB- black -RRB- and want a slick finish , this product works really well when matched with a soft foam buffing pad , it is amazing . My clients really love the final finish . I then use a high grade wax to seal the surface for a long lasting finish .
 OK ... this is a pretty simple reivew . I bought his tail light assembly to replace the one in my 2002 dodge dakota that had become cracked . Did NOT want to give the dealer $ 109 for OEM , and I ordered this one from Amazon . It was Prime so shipping cost was not a problem , and It fit and looks just like new . It took all of 5 minutes to change out .
 This is a very good wax with results near as good as the expensive guys . Goes on and comes off very easy , leaves a great shine that beads water for a couple of months . I just wish I could find it at my local stores . Highly recomended .
 The best `` sleeper '' wax out there !! I have tried over 10-12 types of Waxes over 20 years and I always come back to KIT !! Now let me say that I 'm talking the buttery smooth paste wax not the liquid.It 's EZ to put on and EZ to take off.If your car surface is cool and in the garage/full shade you could do the whole car before starting to remove it !!! -LRB- try half the car at a time till you see what I mean -RRB- TRY THAT WITH SOME OF THE OTHER WAXES !! It 's beads/shines for a long time -LRB- not 1 year like it says but what wax does ?? -RRB- Also I find that if it 's so EZ to apply and take off you will wax more often and will find it not `` a chore '' anymore.I waxed my truck 10 times last year.Now I 'm sure some will say their wax is the `` best in show '' but I 'm talking about real people that wax there everyday car/trucks , not show cars . Even though it has a great deep shine that lasts and lasts ... Also I 'm applying by hand and taking off by hand not a professional buffer.For this price try it and see if you do n't agree.It 's $ 3.99 for 8oz . or $ 4.99 for 12ozs . UPDATE -- UPDATE -- 5-09NOW THAT WE GAVE IT A GOOD REVIEW THE PRICE WAS RAISED 120 % !!!!!!!!!!! IT USED TO BE $ 3.99 FOR THE 8OZ AND $ 4.99 FOR THE 12OZ . !!!!! BUY IT AT YOUR LOCAL STORE AND BOYCOTT THIS RIP - OFF IN CREASE !!!! I WILL NEVER REVIEW A PRODUCT AGAIN !!
 This is the best car wax ever made . I use it on classic and high end cars both . Better than all other products I have tried .
 I 've been using this product for years and have always found it to be the best ... longest lasting , best protectant , easy on the finish . In recent years , it does n't seem to be as widely distributed at regular retail outlets so I was delighted to find it on amazon . The vendor provided great service with prompt shipment and a fair price . VERY PLEASED CUSTOMER !!!!!
 I worked at a auto detailer thru high school and college . I have taken very good care of my own cars . So I have used many different waxes and polishes . Kit has comparable if not better results -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- than the prof. grade waxes . Its my prefered wax then and now .
 Compared to high end pure carnuba waxes -LRB- i.e. Blitz One Grand -RRB- , the texture of the finish is not quite as slippery . On the other hand , there are some advantages to this product . It seems to last longer . It does go on super easily and comes off almost as easily . It has a not unpleasant , almost soapy smell . It comes off easily if you accidentally get it on black plastic trim . It was only $ 5 at my local auto parts store .
 Yep , I tried the NXT that does n't last and the Black Magic that never dries . Many other losers , too . Fed up , I went back to good old Kit that I used back in the sixties . Kit sill went on easy , cleaned well and the residue came off nicely . And , strangers started complimenting my car 's shine again . I know it lasts . I 've seen my car waxing future and Kit is in it . Hint
 I recently purchaced another Carnuba wax from a different company so had a wax off competion . The Kit applied easier and covered more area with the same amount applied . Kit also came off easier and did not have that white chalking residue . I have never used Kit before but they now have a new customer .
 Charges my Thinkpad T60 with 9-cell battery without a problem . Very small , perhaps a little larger than a deck of playing cards . Will easily fit in a glove compartment . Whisper quiet . I can only hear its fan if I hold the inverter up to my ear . The membrane on/off switch with dual-color LEDs is a nice touch . The shiny plastic case is a fingerprint magnet . Construction is light but durable . The side panel with AC and USB plugs is robust metal . Mine is well put together . I think I 'm going to buy several more , one for each car . Overall excellent product .
 Finally purchased an inverter to power a laptop and to recharge various battery powered devices on the road . The Xantrex was a nice small unit with enough oomph to charge batteries and run my laptop . This device fits easily in my glove box when not in use.I have already used the device several times and have been quite happy with it.My only complaint , I wish the cord that connects the unit to the lighter port was longer so the device could sit on the floor . Other than that minor issue , great product .
 Did the job ! Four seven hour days powering laptop in car . Only complaint , power light not visible in daylight .
 This product works good . I have used it only once so far . The price is acceptable too .
 This is a cool product , so far I do n't have any problems with this . It charges my Iphone , and any other small units . I have n't tried this in a long drive yet but I 'll give you guys an update when I drive from NY to TX this summer . Well , so far so good!Cons
 I 've found this to be very easy to use and quite useful . The only drawback so far is that the power switch indicator -LRB- blue LED with a translucent cover -RRB- can be tough to see in daylight making it difficult to tell if the device is operating or not .
 checked its output . It is a 60Hz square wave generator . That is what they called `` modified sinewave '' . Very low tech . However , looks great , space saving and use it once for cell phone fine , but have not check with high power yet
 I 've bought two of these now for different people . Mine did come with a case and an airline plug -LRB- unlike person who gave this a bad review -RRB- . I love this inverter-super handy to have in the car -LRB- have n't tried it on a plane yet -RRB- .
 works great , I just wish there was a way to mount it in the car
 It 's about the size of a 2.5 inch western digital passport II . Very small and compact . Gets a little hot but does the job . It can power my laptop just fine.Looks better than the picture . it has a neat on and off switch that lights up.I have a small 14.1 inch IBM-T43since it 's small it doesnt use much power . i wouldnt use this to power anything thats too hungry though .
 This small inverter worked perfectly for adding strings of LED lights to my motorcycle for a local Christmas parade . It did get a bit hot -LRB- it has an internal cooling fan -RRB- , but that was because it was inside a nylon pouch mounted on the bike . It would probably have run cooler if more air circulation were provided .
 After reading other people 's reviews about the product , I was a little worried . I bought the product and it works great !!! No problems so far . I love the small size . It fits in my small backpack . I 'm not sure why people complain about the noise . I held it up to my ear and all I heard was a small hum . Maybe that 's what they 're complaining about ? Its not that bad . If space is an issue for you , I would consider this item . Similar sized items are more expensive and they do the same thing .
 My husband and I recently drove from Nevada to Washington State . We used this to power up and recharge our laptop , video camera and cell phone batteries . It 's quite handy and was a good value for the money .
 We have one of the plug into the cigarette lighter single piece design inverters for the car already . The ` box ' like design works well in the car but took up to much room when attached to a port on the Harley Davidson motorcycle . The Xantex has the same small size but uses a short cord allowing it to be fit better with the weeks forth of belongings for 2 people on a long bike ride .
 Actual output power lower than specified but not by much . Usable .
 I have n't get chance to use it , but it looks ok , it is very small that can fit in your pocket .
 This powered a laptop and an ipod -LRB- via USB -RRB- at the same time for hours without getting too hot or making noise . Works on the plane or in the car . Portable and comes in a nice carrying case . Slick for only $ 35 . I 'm buying more as gifts .
 We bought this snappy little gadget to keep the family laptop powered for an upcoming trip . Recently took it on a test run with very good results . It plugged into the power port of our SUV , as designed . The laptop seemed to get a steady stream of power , with not a stutter in the DVD 's performance . . The Xpower 175 features a blue LED when it is in operation and is both quiet & compact . Keeps our son entertained as the miles tick away . And when the trip is over , the Xpower , stows away in a carry pouch , perfect for storage in your laptop bag !
 My family takes our 12-inch Powerbook G4 on road trips for showing movies and doing other computer stuff on the road , but the battery would often give out after 2-3 hours rendering the laptop unusable until we could charge the battery again . Over Christmas vacation my family was mid-way through a 2,000 mile road trip , and I saw the Xantrex XPower Pocket 175-Watt Inverter for $ 20 in the clearance section of a local store , so I picked it up . Could n't be happier as now we can run the laptop as much as we want . The inverter gets warm but not too hot . I never heard any noise from it , even after running for over 5 hours -LRB- looks like it has a fan on the bottom , but I never heard it running -RRB- . This is the perfect inverter for us as it is very small and fits easily in the under-seat storage compartment in the van . It only has one power outlet -- if you need two outlets , look for a different model . This one is perfect for powering a laptop.Note that this model , # 813-0291 , does NOT have an airline adapter , but comes with two cables , one for a cigarette lighter , and one for direct connection to a 12-volt -LRB- car/boat -RRB- battery . The product probably has changed since Amazon first started selling it . My model is black , like uploaded in the photo section by R. Liu . The silver photo must be the old model that included the airline adapter .
 I also have to give this one a 5 star rating . I originally purchased the Xpower 175 micro but it was a DOA and the fan was really loud so I returned it for this one . I use the Xpower pocket inverter 175 with my laptop and GPS when I go on road trips and it is quiet and reliable .
 I have n't used it much yet but I 've tested it in the car using my wife 's ThinkPad . It runs that load essentially silently -LRB- the fan hardly works -RRB- and the free powered USB port means I can charge my cell phone too with the right USB cable . The whole package is very compact and fits in it 's own carrying case . My primary reason for purchase was as a power inverter to take in a small airplane so I think it will fit the bill perfectly . I wish I could say I 'd used it enough and for long enough to report on it 's reliability but I have n't yet .
 Just got it yesterday and used it today for my laptop . It works flawlessly . Some notes on the item
 I bought this unit with one thing in mind . To power my laptop GPS system . This unit does that and more for a fair price . So far I have used this unit of about a year with no problems .
 Whether I need to hook up my 7 pin round or my 4 pin flat , it is real easy now . I wired a 30a direct feed off of my battery to charge the trailer too .
 I needed to place a 4 bbl carb on a 2 bbl manifold so I could test it after installing a rebuild kit and make idle mixture adjustments before putting the carb onto the receiving vehicle engine . There was no physical way to reach the mixture screws on the carburetor once it was installed onto the engine in the vehicle -LRB- Ford E-250 ClubWagon -RRB- . This adapter was installed onto a 305 Chevy engine which I had configured onto a home made stand-alone test stand , complete with all components -LRB- radiator/alternator/battery / fuel supply etc -RRB- . This adapter enabled me to test and adjust a 4 bbl Holley on a live ` sound ' engine with plenty of open access space prior to installing it onto the engine of the receiving vehicle . The kit contained everything I needed to accomplish my goal . This kit was not used on an engine used in an operational vehicle , but I saw no reason it would not perform satisfactorily if that were to be the case .
 It 's wire . It conducts electricity . It has good insulation . It 's stranded copper . The insulation color matches standard trailer wiring . I used it to wire my Jeep to be towed behind my truck camper . What else can be said about wire ?
 I have had two other air filter systems , one was a big name and it allowed material from under the hood to be sucked into the filter.the volant fit well and I have increased milage by approx two miles per gallon . I would recommend this product to any one who wishes to improve air flow . The volant is well designed and the material it is made with decreases heat transfer .
 Wires Look great and work decently . The only bad thing I could say about them is that the heat really effects them . Mine are starting to fade and look like they are starting to chafe .
 Ordered left taillight for 95 Voyager . Got it fast 2 days . Fit like a glove . Great . Saved the $ 1750 a shop quoted to fix my car .
 This product is fairly easy to install -LRB- in fact , removing the OEM parts necessary to install the Volant proved more difficult - I advise using a complete manual -LSB- I recommend Chiltons -RSB- to avoid unnecessary head aches -RRB- . My package was missing one 5/8 '' elbow connector , which I did n't discover until 3/4 done with the project . A trip to O'Reilys auto fixed the problem . I needed to cut the breather tube as well to avoid kinks . This kit does n't come with instructions , so if you 're not handy with auto , go to the Volant website for an install picture , and a simple diagram that may assist you.Two last pieces of advise-Be extremely careful when removing the IAT sensor . The plastic around the sensor is fairly brittle and chips easily.When inserting the IAT sensor and new elbow fitting into the Volant air duct 's gromits , use a little greese . The fitting is EXTREMELY tight -LRB- which means it 's a quality seal -RRB- , but a pain to get in . A small amount of greeze make 's the job more manageable .
 TIGHT FIT . WORKS LIKE i EXPECTED IT TO .
 This plug is perfect for the `` chipped '' 1.8 T 4-cylinder in my Audi . It eliminated some misfires under full load/full boost . I highly recommend them for the Stage 1/1 + chipped VW/Audis out there .
 As others have said , this is a great plug of the VW/Audi 1.8 T engine that has been chipped for higher boost . Gap to .28 and run them . They are hard to find at any parts store , I keep hearing `` I can see that NGK makes them but I ca n't order them . '' Thanks amazon .
 It 's starting to get harder to find stores that stock these plugs . May as well order them from Amazon as to have your parts store do the same . I use these for my GIAC chipped 1.8 T A4 . I ordered them late Monday night and they were on my doorstep on Wednesday -LRB- Free Shipping -RRB- .
 These were good plugs and i would recomend them again i bought them for a bigger turbo for my jetta so they were a size cooler than my other ones and they seemed to have run well
 used this in my vw ABA turbo conversion . no complaints so far and I do n't expect to have any . NGK makes good stuff .
 The &#34; check engine &#34; light usually refers to an emission problem . There is a senser in the gas fill pipe that detects gas vapor leaking out . Even if the gas cap is on tight , it may be worn out . This is a common problem for the 2004 Corolla . Since paying $ 7.00 for a new gas cap is way cheaper than taking the car to a shop , try this first . It worked for me , and I got the part in two days . -LRB- Amazon Prime -RRB-
 So thankful for this gas cap ! My local auto zone sold us one that made the ` check engine ' light come on - which was obnoxious ... I figured something was n't right and researched , found that we did n't have the correct cap and that they did n't carry it anyway . Got this , turned the car on - and voila , within 24 hours the light was gone .
 The cap arrived on time , and in perfect condition . Packaging was in great shape . I 'm sure it would have fit perfect , but I 'm a goober and ordered the wrong one . But , it fit my brothers car , so he is keeping it for a spare . Thanks for the great service .
 I decided I might need a new gas cap on my 5-year old Camry when I noticed that in colder weather after a 15-20 mile trip , a circle of condensation would form on the OUTSIDE of my fuel tank door that roughly corresponded to the location and shape of my fuel tank cap . My thoughts were , Oh great , what next ? Check engine light ? Failed emissions inspection ? Since either of those are major inconveniences for me I decided to proactively replace the fuel tank cap . I no longer can detect the ring of condensation after a trip on a cold day so I can only conclude the gas cap is an improvement over the old one . In summary
 It is a good fit . I bought this for Honda civic . Before purchasing , i was doubtful if it will fit . However , It fit and works as advertised.the only thing which could have improved is , if they had provided a cord to attach to the car .
 Great product for the right price ! I would highly recommend this product for anyone looking for a OEM gas cap replacement .
 Made by check-engine light stop -LRB- due to fuel vapor emissions from the tank -RRB- and saved me a few tens of dollars I would have spent if I went to a shop .
 I got this for my 2004 Honda Accord cause my OEM gas cap would cause my check engine light to periodically come on . It fit great and kept my check engine light from coming on again ! It just does n't have the ability to attach the ring that hold the cap to the car and to hang it on inside gas door while pumping gas . Highly recommend for anyone who might have same problem !
 The &#34; check engine &#34; light had turned on in my 2001 Honda Civic . I did some research on the web and decided to start with the cheapest and simplest solution . The &#34; check engine &#34; light went off after about 25 miles with the new cap in place .
 It fits ! Have n't had any problems with it . I put it in a Mitsubishi 3000 GT -LSB- Even though Amazon says it 's incompatable -RSB- and it clicks and everything .
 thats all i can say about it . it fits my toyota 96 camry and it seems to be better than my previous gas cap
 excellent everything , delivery , quality , professionally advertized , affordabilitynow my volvo is happy : - -RRB- i would recommend this product to anyone in need
 Like i said not much to expect from a Fuel Cap Got the job done . for my 98 Honda Civic = -RSB-
 I had problem with check engine light for long time . I replaced this about 2 months ago as both the most of advices and easiest way to solve check engine problem was changing fuel cap . Since that replacement , I have n't seen check engine light so far . This is a great product for the price .
 I bought this 6 months ago to replace the old one that busted . No problems at all with it . My car is a 2000 4dr Honda Accord .
 This Stant fuel cap fit my 2003 Mitsubishi Montero perfectly . Unfortunately my problem with the check engine light was n't caused by the fuel cap -LRB- Was the rusted fuel filler neck -RRB- so I replaced mine for no reason ... Let me start by saying that this fuel cap is great quality , it 's durable fastens tightly , and like I said ; it 's a perfect fit for my Montero . Things to note are that this fuel cap is smaller than my stock cap in exterior dimensions so it fit with ease inside my fuel door , the other thing to note -LRB- as I 'm sure you can see -RRB- is that this has no cord to hold it to the car , nor can one be added . This is what I miss most about my old fuel gap , instead of just letting this one hang you have to take it off and put it somewhere at the pump , although it has n't happened to me I 'm sure that some people will forget this cap at the pump because it 's out of site when you 're done filling.All in all , if you can get over not having a cord to hold it in place when the cap is off then this is a great replacement cap.Hope it helps !
 I used this to replace a bad gas cap on my Montero Sport . It fits great and works very well . The item also was shipped to me very fast . Great buy .
 The &#34; check engine light &#34; on my 1999 Toyota Sienna came on , which scared my wife because she thought we needed to get it serviced -LRB- $ $ $ $ -RRB- . I borrowed a scanner from a friend to check it out and it came back telling me that the evaporative fuel system was not working correctly . I read lots of stuff online about how very expensive and painful it is to replace the system even if I was to do it myself so I decided to start with a suggestion of changing the fuel cap . After putting this fuel cap on the van the check engine light has not come on in over a month -LRB- hope I did n't just jinx it there !! -RRB- . This fuel cap works and I would recommend it to everyone .
 Well , it 's a gas cap . I would say it keeps gas from spilling out of the tank , but there 's already a valve that keeps that from happening . Again , it 's a GAS CAP . It screws on comfortably and is easy to screw off -LRB- hehe ... I put ` screw off ' in this -RRB- . I would 've given it four stars , but that fifth star is earned when it screws itself on and off and puts gas in the car for me .
 Replaced a broken fuel cap , works perfectly fine . What else is there to say ? You need a gas cap for a Suzuki , this might be your ticket .
 Used to replace the fuel filler cap on a 2002 Honda Accord v6 , which was throwing a p1456 MIL OBD code . The original cap looked fine by visual inspection -- no pressure test performed -- but this was the next step in the diagnosis . Cap color is different , gray vs black , but construction is similar . After 2 days , no MIL . Product pictures are incomplete , hence the 4 stars .
 I have a 1998 Honda Accord that has had a service light on for several months . The old fuel cap looked fine , but I had ruled out every other problem , so I purchased the Stant 10834 Fuel Cap . I put it on , clicked it 3 times per instructions , cleared the service light and no more problems . I have now put several tanks of gas in the car and the problem is clearly solved . This was a very inexpensive fix . The product was delivered quickly and I am delighted with the quality .
 It works perfectly . We needed it to match the manufacturer 's cap and you can not tell a difference . Nice price and quick service .
 It fits just right and I have high hopes that it will correct the check engine light from coming on constantly . Seems to be well made and durable . Has a nice thick o-ring inside so there should n't be any leakage whatsoever .
 I purchased this for my 2000 Chevy Silverado . It fit perfectly.Product came quickly and in great condition . Slant Auto/truck products historically have been good products for me that 's why I chose theirs .
 I think it is a good product at this price . Although it is not as good as the original one , it works perfectly .
 The bottom line up front
 I bought this cap after I failed my emissions test for my '97 Honda Civic . They were going to charge me $ 45 at the Honda dealership to get a new cap but when I found this online for under $ 10 I decided to go for it . I passed my emissions test and it does everything I want it to do for a gas cap -- it caps off my gas tank : -RRB-
 For over a year I was dealing with `` Check Engine '' lights having to do with a large emission leak . I originally changed the gas cap with the Volvo OEM cap at twice the price thinking this would solve the trick . Nope.After a year and a half of erasing engine codes with my reader from a gas cap that could not create a good seal I decided to try this Stant cap . It has worked so well over the past few months that I bought an extra because I am concerned about losing it -LRB- there is no leash like on the OEM cap.A great buy that solved my `` Check Engine '' light problem . I 'm a happy camper : -RRB-
 I purchased my first replacement fuel cap from a local auto store who promised it was the right one . The dealer wanted about a 100 bucks for a new original one . I found out 30 odd days later my bargain nine dollar fuel cap was not oxygenated i.e. a requirement for a Volvo . I did some online research -LRB- something i should have done in the first place -RRB- and found the Stant fuel cap was a legitimate replacement . So I bought the Stant oxygenated fuel cap , and my fuel light no longer comes on . I checked my fuel system out at the dealer and no problems . The Stant was significantly cheaper than the dealer cap and to my surprise cheaper than the bargain fuel cap . I have had NO PROBLEMS with my fuel light coming on and it 's been over 60 days . The only thing is I wish the Stant came with is the attachment chain to the car . Other than that , I think I made a good deal . Another thing , none of the car auto shops -LRB- including all the big names -RRB- carry this particular fuel cap . I called them all and they would of had to special order it , which would have meant a special price too .
 Got this to replace gas tank cap on my 1997 Honda Accord . Fit well , as confirmed by Amazon . Got it at much lower price than the auto store or Walmart .
 Nice for my 2001 Avalon . Make check engine light off . -LRB- My check engine code is Code P0441 & P0446 -LRB- EVAP -RRB- -RRB- Pass the smog test.Love it.Lin
 As you may know , one cause of the `` check engine light '' coming on your dash is lack of pressure in the fuel system due to a faulty gas cap.Normally , when the `` check engine light '' comes on , I go out and tighten the gas cap ; if that 's the cause , the light will go off in an hour or so.However , if the light stays on , a cheap option is to replace the gas cap - a lot cheaper than taking it to the shop and getting charged an hour of labor and the shop cost of a gas cap . In my state , a car with the `` check engine '' light on during the inspection period will fail the inspection.If you replace the cap , and the light still stays on , then take it to the shop.This is a good price on the cap .
 I bought this gas cap after my '02 Honda Civic 's check engine light came on and the code that was scanned at the dealership was P1456 . They were kind enough to not charge me for clearing the code and tightening the gas cap , which is the primary cause for this error code . Apparently , this happens often and most customers do n't like paying $ 75 for this simple fix . A day later the check engine light was back though . The original gas cap had no visible damage or signs of wear , but it was the cause of the problem . After several days of regular driving , the check engine light turned off . Problem solved !
 The stant fuel cap is cheap , but does what it has to do . After a few days using it my check engine light went out so I am very happy about that . As of right now , after using it for three weeks , I have come across no problems with it and I highly recommend it to anyone who needs a new fuel cap .
 Left mine at gas station after filling up . Bought this and it fits perfectly . Price is right . Auto shop wanted $ 20 + to order a replacement cap .
 My friend took my car , put some gas , and lost the fuel cap . !! i know . . ! by the second day the -LRB- check engin light -RRB- come on and it started to sound funny , the mechanic said it needs $ 30-new fuel cap + $ 30 to fix the check engin thing . . I ordered -LRB- Stant 10834 -RRB- because it was the cheapest and the seller seemed legit , little that I knew , it 's one of the best deals i 've made . . got it 2 days ofter ordering , fit perfectly , AND 2 days after that , the -LRB- check engin light -RRB- went off !! and my car went back to normal . . Do n't know what this magical Fuel Cap did , but i 'm very pleased and most thankful . .
 Check engine light kept going on and off in my 2002 Honda CRV . A few dollars for the cap from Amazon , or a day at the dealer and considerable cash for &#34; diagnostics &#34; and repair . I say Amazon .
 Looks very similar to the OEM Subaru cap , I drilled out the center of the cap to match the hole in the OEM version so I could attach the cap leash.What else can I say ... it works , and I 'm not getting a `` check engine '' light because of gas cap vacuum issues .
 A perfect fit for my '02 Toyota Corolla , and the price is definitely right ! It 's been a couple of weeks and I do n't have any complaints .
 Good stock , like the original , perfect fit good stock to purchase at amazon for less Stand 10834 Fuel cap thank s
 For the last minute this was actually helpful . Cheap and fast very satisfied with the purchase . Fits like a glove on my Toyota Corolla
 Yes ! It is the best after market Fuel Cap . Bought one for my 2000 Honda Civic and worked like a charm . Initially bought one from O'Reilys and the product they have for replacement sucks BIG time . Called Honda and they sell one for $ 30 . Outrageous ... so I decided to try this one instead . After all , the reward is so much bigger than the risk ... the risk of losing $ 5 versus gaining more . So ... voila !!!! Check Engine Light gone in 2 days . I have filled up my tank twice already and it looks like it 's going to stay off until I lose the cap again lol.BEST aftermarket product at a fraction of the price of Honda 's original .
 Ordered this product on a Monday , came to my door on a Thursday . The product came in the small standard amazon box , and the product was n't beat up or anything at all . Could n't have asked for better .
 Just what I needed at a good price ... Sincemy granson forgot to replace my original gas cap when he was done putting gas in the car . I did not want to drive to much so I did n't want to go to Auto store were they charge overhead I so I when on line to Amazon.com and did a search and found what I needed ... replacement cap same item as orginal . . Thanks
 Threaded backwards ; Made out of plastic ; Gasoline smells . Just kidding , it was perfect . What can you say about a Gas cap ?
 I was getting random check engine light signals popping up.I was able to clear them with my scangauge ii , but they kept coming back.Eventually I tracked down info that gas caps could go bad over time , tripping the check engine light.Haven ' t had a single incident since I changed over to this new cap .
 I added this liner to my 9-7X . It covers quite a bit more area than the stock ones , though it does n't seem to be as high quality . I 'm going to leave it anyway due to the superior protection/coverage .
 Thi is my second HJC CL-31 helmet , great constion , even better fit , hard to scatch , all around best buy for your money .
 A few big nicks to paint on hitch due to not so great packaging job from Curt , expect it will start to rust in those spots . Overall hitch is a very well made product - heavy duty . The instructions were shall we say very `` high level '' just really an exploded parts diagram not instructions on how to install ... For my vehicle -LRB- 2000 EVC -RRB- left off details like you have to drop rear muffler bracket and loosen the heat shield that is riveted in place -LRB- drill out rivets that hold it in place -RRB- in order to install the last bolt on drivers side - the one that uses the `` handle nut '' . Once the hitch is bolted up there was no practical way to re-attach the exhaust heat shield , hopefully it does not rattle too badly . You will need a helper who is willing to crawl under the vehicle with you to attach the handle nut , even with the heat shield partially removed and bent out of the way , this step is a real pain . Also directions are silent on what to do with extra bolts and washers ... were those supposed to be used in place of the factory ones that were removed or ?? Recommended for someone who has good mechanical skills and decent tools , not a DIY job for a newbie , expect to spend a few hours on this project .
 The curt receiver could n't have been easier . It came fast , packaged well , and with all of the correct bolts to plug and play straight into my Eurovan.The installation took me about 30 minutes . -LRB- I 'm good , but not a pro by any means with auto work . -RRB- 6 bolts mount to the Eurovan . - 4 of which are already threaded on the van 's frame . 2 of which you 'll need to place a nut on the backside of the bolt . It was very easy . Another reviewer made comment of removing the heat shield near the exhaust , which made me a little nervous about having to do so ... You do n't need to at all . One of the nuts is welded to a stick of metal allowing you to insert the nut with the heat shield intact . -LRB- Curt would benefit by putting that in the instructions . -RRB- Overall , I was very pleased with this purchase . This is a very well made hitch .
 This hitch receiver just fit my VW T4 VR6 . It no need any drill to fit my 1999 VW T4 VR6 Taiwan version . Very good product .
 Just installed the sat radio receiver and antenna this morning and everything is working just fine . Cable price and availability made this possible .
 The temperature censor was not compatible with the 1987 Volvo 760 it was purchased for , surely if the item worked it would have been great , but not for this vehicle . The shipping was great via prime-2day .
 `` Restoring '' my 1995 F350 for camper use and needed new ground loom . Obselete from Ford dealer but just happened to find here with search for `` battery ground wire '' or similar . Came promptly , reasonable price and perfect . Fits other listed applications as well .
 This is exactly what I was looking for , and at a great price , too ! I was so pleased that I bought additional ones for family and friends .
 I live in Michigan and the recent snow storm proved that this product could handle the snow and ice . I would buy it for a friend for Christmas .
 I was very impressede by this product . . Yesterday Indiana had a pretty significant ice storm come through . . I finnaly used this product I had purchaed as my Christmas gift . And I cant belive how great it worked . It covered my front window as well as the wiper blades on my Ford Explorer . I woke up early to clean the window off and didnt need to at all ... Just opened my doors unhooked the clips and the ice and snow fell off ... I also didnt have to waste alot of gas trying to warm up my truck
 I heard back from 2 of the 5 people I gave at Xmas . We have had no snow , but during a couple of nights of freeze , the daughter and son-in-law said they worked great .
 It performed as well as I expected in keeping ice off the windshield -LRB- not perfect , but pretty good -RRB- and was very cheap . Putting on/taking off was quick and simple . No complaints .
 This windshield cover attaches so it will stay put when winds blow hard . It is easy to put on and remove and a tremendous buy . Folds up and fits easily under driver or passenger seat .
 We live in Maine ... so is so important to have some protection , from the snow . This hooks on the inside of the car , so stays where it is put . . This also protect from the frost , so when you pull it off , the windshield is all clear .
 Upon review of this item it appears to be what was listed . I suppose I had greater expectations for the thickness of the windshield screen . Ultimately the item looks as if it will accomplish its task -LRB- cover the windshield to avoid frost and snow build-up -RRB- . I havent used it yet , however , it is what is listed.The thickness ` letdown ' may turn out to be an advantage in that it will be easier to fold because it is thin , plus it 's thickness -LRB- being thinner -RRB- has minimized its overall weight -LRB- despite being very light -RRB- . I 'll post my feedback when I try it out in winter.Overall good price for a ` creative ' invention to avoid the hastle associated with scrapping ice off of a windshield when it is -10 * outside .
 I read the other reviews that were positive and decided to give this a chance . Plainly stated , it works well - keeps frost and ice off of the windshield of the car my daughter uses to go to college - and most importantly , it keeps ME from getting up extra early to scrape frost/ice off of her windshield!It does seem a bit flimsy but it has held up for several weeks now . My suggestion is that if you feel like it 's too windy out to trust the elastic bands , use your windshield wipers to help hold it down.It 's also true that it 's not full size - it does n't completely cover the windshield , but it does cover over 80 % and if you set it on there right , you probably wo n't have to scrape at all . it 's a great value for the money - buy an extra one for the first one wears out .
 Good shield from Amazon.com . Bought 3 . A little unwieldy , but works great . Would recommend it for winter . Hope it is as good in summer .
 It does get the job done if you do n't mind spending 5-10 min to install it in a freezing weather . I liked it , albeit it was a little time consuming to install it in freezing weather.Great product .
 In spite of the fact that our winter did n't produce much frost , I enjoyed not having to scrape my windshield in the morning . Only problem with this product is that it seems to be made upside-down -LRB- at least for the windshield of a VW Beetle -RRB- , but we fixed that by simply turning it over . Great product !
 This product is great . We live in north Florida where temps get into the teens sometimes and below freezing in winter months . This item takes a minute to put on windshield and less than 30 seconds to remove . When you remove - you have a ice free windshield . Do not miss pot of water or scraping tools and defrosting the windshield . B Staten , Lake City , FL
 It works great but not as big as I thought it would be . Easy to put on and take off and stays in place .
 When I first got this , we had had numerous frosty mornings . So I put this on and what do you know ... it only rained . lolAnyway , when I finally got a frost , the side windows were frosty , the windshield , not at all . It was marginally loose , hard wind does n't work with this , but it still did the job on low wind , frosty days .
 great gift . . really appreciated by recipients ... the price is right ... quality ... good service ... an item that keeps on giving daily and year-round ... for yourself or as a gift ...
 Easy to put on , and it stays on . I have no garage . A must for anyone without a garage to keep their windows clean .
 It is easy to use . I ordered another one for the back windshield , too . folds right up and off you go . No defrosting .
 the shield is easy to install and works great . I used to scrape frost off my girls cars for 10 minutesand now 2 seconds to remove the screen .
 exactly what I was looking for ; perfect - exactly what I was seeking - super sturdy ; save your money - this is the one !!!
 This windshield screen fits my Jeep Wrangler with plenty of excess , so I believe it would fit any car or average-size truck . It secures by closing the doors around the edges and by a strap that connects inside the car . The screen is thick , bendable , and has a good-quality reflective finish . I can see this screen lasting a long time . Excellent product and price
 This inexpensive cover works great ! Highly recommend ... no ice or frost , easy on/off ... would buy another ! A must have fir snowy states -LRB- used in WI -RRB- .
 I originally got it so I did n't have to scrape ice and snow off my windshield after a day at work & could just peel it off and go . Total success . I 've since also used it in the summer when it 's more effective to have this on the car 's outside & reflecting the intense sunlight instead of the usual sunshade inside the car which still cause the greenhouse effect inside the car , not very wise . I also use it in rain since it does such a great job of keep the glass perfectly dry in non-torrential downpours . Awesome product & incredibly simple & effective .
 Nice Produt so far , and very inexpensive . Easy to put on and take off . We will see how it holds up
 I have n't used this many times yet , but my initial experience has been good . I like the design that hooks together inside the cab of the car quite a bit - much easier than trying to hook to exterior parts of the car , or get magnets to hold in the wind.Speaking of wind , while it is not a problem where I park I am not sure how well the lightweight `` space blanket '' material would fare in a gale.Only real problem is probably not one any design could overcome - the frost and ice go in the car along with the shields hen you take it off in the morning . But on balance I give it a good recommendation .
 i like this product it works well on sweety 's explorer and not to bad on my old Chevy truck -LRB- it covers the hole windshield but can not shut it in the door -RRB-
 This has been one of the worst winters in Tennessee and this little screen has been a lifesaver ! It takes only a couple of moments in the afternoon to put it on the car . A few seconds in the morning and you drive off with a clear windshield!I highly recommend it whether you are dealing with ice or snow it works great .
 Purchased two of these items for our two cars -LRB- Hyundai & Subaru -RRB- ; however , tho our cars are standard size , the covers really do n't cover the entire glass space . Easy to put on and remove . During a January ice storm , it performed perfectly . No scraping required . Just make sure you measure your windshield before buying !
 This is a terrific idea . I bought one for my Buick Lucerne and one for my husband 's work van ! Fits perfectly on both . We both love the idea . Great buy !
 I ordered the Hopkins SubZero Windshield cover and could n't have made a better purchase . It is extremely easy to use and works perfectly . I never have to do anything to my windshield when I take it off and that saves me so much time in the morning !!! I would recommend this product to everyone .
 I live in scenic St. Paul Minnesota where the winters really are as bad as you think . For literally years I have been parking my car on the street , and getting a vigorous upper body work-out each morning in the dark scraping and scraping and scraping , in seeming futility . An interesting note is that the colder it gets , the more difficult it is to remove frost . What is easy-peasy in October when it 's ~ 20 degrees is an immobile layer of death at -20 in January.After two weeks of sub-zero nights in this particular early January 2010 , repleat with especially brutal and immobile layers of frost , I thought to myself `` O.K. , I need to do something . '' But what ? Build a $ 30,000 garage ? Not feasible . Then I saw a relatively expensive magnetic device -LRB- $ 20 + -RRB- in one of those catalogs you can thumb-through on airplanes . I came to Amazon to see if something similar was available . I am budget-minded ... frugal ... some might say `` cheap '' , so the price really drew me to this item . I reasoned that the worst that could happen would be that it does n't work . For ~ $ 10 it was worth the risk.I 'm writing this review to share the fact that this thing works perfectly . It is better than a Thneed . And it is worth every penny . It fits like it was made for my Subaru Forester -LRB- though the image here is upside-down from the way I use it . -RRB- This seemingly flimsy little piece of shiny material looks deceptively simple . I worried that it might make the car a target for vandalism , but the corners shut inside your doors . I suppose someone could destroy it , but they wo n't be able to steal it easily . If you keep it nice and tight to the windshield , you will have zero scraping to do on the front of your car every morning . Being able to see is the first step to safe winter driving . I 'm saving gas . I 'm saving time . And I 'm reducing the amount of time I spend outdoors in sub-zero windchills.My only reservation -LRB- the reason I give it 4 and not 5 stars -RRB- is that it does not seem terribly durable . Still - I 've had it nearly a month , and no problems yet.Fantastic . I never want to be without one in winter again .
 I put this on my car windshield last night when I got home from work and this morning NO FROST ! I hate scraping my windshield so this is exactly what I was looking for . As usual Amazon came through for me ! The screen is big enough to wrap into the inside of the windshield and also has an elastic band with hooks that make sure it is really secure . I can see using this on my car when I 'm in the office and it gets icy outside , I wo n't have to scrape . HMMM ! I may have to get one for the back window as well . Thank you Amazon and Subzero !
 Overall the windshield screen works well . I have a Toyota Highlander and the screen is a little small . The shape of the screen does n't quite fit the shape of my windshield . It does a good job of keeping ice and snow off of the windshield though . I do not have to do any scraping . It is easy to put on and attaches very easily with elastic bands that hook inside of the car . I have had no problems putting the screen on by myself . I have only used it for a few weeks , so I 'm not sure how durable it will be . I recommend this product for a quick fix to eliminating snow/ice on windshields .
 I received one of these covers for Christmas from a co-worker . -LRB- I usually use a sheet and magnets . -RRB- We tried this in the great Oklahoma Blizzard in February 2010 . It is amazing . Very easy to install , even by myself . -LRB- I understand if it is windy how it could be a little more difficult , but definitely easier than a twin sheet or trash bags ! -RRB- I drive a Chevy Tahoe and this covers my entire windshield including my wipers . We love this product so much that we are buying 6 more for family and friends . I do n't know how long it will last , but if it makes it through one winter it is worth the $ 10 !
 I got two of these - one for the wife 's car and one for mine . Installation is easy - simply lay it over the windshield with the doors open , fold the `` extra '' length on each side inside the front car doors , and hook the elastic connectors on both ends together inside the car , then shut the doors . Keeps off frost , ice , and snow . The only -LRB- minor -RRB- drawback is they 're wet when you take them off , so you need to put them in the garage to dry out or pop them in the trunk and dry them later . Great price for saving all that scraping on cold winter mornings .
 The product is just what we needed and ordered . The pictures and specs provided in the ad are useful and accurate . The price was right . And the delivery was very prompt . They did everything except come here and install it for us !
 No problems with this product . It seems to be well made and durable , was easy to install and looks like it will hold up for a long while . Kit included everything needed except wire connectors .
 This product installs easily and in little time . If you need to update your old controller , or even if you only need a new battery for it , it is worth your time to investigate this product and find that you can replace the complete unit -LRB- with a built in battery meter ! -RRB- for little more than what the battery alone costs !
 I have the version of the product with the breakaway switch , battery meter , and charger . There are a bunch of versions so make sure you get the part number you want . This was easy to install on my trailer , a flatbed with dual axles -LRB- note that wiring/electronics is something that I do frequently -RRB- . The instructions were clear . It replaced an old non-charging type with a failed switch . I like the charge light as it tells me the connection to the truck is there and the test light lets me know the battery has juice . I never knew if the old one was going to work .
 Easy to setup , good instructions . The lights help you see what is going on -LRB- battery status , charging ... -RRB- and diagnosing wiring issues is easy.The included battery was already charged and the box is easy to mount on the trailer . Overall a great solution , you wo n't need anything else to setup a breakaway system on your trailer .
 This is a very affordable , simple to install charges it 's self when the trailer is hooke to a vehicle and works very well could not be any happier with it .
 Original box leaked water in , shorted out battery . Box was hard to open . Looked online and found this replacement . Easy to open , weather sealed , nice test light to see quickly battery condition . Very happy .
 Good product and installs easily , directions are easy to understand and post installation functions perfectly.I reccomend this product to all types of installers pro / do it your selfers .
 I paid what they said I would pay , it got here when they aid it should be here and it worked , Can you ask for more ?
 top quality , for the price you cant beat it.ez install . less than the cost of a new bat you get it all.works perfect . better than org .
 Our company had some trailers that had dead batteries in the ` break-away ' systems . Instead of just replacing batteries - -LRB- which were quite expensive -RRB- I decided to replace the whole system . Found the ` Hopkins Engager ' at Amazon . It was cheaper than a battery for our existing systems and came with a switch and everything else new . It was easy to install and it works good . I really like the battery meter that tells if your charge circuit is working on the pull vehicle . Good product
 First of all , the packaging is very save with all those bubbles plastic wrapping around the product , and arrive earlier than estimated on the email.This Stant fuel cap is found to be a perfect replacement -LRB- perfect fit , no gas leak/hisses -RRB- for OEM caps in my GE8.Now , I put my OEM caps in the storage room and let it relax in there.Last but not least , looking forward for Amazon to have more competitive international shipping cost .
 This was a direct replacement for my worn hoses on my 2003 Liberty Limited . Work great , and easy install .
 This iyem is a must have for anyone who has tinted windows . It makes a world of difference at night . The brightness of the light and the wide angle at which its projected has helped to drastically reduce my potential for backing into objects .
 Good buy for the price , they are brighter than stock at least 2X , would buy again .
 I received prompt delivery of the Tokico Illumina struts from this vendor and had them installed on my IS300 -LRB- front and rear -RRB- along with new strut mounts -LRB- not included with struts -RRB- . The suspension upgrade retained the stock springs and after-market sway bars and the struts were set to adjustment setting # 3 . The tires wererotated after the installation.On the drive home , I noticed a tighter , more precise feeling in the ride and steering . Thereseem to be a tiny bit more oversteer compared to pre-installation setup -LRB- stock struts and non-rotated tires -RRB- . After the next days drive to and from work , I decided that the steering felt a slight bit edgyfor everyday driving ; so I adjusted the front struts down one position from # 3 to # 2 . Driving to work the next day , the adjustment seemed to have the desired effect ; less edginessin steering and a smoother feeling ride . Over the next couple days , I try a couple hard turnsand quick transitions . The car felt very stable and applying throttle in turns produced theexpected results -LRB- no surprises -RRB- . I 'm thinking about resetting the front struts back to the # 3position for further tuning evaluation due to the rotated tires ` settling in ' .
 I took a chance on this cover as it was far from the most expensive . I was pleased with the quality . It is of thicker material than I was expecting . The fit is really good with elastic around the front and back of the cover and grommets mid-way on both sides . I live in a windy area and the cover stays securely on the truck . There is nothing abrasive on the cover to cause rub marks . I also receive a lot of intense sun so we shall see how it holds up but 1 month out it 's , so far so good . I 'm glad I made this purchase .
 Great part but missing eyelet for pull back spring . Would like org part but not in system for sale or at Dealership , to old . Fits chevy from 1955 to 1963 .
 My Dad has used this for years . Since the old one needs to be replaced , I 'm happy I found it . For the elderly it 's great because they can sit while they shower , then pause the water flow while soaping up . I have to admit , my husband and I like it too .
 Pro 's :1 . This product does the job .2 . It looks stylish on the Highlander .3 . There is no drilling which would compromise rust resistance.Con 's :1 . Illustration & wording on the instructions could be clearer .2 . EGR fails to take into account the under hood vibration cushion in their instructions . It seems to me that this needs to either be removed , altered , or attached to the underside of the bug shield , the latter of which did .3 . No extras are included in package , i.e. if you happen to drop one of the plastic pieces screw plugs , good luck finding it ; to EGR 's credit though they will ship you replacement 's free of charge.Finally
 Good quality . Fits nicely , doing the job it was meant to do after all it is Gates a well known manufacturer .
 Have you ever dropped your phone and felt yourself cringe ? This is just a little armer for you RAZR . The car and home charger are just that , the three together at this low price are not to be passed up .
 All three pieces are very sturdy and of good quality , they are truly comparable to higher priced pieces . This is a very good value for the money .
 Great Combo if your need an extra house charger , a car charger -LRB- in case of blackouts -RRB- , and a hard case -LRB- in case your drop your phone -RRB- . All three items were used , and they worked perfectly until I switched phones . The case never broke , and I still have all three items .
 I love this ! It protects my razr , which is really important because I am a super klutz . I love this love it love it ! It does add a little bulk to the phone but for the protection it provides it 's totally worth it .
 This was priced very good and the quality is fantastic . I have 2 RAZR 's so I got 2 of these and buy a lot from this dealer as the prices are great and their quality is fantastic .
 I loved this combo ; I bought 4 of them now . The cover works perfectly with the Razr V3
 Arrived as promised and installation was a breeze . It took the &#34; NOISE &#34; out of this exhaust and kept me compliant with forestry regulations with no noticeable loss in power . FMF products rock for the price .
 It was a great purchase and I liked it very much . Not only the stuff but also the shipment and packaging was great .
 Product as described . Sturdy construction allows repeated abuse/use without failure . Only negative thing I saw was the black tip was a tad to long for my application . The included parts catalog was a bonus .
 I bought a used car and for some reason the previous owner decided to take the Cig lighter with him/her . Bought this because of the value and used primarily for TomTom GPS power . The product is exactly like the picture and if you are worried about installing it it is very easy . The Red wire is the `` hot '' lead and neutral wire connects to that flat metal sticking out in the rear . The picture does not show it but the rear is just a point and the red -LRB- hot wire -RRB- can be removed , if your vehicle already has the female attachment hooked up , simply connect it directly to the back of this cig lighter . Make sure you check your fuse box if you are using this as a power source . its 12V DC and the fuse panel on my car rates it at 15 amps -LRB- also connects to something else -RRB- But if the line is feeding this-I would stick to a 10 amp fuse to protect your GPS , Phone , etc. . The only negative about this is the fact that it does not have a `` securing '' plug or latch to secure it-you have to figure out a way to properly secure it in place . I just cut out a whole in the plastic dash and inserted this in . I placed zip ties in the front and back-pinning the plastic dashboard inbetween , then wrapped electrical tape over the zip ties . This way it stays in place when I routinely insert and remove the car power outlets.Also I ordered this on an evening and by the third day it arrived-surprisingly fast for a third party vendor .
 Easy to install and has worked now for 3 months with no problems . The only con I have is the lighter is to tall and is n't the one pictured . I have to remove it from the base the close the lid that 's suppose to cover it on my car . Is n't a big deal since I 'm using it for power instead , but if you want to keep the lighter in the base and your car has a cover for the lighter and ashtray it may not fit correctly .
 I have an '85 280 SL and the outlet did not fit the new US standards for car chargers . This popped in within minutes with a few minor modifications . Arrived fast and exactly as expected for a good price .
 I purchased this , so I could wire it into the original lines and add more power options to my car . My stock assembly stayed in place and continued to work , but what I did was tap the wires into the original so I could add a USB car charger to my car hidden away behind the dash . I then ran an iPod cable underneath my radio so my iPhone would charge seamlessly in my car . It worked perfectly and the price was wonderful .
 I love it . It was a perfect fit as a replacement for the old coroded one that I had been using in my golf cart
 Not much to say about this other than it is exactly what it is supposed to be . Remember you need to ground it and it wo n't take much amperage with that itty bitty wire !
 Great product . Excellent fit . Gives a nice different look to your F150 . Very satisfied
 I purchase this filter for my 1981 BMW 528i , and I must say that I am very pleased to install an old fashioned canister oil filter on my car.The canister filters are bigger , and I can only assume that they can filter out more impurities than a smaller spin-on filter.If you have an older BMW , enjoy the fact that you are purhcasing a better filter than anything that comes afterward .
 these are the smarter choice for their price and quality , they are great to replace those whimpy automatic locking hubs .
 Very good copy . Now , size was a little bigger than what I was expecting.In the end I could not use it as a reg . KeyChain .
 I only had to remove 2 bolts from the frame to install . About a 30 minute job for my son and I. No drilling and all the holes lined up for the bolts . Nice hitch and and it sits up close to the bumper . I installed it on a 2001 Dodge Dakota sport extended cab .
 was a frustrating driveway self install with limited tools and no jack but i was able to get in on in about 30 mins .
 This was for my son for Christmas . He was thrilled . The only problem was with the way it was shipped . The box was not strong enough to be shipped the way it was . It just barely made it to my porch . When my husband and I went to bring it in , the whole bottom of the box broke open . Thankfully the product was not damaged . Better packaging would be ideal . No problem with the actual item .
 Have used Curt for several vehicle and they are the best hitch for the money . I do n't see a reason to pay 50-100 dollars more to U-Haul or Reese for the same steel .
 This product does not just bolt onto the back of 94 Dodge Dakota 's -LRB- most likely the same on 95-91 Dakota models . -RRB- . I will need to drill an opening for the other two bolt holes but that 's maybe 20 minutes of work.Otherwise it looks like a very solid product . I 'd still recommend this hitch for use on our trucks . It also looks like it will add some serious strength to the frame .
 I bought this receiver for my Dodge Dakota . I used to have one on the truck , removed it and misplaced it somewhere in the garage . It is a true bolt on , I think it actually fits better than the Reese I lost.I also bought the Curt 2 '' hitch and am very pleased with both . It took me about an hour to mount it , butprobably would take someone else a little less time . I was also replacing the rear step bumper at the same time .
 I ordered one for my Dodge Dakota . It fit perfectly . No drilling just put in place and bolted to my side wall frame .
 Easy to install . Took me less than 10 minutes start to finish . Well made , good looks and zero issues trailering the boat .
 I purchased this hitch for my '02 Dodge Dakota . The install time is 25 minutes , and I believe this to be true . However , it took my much longer as one of the six bolts I had to remove was frozen and I had to spend time cutting it off -LRB- not a fault with the hitch at all -RRB- . Install was very straight forward and I did n't even have to jack up the rear of my truck . I installed it by myself -LRB- with two jack stands supporting the hitch -RRB- , but it 's probably easier -LRB- and quicker -RRB- with a second person .
 For most people and vehicles an air filter is an air filter . The Mann filters have always been great in my cars , they are the best priced I have found and fitment was correct .
 This has worked great for a year and a half . Saves a lot of propane ! Just clean the heating element and the water tank every six months or so .
 works great perfect service , fast shipping , and just the way a was describe highly recommended , works super ,
 Great mat for my 2003 Honda Element . I had no mats in my car when I got it used in 2005 . These work well . Thanks !
 To Whom it may Concern , I am not too sure if this item has done anything to improve my truck around town . I do however think that it has helped on long trips over 55 MPH . I have gotten bette gas milage for the second tank in a row . I hope this is helpfull to someone.Reinhard
 I bought this for use on my 2004 GMC Sierra as this is also the part number for use on my truck . It is completely invisible to onlookers when mounted properly , as it sits behind the passenger side tow hook . Because this location increases the potential to bring water into the airbox -LRB- especially if in mild flood conditions -RRB- I also purchased a .005 micron Volant pre-filter for my PowerCore filter to prevent the ingress of water into the engine through the intake.I did n't expect a performance gain from this or from my Volant CAI because I understand that the minor air temperature reduction the CAI and scoop provide will really only be relevant at WOT -LRB- wide open throttle -RRB- ... which is n't where I tend to have my throttle .
 This fan is doing it 's job and it was cheap . If you need one this is the one . No need to spend more at autozone
 This filter is intended for Volvo 's without the `` cabin filtration system '' -LRB- recirculate button has `` auto-on-manual '' settings -RRB- , however , it can also be used with Volvo 's -LRB- I believe S60 's , older S80 's and definably with XC90 's -RRB- with the `` cabin filtration system '' if you place this filter in the slot closest to the passenger seat and you do n't mind not having the odor absorbing `` charcoal '' filtration part of the filter.There are two slots in the cabin filter area of the volvos - Closest to the passenger seat - 1 inch thick slot , for non-charcoal filters - example Mann part number CU2855Furthest from passenger seat -LRB- closest to firewall -RRB- - 1.5 inch thick slot for charcoal filters - example Mann part number CUK2855Differences : with `` cabin filtration system '' uses thicker , 1.5 inch charcoal activated filter - inserts into back slot of filter area -LRB- towards firewall -RRB- Without `` cabin filtration system '' use thinner , 1 inch pleated fabric filter - inserts into front slot of filter area -LRB- towards passenger seat -RRB- Either filter works in either version of your car , many volvo boards indicate this , and even my dumb dealer installed the standard filter -LRB- non-charcoal -RRB- filter in my XC90 that was equipped with `` cabin filtration system `` One caveat - the charcoal one has a better cutout at the top than this one , it is a molded plastic -LRB- at least the last one I used -RRB- and this one , CU2855 standard filter uses a piece of foam at the top to fit the offset cut at the top of the filter , be sure you put the replacement filter back in the right way as you can easily compress the foam to make it fit the wrong airflow direction.I put this one in my car to try to allow the system to breath more as the charcoal units can block moisture from escaping occasionally.Will put the charcoal one back in place after a few months .
 Bought this air filter to replace the stock one . Arrived on time and the fit was good . Have only ridden the bike a few times since the install , but so far all seems good .
 Great mat for my 2003 Honda Element . I had no mats in my car when I got it used in 2005 . These work well . Thanks !
 Purchased for my Isuzu i-280 , installed in a minute and works perfectly . And paid a lot less than if I had taken it somewhere to have this done . I 'm very satisfied .
 I would recommend this product to anyone who is in need of a simple wiring kit for their trailer . Saved me time as well as money in trying to find someone that knows how to splice truck and trailer wireing systems .
 The item was described very detailed and when i put the info in about my vehicle it was very informative . It had all the information I needed to make my purchase . I will purchase again from Amazon . Thank uPamela Morgan
 Was as described . . it does not come with screws , etc. so you will have to buy those ... easy to install and fits great...one-half the price that the dealer wanted ... arrived on time .
 Good to have , fits pretty good , but is pretty wrinkled as volant jams it into a envelope type package . Should work good , but in no way was worth what they charge for it .
 It 's a must if you have a cold air induction system from Volant save you extra time in the filter clean up and avoids small particulates being wedged in between the filters . Highly recommended for the cold air induction system . .
 Received order as advertised , in three days , nicely packed . Only negative is that the nomenclature for the part was incorrect . It is an air pump as the picture shows and the part number indicates , but for some reason it is listed as a `` Fuel Pump Assembly '' . Anyway , I received the Air Pump and installed it without any problems . The price was right !
 Gauge was initially sent wrong . After communication with Amazone , a new one was immediately appologizing for the inconvenience that this mistake might have caused . Other then that no problem .
 it added a nice growl tot he sound of my car . perfect fitment
 Easily installed it came with step by step instruction with photos follow the instruction and you wont have to pay for someone to install it for you . It helps if you know car parts though and shipping was amazing it came fast and fast so no problem there . I would highly recommend this product . Plus it sounds amazing !!!!
 AWESOME GREAT PRODUCT JUST LIKE THE OEM FITS CAR PERFECT.HIGHLY RECOMMEND EASY INSTALLATION GREAT QUALITY VERY STURDY FAST SHIP THANKS AGAIN
 I would recommend these for all motorcycles . I am writing a review 8 years later . Purchased mine in 2003 , put it on 2 bikes since . Not sure if it cycled 100,000 times , but I got my moneys worth . I am in the process of getting another . My bike has 4 brake lights , so if you have fewer these units might last even longer as I overload mine every time I apply the brakes .
 The device is very easy to install , if you have the proper tools , ie wire connectors , crimper and perhaps a volt meter if you need to find your brake light wire . It took me about 10 minutes or so , to isolate the brake light wire in the rear harness of my bike and about 3 minutes to cut and splice the device into the circuit . The device works as advertised , at least on my 2010 Vulcan 900 Classic LT.Whether or not it significantly improves your brake light visibility in bright daylight conditions , I do n't know . But , it certainly works very well in darker conditions and at night.I purchased this device in addition to their plug and play version of this product , SIGNAL DYNAMICS MODULE HEADLIGHT 01013and this product , Kawasaki Vulcan 900 Classic Cobra Lightbar Light Bar LT. All of these devices are designed to improve your visibility . I really like the Cobra light bar and this brake light device . The headlight module has n't arrived yet , so I do n't know about it yet.I live in the Detroit metro area and I believe that a biker needs all the visibility that he can get while driving in the traffic associated with large cities . You 'll never know how many drivers will `` see '' you because of these devices that would not have without them , but I believe that they are worth the cost and effort if they only prove effective once . Nothing will protect you from the complete idiots that you encounter .
 After being hit in the rear end at a traffic light on my motorcycle , I decided I must do SOMETHING to attract attention of drivers behind me . The solution ? The Back Off device is a safety MUST . It is simple to install . On my M109R I simply took off the seat , found the brake wire , cut it , and hooked up the Back Off box inline with two wire crimps and some black electrical tape . Now , when I engage my brakes the tail lights give four short flashes , one long flash , then repeats until the brake is released . After installing , I even had a lady at a traffic light pull up beside me and complain that my flashing brake lights was `` disturbing '' to her ! My answer ? `` GOOD ! `` This is a cheap safety tool that no motorcycle on the road should be without .
 I installed on a Suzuki C90T . The best place to locate a tie-in was under the main seat . Very easy to install after finding the brake wire . Mounted nicely under the seat with self adhesive tape which comes with unit . I believe this is the cheapest , easiest way to provide safety against rear end collisions . The wig-wag front head-light seems to be best to get noticed from the front , but I 'm not ready to install this yet . My next purchase will be an air horn . My horn is pitiful and dangerous . Good Luck ... I ca n't vouch for the longevity , however , it is sealed and has a 100,000 cycle listing .
 I installed on two V Stars -LRB- 2009 and 2011 -RRB- . The instructions are simple and took probably less than 20 minutes a bike . I mounted them under the seat area -LRB- side panel on one -RRB- where the wiring harness connecting the rear to the bike was located . I used a 12v power on light tester and found the brake light wire -LRB- Yellow on both my bikes -RRB- and then it was a simple solder/heat shrink and test . I did n't use crimp connectors because motorcycles vibrate so much and they are notorious for letting the wire slip out.These are very visible and the pattern is great . A must have for every motorcycle for Safety .
 This little guy is flashing an LED license plate frame plus my top box 3rd brake light in unison , adding much needed rear visibility to my Suzuki DR650 .
 I began riding a motorcycle again after an absence of 30 years . As I aged , I became far more cautious and safety minded . The flashing signal monitor works as described , and provides a far better visual alert than a steady brake light . No complaints ; very easy to install .
 This is a great safety feature . It really gets your attention , especially since you are most likely to be rear ended if you are a motorcycist who gets in an accident .
 I recently bought a bike and as I was riding and braked behind this guy in a bike and his brake light would FLASH . I 'd never seen that feature B4 and I loved it . I researched and came up to this little device . I bought it , went to my local bike shop and installed it . It was great my buddies loved it soo much they all bought one too . Great safety item .
 I put this on my 2009 Suzuki Boulevard S40 . Was easy to intall and I 'm no electrician . Works very well .
 2011 honda shadow RS -- used this purchase as and exuse to buy the service manual , which gave me the brake wire -LRB- green / yellow -RRB- . installed under seat -LRB- see pic -RRB- . I like it enough to get another -- 05 919 -- also G/Y wire
 Bought this for wife as a stocking stuffer . I 'm sure she 'll enjoy backing her team without taking up the whole window .
 Great mat for my 2003 Honda Element . I had no mats in my car when I got it used in 2005 . These work well . Thanks !
 Installed easily with clear instructions and works perfectly . Fits on top of my 2000i Yamaha Generator and looks good , too .
 Exact fit !! If you need to replace your battery/starter cable on your super duty here 's your chance . Great fit ... Just like new . Do n't bother with trying to fix your battery cable . Ends and crimper 's and solder it all adds up . Buy this direct replacement and save the headache !
 This hose is identical to the oem the fittings are perfect and the hose seems to be a bit more flexible what more can I ask for .
 I bought this clutch hose for my old 95 Ford Probe . It fits perfectly and working great . This part is rare to find and I have tried different local auto part dealers but no luck . I then tried Amazon and found it . Great price !
 item is as described , it 's quality made , so far it 's holding fine and looks like it will last for some time .
 they make a big difference to the looks of my H2lots of bang for the buck
 In 1950 , Radio Beijing announced that
 not as thick plastic as Honda OEM vent shades but good enough for 1/3 the price . these ADhere to the painted metal around the windows . NOT in-channel . some folks like this and others not . on my 93 honda accord wagon and on my 95 honda odyssey these fit and follow the contours of the door/roof lines . nice . with my 06 honda element and it 's door design there is too much ` paint ' viewable above the installed window vent shades and the roofline with its black plastic trim . this is n't as good , aesthetically , in my opinion .
 I 've use Auto Ventshade before on my other car so I know about the the workmenship.I 've not used other ventshade company 's so I ca n't say How these compare.Right out of the box and on to the car , so I would say thats a good thing !
 I recently had a set of these door visors installedon my 2009 Honda Element EX . These are installed by way of adhesive ; I 'll see how well they stand up to a Canadian winter . Fit and finish are good ! And these have already paid themselves back after we forgot to fully close a window overnight . It rained but with these visors installed , no water entered the vehicle .
 works as advertised , led lights the way . have not had my trailer lights not working , so I do n't know if the adapter shows the malfunction yet . Might as well have the led glowing one vs. the non-glowing one : -RRB-
 The product was just what I needed . I got it for my mom for Mother 's Day and she was so excited ! A great gift for any die hard Sox fan . And the seller was much less expensive than other sites .
 Not being an expert on towing equipment , this was EXACTLY what I needed to make my lighting system on my tow vehicle work to my 5th wheel ! Well pleased !
 This is the only adapter that I found that would work between my older truck and my new horse trailer . Thx
 If you are not fortunate enough to have a 7 blade port on your vehicle , then this gets you there from a 6 pin port.Connected securely and all the lights worked as they should.Strange thing in my case is that the trailer that required my to purchase this adapter did n't even have backup lights , the only thing that 7 blade provides additional over the 6 pin .
 My truck was wired with a 6 plug round and I needed the 7 plug flat to hook up a fifth wheel . They wanted $ 90 to wire a new 7 flat plug in the bed of the truck and I could n'tunderstand how to rewire from the websites so I opted for this adapter . Works as advertized . My only problem is that because of its weight and how it hangs off the bumper , it could work its way loose and come apart while driving .
 The local RV store did not carry this adapter . I found it on line . The price was GREAT , shipping was Great . When I plugged it in it worked perfectly . Great experience !!!!!!!!!!!!
 This brake pad set worked great and included 2 features found only in premium sets . -LRB- 1 -RRB- brake grease included -LRB- 2 -RRB- champhered pads .
 Not at OEM prices ! This is my 2 replacement form the same manufacture and no complaints here . Would highly recommend to someone .
 Found my tail light cracked one day . Order this replacement on Amazon . Easy to install , with simple hand tools . The wires and bulbs from the old light assembly fit right into this unit . No visual difference from my OEM light .
 This arrived just perfect . It was exactly just the way it was discribed . It fit perfectly.My truck looks new again . The tail light was damaged in the storm when two trees came down andjust caught the back of my truck .
 Perfect fit for a 2002 toyota tacoma . Exactly the same as original . Came with all the screws , washers , and press fit lock nuts needed as well .
 I have an '04 Tundra which had a factory install of a 4 wire connector . That worked fine for my old boat with its 4 wire connector . When I bought my new boat it came with surge brakes and a 5 wire connector . I then tried the dealer , the trailer supplier , and Pep Boys to try and get the 4 wire to a 5 wire changeover done . Nobody claimed to have the expertise to handle it , or they did n't want to deal with it , because of the connector module on a Toyota that went along with it.I saw this adaptor and ordered it immediately out of desperation . When I got it , I had it installed in 5 minutes flat and it works perfectly , so now I can back my boat up without the brakes locking . A very commendable product .
 Great product , easy to install and a real life saver for me . I installed an aftermarket trailer hits and trailer light wiring kit before buying my bass boat that came with a dual axle trailer . When I went to haul my boat away for the first time I was stuck in a situation where my vehicle only had 4 pins and the trailer had 5 . This meant that I could not back up the boat trailer without figuring out a way to release the trailer brakes.After a few days searching and calling every auto parts place I could find locally this was the only product that was a simple snap in solution without having to convert my vehicle to a round 7 pin adapter -LRB- a costly $ 450 option from the Jeep dealership -RRB- . The product installed in 20 min and has all the hardware you will need to convert your existing 4 ping trailer adapter to 5 pin . To install you simply remove your driver side tail light , locate the wire that goes to the reverse light -LRB- have someone in drivers seat put car in reverse while foot on brake -RRB- . Once the wire is located you use the supplied wire tap to ping # 5 . Then feed the tapped cable towards the existing 4 pin connection and you 're done . Kit does not come with any zip ties which I had plenty to secure the wire for a clean installation.Best of all if you only need 4 pins the adapter disconnects easily along with the bullet connector . Great solution to anyone who needs an inexpensive adapter from 4 pole to 5 pole trailer connections .
 This works great . My five connector trails now work with my four connector van . what more can you ask for than to work as stated .
 After spending a couple minutes Googling instructions on which wire to connect it to , I was able to very easily install this adapter , and it 's working great . Easy fix to my four post vs five post problem .
 Easy adapater to allow your boat trailer brakes to work . Easily attaches to back up light wire and simply plug into 4-wire connector on your vehicle and your set to go .
 I had purchased an after market compressor to repair A/C on my 2006 Ford Expedition . It cooled for about 6 months until it stopped working . I decided to replace with an OEM compressor and I was pleasantly surprised that the Motorcraft compressor was priced below the after market compressor . I installed and recharged the system and it works beautifully . Remember to replace the dryer/accumulator each time the compressor is replaced .
 Looks great on my truck , and matches the other interior plastic trim . It was easy to install , and the price was right .
 easy to install and looks good . blends in well with the rest of the black trim . protects door sill . nice product and nice price .
 Excellent choice for my application . Very bendable and just the right size . Would recommend this product to other users who restore old cars .
 This cable made for simple installation of the Hopkins Impulse Brake Controller on my 2002 Silverado 2500HD with tow package .
 I bought this quick connect harness for my hopkins brake controller for my truck and had this thing installed in literally less than 10 minutes . Truly the ONLY way to install one of these controllers if you have factory towing package .
 The Hopkins product was as simple as screwing in a light bulb and turning on a switch and have the result that you are looking for .
 It was as discribed and good price . No problems with using it and it was shipped when they estimated it .
 This connector was a perfect fit for my Tekonsha brake controller installation . Just plug and go . Ca n't go wrong with this product .
 I bought this to hook up a Tekonsha 90195 P3 brake controller so I had to splice the Tekonsha specific end on , but this did give me more length which was needed in my case . And the wire colors matched up , which was nice . I took one star because it did not have the wires wrapped as shown in the picture.You do have to plug one wire into the brown end depending on the year of the truck , directions are on the package .
 This harness connector worked beautifully . No more need to splice and waste time . Most trucks come with this factory connecter . Worked great with my brake controller and plugged right in . Have everything mounted and installed including zip tying the wire up in less then 3 minuets .
 This item worked as advertised . Just connect it to your truck and the brake controller , and bingo you have trailer brake controls . It worked on my older model GMC truck just fine .
 The Tokico High performance struts afford much more controlled and stable corneringand a firmer ride without being bone jaring . I used them on all 4 corners with new Eibach springswhich lowered the car about 1.5 '' in the rear and 2 '' in the front .
 I am a service manager for a local trailer dealership . These testers need to be made more -LRB- internally -RRB- sturdy This is a great tester , the big drawback is it is fragile , do n't drop it ! it breaks easily . Two other shops I have worked in had these testers for a while ... until someone dropped it ! Do n't loan it to anyone .
 The catalytic converter did not look new like the picture you see on amazon . It looked a little faded due to shelf life or something but , I did fit perfectly and my car is a lot more fuel efficient . No problems yet and I doubt that there will be because magnaflow is a great company with great products !
 this the best magnaflow universal catalytic i love it soon i buy more for other cars that i have on home
 good catalytic for the money , the only problem is louder than regular catalytic but if you do n't mind the noise , great buy my tuck sounds like a infinity fx35
 Worked great , just follow the instructions and you will be happy . Restored power and stopped overheating to my 13 year old engine . Terrific product ! Thanks !!
 Installing took some time getting used to because my tires are chunky . I purchased these chains because my local mountains requires chains even with snow tires during heavy conditions . They fit very well on my Toyo open country M/T 35x12 .50 x20 tires . I had old school link chains before which weighed a ton and was very hard to install for my 33 '' tires . Quality seems to be very high . My only negative so far would be the size of the bag is a little small so you really have to roll the chains up tight to put away , but on the other hand , the bag fits , nice and quietely behind the rear seats of my Tundra Crew max . I would recommend these z-cable style chains for if you have 35 '' tires .
 I do not drive in the snow very often at all . I have a large SUV that is not 4X4 , so I purchased these just in case on our Utah trip . I did end up needing the cable-chains . They were very simple to use . Not having to run them over in order to put them on was the greatest invention ever ! I did not rinse them off for three days after I took them off , and within that delay they got a lot of rust on them . I do n't know if that 's normal or not ?? I sprayed WD40 on them and put them away .
 I live in the White Mountains of NH , where driveways are steep and snow is plentiful . I have been struggling with plowing my 600 ' driveway with stock tires -LSB- I tow a lot and ca n't justify buying winter tires -RSB- . After sliding into a ditch , I started searching . These really looked good so I took a chance . This was the best $ 100 bucks I have ever spent . Easy on/easy off ... great traction ... so good I can back up my steep , icy driveway with the plow on the truck ! I do n't know how they would stand up to daily road use , but for what I do , these are the best !
 Have not yet needed to use them , bought them for when I do need them . I am however , very impressed with the quality of the cables . The bag they came in is durable , handy , convenient & good quality . The price was outstanding for these cables . They are low profile to ensure that they do not rub on the wheel well . Only issue I had , was attempting to purchase another set of the rubber tensioner in case one breaks . Amazon did not seem to offer more than one size , which of course was not the size I needed . Most reviews caution you to have an extra , or you could find yourself in trouble if one side breaks . So if anyone knows where to buy extra tensioners , please let me know .
 I have only used them once and they worked great . The yellow hooks fall off prior to installation so make sure you keep an eye on them -LRB- they are just plastic hooks so they will do this but not a big deal -RRB- .
 These chains worked great.It was my first time in snow conditions and my tires are pretty big -LRB- 285-65-17 -RRB- I did n't think I was gon na need them , but when I hit ICE i pulled over and put them on.Install was easy and the fit was perfect.Once I was safe at our cabin they came off really easily too.The Grip from the Super Z pattern was great !!!
 Item arrived quickly to Alaska . I 've tried these on smaller tires on a Mercedes ML500 last year and was so amazed how easy to install and the awesome traction it has in deep snow and icy road conditions!I had to order a set for my Ford 1ton diesel snow plow truck and tried them on this week , the results was amazing and easy to install on a bigger size wheel.I highly recommend this product !
 They are a perfect fit on my 2003 Beetle Turbo . They are very sturdy . Although they are relatively narrow meaning they do n't stick out much from the door .
 Just like ... described good . The only thing I did n't like that the velcro was n't sticky enough . Had to go to walmart and purchase my own velcro
 I have used this product on several of my vehicles.They do an excellent job of protecting the door sills from getting scratched up .
 I put this 8025-160 25 Red Top battery in my 2004 Jeep Rubicon eight years ago and it 's now 2013 and still starts or runs as it did the day I bought it . I lived in mild climate for the first SIX years and harsh climate the last THREE years , and I drive daily . I 'm giving four stars because in my opinion no Battery should cost over $ 120 after tax , but if the battery is taken care of you will get your Moneys Worth.I 've also owned a 2000 Chevy S10 ZR2 with an Exide Orbital -LRB- AGM -RRB- battery it ran just as Good seven years strong in mild climate with a Warn winch used two or three times a year , the key is not to run a winch for long periods of time I use seven second bursts works best for the life of the winch and battery .
 I just wanted to add another positive review that Amazon has clearly fixed the packaging issue with this battery . Mine arrived just like the one that is in the added pictures . For reference I ordered mine in Dec. 2011 . As for the product itself it is an Optima battery , this one is replacing one of the same model that made it ten years in 3 different vehicles . The decade old one even still works for most situations but I live in upstate NY and it will start the car in 30 degree weather but it failed to start the car in 15 degree weather the other day . I should also note that my car is a highly modified Mitsubishi Eclipse -LRB- forged internal motor , running ethanol , 400 + hp -RRB- that is particularly difficult to start anyway .
 I bought this as a replacement for my 2001 Mustang , it is a little narrower so it required some modification to the stock bracket . I had durability problems with the Odyssey PC680 I had been using , after 3 years it would self-discharge to < 50 % in 2 days . After 2 weeks of sitting in the driveway this battery started my car like a 1000CCA monster . If it lasts > 5 years it will definitely deserve the 5 star rating I 'm giving it now .
 Even though the battery has only been in my wife 's Jeep for only 3 weeks so far it has worked flawlessly ! The price was $ 50 lower than any local dealer and I did n't even need a core . Free delivery to my house in 2 days ! Ca n't beat it !!!
 I had a previous Optima battery for 4 + years , the only thing that killed it was an idiot dealer tech decided not to tighten a negative battery terminal & the battery still had around 440CCA of power left . I was getting close to 5 years of use so it was time to get another Optima ! If you have a battery tester such as a SOLAR BA7 compare the current CCA to the labeled CCA on the battery to see how much life you have left . If it was n't for an arching loose battery connection I probably could have went over 5 years with my previous Optima battery .
 This Optima Car Battery i just got , would definitely serve me the longest . Not priced for everyone but it absolutely defines a high level of `` Maintenance Free '' car battery . It is SPILL PROOF ! and will definitely not corrode the battery carrier of your car . Safe and very durable , a definite equipment for off road vehicles , SUV 's and the like , and pimped up vehicles as well . Get one for your car before your old battery builds up corrosion and eats up your car . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000MSBU9U Optima Batteries 8025-160 25 RedTop Starting Battery -RSB- -RRB-
 This was an outstanding battery at a great price . It was shipped with the free shipping through Amazaon , and was still here in less than a week . I am very please with the product . Thank you for offering such a great product at such an outstanding price .
 This the same as the OEM battery which comes with the FGT supercar ... the orginal last until December of 2012 ... six years is a lot to ask of a battery ...
 I started with the yellow top when I had an audio system . After 4 good years I had to replace it . This time I got the Red Top because I sold all my aftermarket audio system . One thing I do noticed right away was the Red Top was a lot lighter than the Yellow Top . The size is a little smaller also.The reason why I even use Optima Battery was because it was corrosion free . I was getting sick of cleaning and seeing all the corrosion build up from those regular lead acid battery . Paying an extra $ 60 premium for an Optima battery has been worth it .
 i hate how i had to take the top off to boost the battery up inorder to fit in the battery tray . i wish it wasthe regular size because arranging it to make it fit was a pain in the neck . otherwise , great powerful battery , didnt even charge beforehand as my existing battery was completely drained .
 I have optimas in all my cars and never had a problem with any of them . I have four vehicles and some sit over the winter and the optima always fires them up with no drain on the battery .
 I bought this having been told my battery was about to go kaput . Well , it didnt go bad and rather than have the battery sit until who knows when , I replaced my old battery . It had sat in the box on the floor for about 3 or 4 months ... and my car fired right up . So now the only question is how long will it work ... if it goes bad I will come back and edit this . I installed this about a month ago so we will see . Had no problem with packing as it came in super duty box ... within another box . I will be surprised if it outlasts my other battery which was original to my car that we bought in 2006 ... so if it last 6 years I wont know about it ... but it should last a couple more at a minimum .
 It 's an Optima ! What more can be said ? They make a great battery and this one is no exception!I use this is in my boat with no issues .
 The battery died on my Scion tC and I went straight to Amazon to find a new one . I have had an optima Red-Top in my Prelude for about 6 years now and it still runs strong -LRB- Worth it for just the winter starts alone -RRB- , so I naturally went for the same battery this time . As far as the battery is concerned : ... Works great right out of the box ... Battery was charged enough from the factory to get the car started right out of the box ... Size and weight are very close to the OEM tC battery , It fit right in place with no mods . -LRB- Also , I do agree with the previous poster who said the terminal protector case would serve great as a booster to pick the battery up an inch or two . It 's just a square piece of plastic -RRB- As far as the shipping and packing by Amazon is concerned : ... First , I 'll admit , I was concerned about the shipping based on what I read in the other reviews , but I know Amazon is on top of most problems pretty quickly and I was hoping they had addressed the packing issue by now . So I went ahead and ordered ... Well , as soon as I opened it up , It was obvious they fixed the packing problem . It was packed VERY well . You can see in the pictures that the used chunks of cardboard pieces sandwiched between an inner and outer layer on all four sides . No cheap popcorn or anything ... The battery arrived with no dents or scratches ... Never doubt Amazon , my son.All and all ... a great buy !
 I have owned several Optima Red and Yellow top batteries , and these are about as good as it gets . To get any better , you 'd have to spend twice as much money.This was my first Optima battery purchase from Amazon . Order processing and shipping was first rate -LRB- as usual -RRB- . The ` doorstep ' price -LRB- with free super saver shipping -RRB- was better than any I found online or at a local retailer - and I spent a lot of time researching my purchase beforehand.Changing a car battery usually only takes a few minutes and a few wrenches or sockets , and I 'm sure that as long as you choose the right size battery for your car it will work well . The application guide on the item page accurately included my vehicle.I have to say that I had a little problem with my shipment arriving damaged , but Amazon stepped right up to the plate and hit a home run with their first-rate customer service . I was initially hesitant to purchase this because of the ` no returns on hazardous stuff ' disclaimer , but rest assured that Amazon stands behind its products . And after my experience , I would strongly recommend Amazon for a car battery purchase .
 I did n't realize what a straightforward way this was to get a battery for my Jeep Liberty . I was looking for a replacement for the original 5 year old battery and was pleased to find at the Optima Batteries web site they had one that fit my 2002 Jeep Liberty . I quickly found the battery on Amazon.com at a great price . The battery went right in my Jeep with a simple socket wrench . My local recycling guide pointed to somewhere to take the old one . The extra starting power is great .
 battery lighter than anticipated , when compared to OEM model . great starting power . smaller than anticipated .
 This is my second Optima . The first is going on fifteen years old and has lived in three different vehicles . No acid leaks , long term storage is second to none and it seems to last indefinitely . Well worth the extra cost .
 I was skeptical about about ordering a car battery online because of previous reviews posted on amazon . But i have to say , the packaging was awesome and the shipping was super fast . The battery was covered with two pieces of high quality packaging foamed that are individually wrapped in plastic . I ordered the battery with the super saver shipping option , and received it to San Diego in 3 business days . The battery was in perfect , brand new condition , and fit my 2006 scion tc with no problems , with the cover used as a tray , AND room to spare ! No review on the durability/longevity of the battery yet , but i will definitely post if anything goes wrong . Thanks Amazon !
 Hands Down The Best Of It 's Type ! There are two other good brands , and if they make one that fits your application you might want to consider one . But so far Optima has spent the last two decades slowly growing and supporting more sizes/applications than every before . I have 14 of these which I started buying ten years ago and ALL of them still work well . On average they have 40 % more CCA 's than standard batteries and last 3x longer . If you use them in abusive situations they difference is even more pronounced . Keep in mind they do n't output any toxic or explosive gasses , so those of you running battery boxes . . this means one less hold to drill in your car.There are three tops , Red , Yellow and Blue . It 's easy to remember when to use which one . Blue is for deep cycle marine applications and should be used in all marine applications . Yellow is for ANY car where you 've installed a powerful stereo , field radio , or other power draining appliance you 'll regularly using without the engine running . Red is for all other applications best described as normal replacement or applications .
 Price is $ 50 less than local Sam 's Club . Breeze installation and so far so good . Will update as time goes .
 This battery is a great battery . It arrived fully charged . It was n't as heavy as the OE battery . I am able to play my radio with an amp while I wash my car without discharging this battery and the car isnt even running . This should be a great battery . The sustained power is already proof of it !!!
 This is a good quality battery that comes with a good protective cover , is leak proof , and when I tested the voltage out of the box with my voltameter it was fully charged generating 12.5 x volts of electrical pressure . Powered an Inverter I hooked up to it right away without issue .
 I think Amazon does a great job overall . Pricing is better and products are packaged well . Shipping was free so I saved shipping , on tax , and price discount . This battery was NOT damaged when I got it . It came 75 % charged and I placed it on my charger for the extra 25 % . I had one before this that lasted at least 4 years and I 'm expecting that from this battery too . If something goes bad down the road of time , I will comment how long it took to sour on me . If you have extra accessories , get the yellow top for more lasting power . The Optima site will explain more on color and power . For charging purposes , use AGM on your charger .
 The battery arrived fast and in excellent condition , as usual for Amazon ! The fitment chart produced a battery that fit perfectly . This battery has incredible cranking strength ! I bought it for my old -LRB- 1977 -RRB- Jeep that is a bear to start on cool mornings . My Optima does n't give up or slow down and always starts my Jeep . All my replacement battery purchases will be Optima in the future .
 Amazon has the best price for this battery i checked everywhere . Works great so far . I had some problems with my car remote and after I changed battery in the car I do n't have problems any more I do n't know if the old battery was the problem but it seems to be cured now . One thing about this battery its clean and liquid acid free so you do n't get any acid on your cloths when working on your car .
 This is an awesome battery . The only negative is the install into my 2006 Hummer H3 was a bit tricky because it sits weird in the battery box . Its not level and does n't look right , but after pulling it out and trying to install it many different ways thats the only way it fits in the battery box . Definitely worth the money .
 I put this battery in my 1967 rs Camaro when i hit the starter . . it turn that 350 over so fast.i thought the motor was going to jump out of the car . . lol . . love this battery . . This is a show car . . and it makes it look good under the hood ... I did not find no problem with the battery . . It was fully charged right out of the boxgood product . . i will give it a big 5 stars ...
 Great battery , only a bit more expensive and comes with a lot more cold cranking amps . Would recommend for someone in colder weather like me .
 This battery has worked great . Installed it in a '95 NISSAN Pathfinder 4WD and it went straight to work . Daily driven vehicle . Provides really vigorous starts compared to conventional battery . Headlight show brighter , just all and all good functioning battery . 26 -LRB- f -RRB- degree mornings and it fires right up . Will buy another Optima for my other NISSAN products . Let 's face it ; wal-mart battery costs $ 100 ; Die Hard costs $ 200 ; take the chance and buy this bad boy . Better than both of them .
 It arrived very promptly , totally undamaged in a factory Optima box and very well packed . It 's just what I wanted and it 's working just fine in my standby generator -LRB- but it 's only been in service for 2 weeks -RRB- .
 I contacted Amazon concerning a replacement for the Optima RedTop Battery I had purchased approximately 2 years , 8 months ago . This was due to my present battery no longer functioning due to a dead cell . I was sent a new Optima RedTop Battery , at no cost , and it meets and actually exceeds my expectations . This is a really great battery and should it develope problems in the future , I know I can contact Amazon Customer Service and receive an immediate resolution to the problem . Thank You Amazon .
 I am pleased with the quality of Optima products including this one . I have 3 vehicles with Optima batteries and have never had any problems with them ! I do n't put a lot of miles on my vehicles but I have kept them for many years and many seasons . As with any battery , time and changes in temperature are also factors in the life span . I also like that Optima also includes adapter pieces to make sure the battery fits and mounts properly in your vehicle 's battery box .
 Arrived , installed , droveno issues , packaging was good and rigid.looked goodtested good , quality battery installed in a 86 Toyota 4runner with 389k aka the juggernautstill running good !
 First of all amazon is the only shopping site for me They ship fast and accurately only once had a problem but was handled quick battery came pack tight in cardboard and box no leaks or dings crank vehicle over fast highpower stereo system and 12v led lights battery and alt hangs at 13.9 v excellent thanks amazon customer for life
 I bought this battery for my Nissan 240SX , it 's slightly smaller all around than the OEM battery was but the battery included a spacer that clips onto the bottom so that the tie-down still holds it snug . The posts line up properly and overall this is a really nice looking battery , much better looking than the battery I had in there before.Shipping was quicker than I expected and it was packed really well too . I have n't used the battery all that much yet but so far I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 This is exactly what I wanted , and it fits my 2009 honda civic perfectly ! The price was also very reasonable compared to many other dashmat retailers ... some wanted as much as $ 70 , but I paid $ 36 for mine from amazon , and I am very pleased with it . The quality is great too , although it did take awhile to get here -LRB- about 2 weeks -RRB- , I am very pleased with it , and would order another one in the future .
 This dash cover is really an excellent value for the low price . But if you 're picky about the color matching the interior of your vehicle perfectly ... or if you want a precision fit and finish ... then you could be a little disappointed . I bought a caramel colored model for a 2006 Honda Civic Hybrid , and the DashMat color does n't match -LRB- or even compliment -RRB- any of the browns or tans in the vehicle . But it 's tolerable and quite usable . The fit is n't perfect either , but quite good . The quality of the materials and construction are fine .
 This is the same Ford compressor that came on the car when it was purchased new . This is not a copy or an imitation . You can buy this same compressor from your Ford dealer for more than twice the price you will pay here . Comes precharged with the correct amount of oil . It is complete and ready to bolt in .
 First compressor damaged in shipment , Return to Amazon was a breeze , Replacement was sent the same day I sent first one back.Replacement was perfectly packaged , and arrived with all o-rings , oil , & instructions . Blows cold air with no problem .
 I recently purchased this Hoppy Easylift torsion bar for my 1997 Ford F-150 . It has exceeded every expectation i had of the product . Anyone with a ford truck knows how heavy the tailgates are . This product took 5 minutes to install ... literaly ! Just drill 2 holes and install the bar . This is an exceptional product and i would recomend it to anyone with a heavy stock tailgate . This torsion bar literaly decreases the tailgate lift weight so that you can close your tailgate with 2 fingers as the product claims.Dont Hesitate to buy this product it is awsome!Thanks Hoppy for your fantastic invention.JeffStanton , CA
 I purchased this item because I saw it installed on a friends truck . The purchase was no problems and arrived on time . Installation is much easier if you have 3 people -LRB- 2 is a must -RRB- . The installation process is fairly straight forward ... be careful to get the bar set to exactly the correct spots -LRB- marked on the bar with white/red paint dots -RRB- . In my case the hole in the tailgate bottom was about 1/16 '' off and had to be drilled out a bit more in order to get the tailgate back on the posts . Other than that it went smooth and I am very happy with the results . I installed on a 2007 GMC Sierra Classic with a 6 ' bed .
 This definitely works as advertised . Installed it on my 07.5 Dodge Ram 3500 . It is really easy to install but it sure helps to have a couple of assistants to manhandle the tailgate . Not sure about other trucks but my Ram 's tailgate is heavy !
 This is absolutely a wonderful product , I bought it for our 2005 Dodge Ram which has one of the heaviest tailgates ever . It made a world of difference in opening and closing of the tailgate , like it says you can open and shut with a couple of fingers not with your whole body like I was having to do . My husband is also amazed . Thank You !!!
 First I like to say that the delivery was fast , 3 days from when I placed the order . This is a must for anyone that has a pick-up truck . I bought mine from Summit Racing for $ 29 plus shipping , and it 's the exact same one here , but for less . I bought it as a gift for a friend 's truck , he loves it as much as I love mine . I 've had mine for over 8 years now , still working great . The installation was easy , just line up the marks for your year truck , and drill the two holes , that 's it . But have a freind help put the tailgate on for the last time you ever have to take it off . It 's a must for your truck . Enjoy
 Simple , straightforward design.Installation is challenging due to weight of tailgate , but instructions are excellent.Takes two husky people to horse the tailgate around.Online video helps understand process.The Easylift tailgate does exactly what is advertised , and does it quite well .
 The EZLift did n't make the tailgate on my '06 Tundra quite as easy to lower and raise as the advertising implied but it improved it a lot and was worth the price .
 I am a very meticulous person , especially when I am asked to drill holes in my truck , a 1995 , 3/4 ton , full-sized Dodge Ram . It took me about half an hour to install this EasyLift . The next one will take about ten minutes.For my installation , I studied the installation instructions carefully to be sure that I not only understood how to install it , but also understood how the EasyLift operates.I also viewed the video on YouTube that shows how to install the EasyLift . Search for `` Hoppy EasyLift '' and you should find it . The video is called `` Hoppy Tailgate EasyLift Review '' . The instructions state that two people are required to install the EasyLift . You can do it with two , but I found that three are better . I needed the most help at the final stage when I installed the tailgate and needed to maneuver the EasyLift into the hole in the tailgate.You must be very careful to drill the holes in the correct locations . My tailgate installs by placing the left-side tailgate hinge pocket over the corresponding hinge point on the truck . Then you tilt the tailgate and slide the right-side tailgate hinge pocket over the truck 's right side hinge point . To do this you must be able to slide the tailgate to the left far enough to allow the tailgate 's right side to clear the truck . If the hole in the tailgate is drilled too far to the left , you will not easily be able to slide the tailgate to the left far enough to gain the required clearance . I had this problem , but a strong push while my two helpers supported the tailgate got it installed.There was some slight distortion around the holes as the EasyLift rod tends to twist the holes slightly , but other than this there was no damage to the truck at all.Once installed , the EasyLift performed as advertised . It makes the tailgate MUCH easier to lift ; my two helpers were both amazed . It also prevents the tailgate from dropping so forcefully when it is opened . This means that if your tailgate support cables are worn , rusty , or otherwise weakened , they are less likely to break when you open the tailgate.As a previous reviewer mentioned , once the EasyLift is installed , two people will be required to remove or replace the tailgate.The combination of a reasonable price and a large , lasting benefit make this product an easy `` buy '' decision . I will be getting two more of these , one for my newer Dodge and one for my son-in-law 's truck .
 When I was shopping for Toyota Tundra pickup , the salesman showed me a 2007 with the easy lift tailgate feature . I wound up buying a 2006 for other reasons . The other day after I had hurt my wrist I was thinking I should get a new truck with the easy lift tailgate . I found Hopkins tailgate Easylift , I ordered it and installed it . It was an easy install . I got my easylift tailgate for ~ $ 30 instead of $ 30,000 , that is a deal .
 I found the EASYLIFT a very exceptional value . It does exactly what they say it does . However make sure you follow the instructions carefully . When it says install the tailgate to the line on the EASYLIFT make sure you are on the line . And be sure you have someone to help with lifting the tailgate . It made my tailgate very easy to handle . Very satisfied .
 Fit my 2008 Dodge Ram 1500 very nicely . Installation was straight forward . The template was accurate and easy to use . * Read ALL the directions First * and you will need a helper . Be aware , when you insert the rod and rotate it into position it may deform the holes slightly , no harm , just feels weird , you will soon forget about the puckers , and they are not visible . I have had none of the problems with denting or breakage that I read about on other internet reviews . The lifting force was greatly reduced . Easily one handed . My wife and young child have no trouble lifting the gate with one hand . I paired the easylift with another manufacture 's gas strut tailgate controller that I had used for years previously , with good results . The lowering action is a bit slow with that combination , but is quite safe and controlled . If the two manufacturers would coordinate , they could fine tune their products to work in combination and have a great package , Easy lifting and safe controlled -LRB- faster -RRB- easy lowering . I suspect the controlled lowering action may also prevent some of the breakage problems I have read about . You 'll need a felt tip marker , a metal center punch , a 3/8 '' metal drill bit , * and a helper * , also some patience . Aligning the holes , rods , tailgate , and tailgate pivots , earth , sun and stars , takes some slow deliberate movements . The internet instructional videos that are out there make it look way too easy , but never fear it is not hard just be patient . Having a second helper to act as a spotter really helped .
 Easylift is one product that performs as described . Even big , strong guys will need help to install the gate . It would be next to impossible to do it without an assistant.While it 's touted as a theft deterrent , there is nothing to prevent someone from trying to steal the gate , finding out they ca n't get it off and then just dropping it , causing damage to both gate and truck . I 've had a stainless steel hose clamp around the slotted pivot point -LRB- right hand side on my F150 -RRB- for years to make it a bit more difficult for thieves . Of course , the Ford also has a lockable gate , but it hardly ever gets locked .
 My tailgate was so heavy I was afraid to let the grand kids open it for fear they would get hurt . After installing the Hopkins EASYLIFT i can close it with two fingers and the kids have no problem either ... even the five year old . I hope that the spring does not wear out too soon . I really recommend this to anyone who has a truck with a tailgate that is hard for them to lift . And the price could NOT be beat .
 I HAVE A RAM 2500 AND THE TAILGATE WAS A BEAR . WITH THIS GIZMO , A DRILL . A BUDDY AND 10 MINUTES , I 'M CLOSING MY TAILGATE WITH 2 FINGERS .
 Installing this Easylift could not be much easier . Although it does take two people to install , the reward for 1/2 hour of labor is great . I have a 1/2 Dodge pickup this works great . I measured the force to lift the tailgate with the Easylift installed and it was just about 4 lbs . The only complaint I have is how Amazon shipped the Easylift . They did not overbox the spring they just slapped an UPS shipping label on the cardboard template that wraps around the spring . When I received the package only 1 of the 4 zip ties holding the spring to the template had not completely pulled through the cardboard .
 i installed this easylist on my 08 silverado for my wife , but i love it too , i can close my tailgate with one hand and the other hand full .
 Purchased 3 for the family pickups . Now everyone can open and close the tailgates , while using one hand instead of two . Makes the tailgate light as a feather , almost ! Best deal found on Amazon.com . Thanks , MLM
 excellent product , everyone that checks mine out wants one . . Thanks Glen in AL. . BUY FM . AMAZON THEY ARE FAST AND THEY HAVE THE BEST PRICE IN TOWN AND OUT OF TOWN
 This item just plain works . I was really surprised how light the tailgate on my Silverado felt after installation . I was expecting it to be easier to lift but now it feels like it only weighs a couple pounds . Easy to install with two people .
 Great item to make your heavy tailgate light as a feather.I installed in minutes . I bought four more to sell to my friends .
 a simple , yet very effective way to take some of that weight off the tailgate . installs in about 45 minutes , if you take time and follow the instructions , which are by the way very good and detailed . once installed , you do n't even no its there . very discrete design . money well spent .
 I would highly recommend this item . It makes lifting the heavy tailgate on my 2005 Silverado 2500HD a snap . As others have said , mark your holes carefully , and make sure you insert the torsion rod exactly as instructed - especially on the `` B '' end that goes into the tailgate . During my installation , I initially thought I 'd mis-drilled the `` B '' hole -LRB- or that the template was wrong -RRB- , then I realized the rod just was not inserted fully as instructed.BUT ... . when I received the unit from UPS , the packaging was merely flimzy cardboard packaging one sees on a display at a retailer ; certainly not suitable for UPS shipping . The cardboard was nearly torn in half , 3 of the 4 zip ties that held the torsion rod to the package were broken/missing ; the all important drilling template was completed torn in half , requiring me to piece it back together with clear tape in order to use it . COME ON , AMAZON . MAKE SURE YOUR PRODUCT PARTNERS DO A BETTER JOB A PREPARING THEIR PRODUCT FOR SHIPPING !
 We previously had a `` shock absorber '' type tailgate damper . It was fine until it broke 3 months after purchase . We bought this and like it better because it also assists in lifting the heavy tailgate of the pickup . Installation was not difficult -LRB- our son did it easily -RRB- and it works great .
 Took about 30 mins to install . Works great . The template was slightly off . Used a little eye ball adjustment . Thank goodness , probably would have had an issue if drilled exactly to template .
 I looked at some of the more expensive choices and decided to go with the this one because of the reviews . Some people mentioned the challenge of the install . Now I 'm the strongest man at 44yrs but I 'm fit if you need a hand it would make it easier . I found it very easy to do all by myself . It only took me 5 minutes to install . I used the bed of the truck -LRB- use something between bed and tailgate -RRB- on a 90 degree angle to line up the hole on the tailgate . The trickiest part is when you have to rotate the tailgate to a 10 o'clock 4 o'clock angle to get the rod to the right placement . The instruction short and simple . Follow Them ! It only takes 2 fingers to close . On the lowering it only slows it a little but feels very light if you lower by hand .
 WowWe bought two , my neighbor and I he has a Toyota Tundra and I have a Doge RAM 2500 . Easy to install , works fantastic . Highly recommend it .
 Very good and easy to use once it is installed . Make sure you have at least 2 people to help when it comes time to install .
 I received one of these for my birthday . A buddy of mine and I installed it in around 15-20 minutes . Installation isnt a breeze but it wasnt too bad either . Drill two holes , then insert the metal rod in the side of the truck and the tailgate . It was a bit of a challenge and we ended up installing the tailgate end first and then the rod into the side of the truck second . . once in , the thing really works and works well . You can let the tailgate fall and it kind of bounces a bit . No more huge clunk if you let the tailgate slip out of your hand . A small child is now capable of opening and closing the tailgate of my 2002 Ford Lightning . I highly recommend it . One of the best bang for you buck mods ever.Dana
 The product worked well after I deciphered some of the instructions -LRB- pictures -RRB- for assembly . It was a two-man job but went smoothly and took no more than thirty minutes .
 Works perfectly and it was easy to install . I like the fast delivery because I had injured my back and needed the easy lift so I could close my tailgate on my 06 Dodge truck . .
 If you own a pick-up with a heavy tail gate this item is for you . It is easy to install although it requires 2 people . Makes it very easy to lift your tailgate
 That 's my Tailgate and truck talking to the EASYLIFT.Yes , it takes a little work to get it on , but WOW ! I 've had my Ford F250 for 13 years now and ca n't believe I struggled with my super heavy tailgate the whole time without every thinking there was a solution and breaking my back and wrists everytime I raised or lowered my tailgate.I have to admit , this is n't the first product I found . There was another one that had a piston that you attach to the side of your truck , but I did n't install it because it simply helped with lowering the tailgate.THIS PRODUCT HELPS LOWER *** AND **** RAISE YOUR TAILGATE ! Other products only help lower !
 When I decided to order the Easylift I was concerned as to whether or not it would fit my VW Amarok pickup . I received the product in two weeks -LRB- I live in Jamaica -RRB- . T tested the installation template against my Amarok and quickly realized that the template would not help much for the VW pickup . I used the markings on the spring to guide and drill the two holes to fit . I replace the tailgate and WOW , IT WORKS PERFECTLY , I am totally satisfied . Hopkins , please add the VW Amarok to the line of pickups for this product , and include a template for that truck .
 I Bought this a long time ago . It has survived an accident where the tailgate had to be replaced and it still works great . For a simple as this thing is to install and for how well it works I do n't know why they are n't installed at the factory . You can easily lift and lower the tailgate with one hand now . F-350 Super Duty .
 Got this as a gift -LRB- one for which I asked -RRB- hoping to make my '97 F150 tailgate a little lighter . Guess what ? It freaking WORKS !! It feels lighter than the tailgate on my dad 's 2012 F150.The install had me worried ahead of time , but it 's really a common sense install .
 this makes closing your tail gate very easy , makes it easy enough to lift the heaviest tailgates with one finger put one on my f-250 works great
 I purchased two of these about 4 years ago , one for my Dodge Ram and one for my son 's Ram . They were very easy to install using the instructions provided , took about 1 hour to do both trucks . these have been in service for 4 years with no issues . They really do work as advertized , even a small child can open and close the tailgate after you install one of these .
 What a difference ! I can now open my tailgate with ease , no more putting everything down while I struggle to lift the tailgate .
 I rarely provide feedback , but this is the best $ $ $ I have spent on my truck , hands down . Easy to install , works as advertised . I smile every time I lift my tailgate with ease .
 04 ' ram . bit of a pain to install , but absolutely worth it . took under an hour to put in .
 You will be amazed with this product !! My sons and I have them on all three pickups and the tailgates open and close with just two fingers . My wife is finally able to close the tailgate with no effort at all !!
 Install instructions were easy to follow.Have a helper ready when time to reinstall tail gate.Didn ' t know such a simple item could make life so much easier.Best vehicle accessory I 've purchased in a long time .
 Very simple to install , but will require a second person to help with the tailgate . This is my second `` EasyLift '' , as the first one broke . Really reduces the weight of the tailgate . I can close my very heavy -LRB- Ford F150 -RRB- tailgate with one finger .
 This product does everything that it says it does . I wish that I would have had one 40 years ago , money well spent . One finger operation . It does take 2 people to install , Hopkins EASYLIFT Tailgate Easyliftunless you are an acrobat .
 EasyLift does exactly as advertised . It is a simple out of the way solution to heavy tailgates . It makes opening and closing with one hand easy . The only drawback that I see is it makes removing and installing a tailgate a two person job .
 Quick shipment , easy to install , great deal for the price . I can open and close my tailgate now with very little effort .
 Not only was this a cinch to install -LRB- just read the instructions a few times before you attempt ! -RRB- , but this is the coolest and best thing that I 've done to &#34; Scarlett &#34; since I bought her ! I can literally open and close the tailgate with one finger ! And the best thing , is that my wife and kids can now open and close it as well ! Nice work Hopkins !
 item was easy to install and works great . tailgate lifts with one finger . i was able to install by my self .
 I was very excited to get the EASYLIFT system installed on my 2001 F350 Crew Cab . The reviews are awesome , the idea is awesome , and the price was right!I must say the the install is not quite as easy as stated -LRB- in my experience -RRB- . I felt very uncomfortable drilling holes , and the instructions , although clear where to put the holes , do n't tell you that the metal on your truck WILL BEND once the easy lift is installed . This bothered me enough to knock off 1 star . The functionality is great , and it really does make the tailgate super light , but I did n't like the bending of metal.Would I recommend to a friend ? Yes
 Had a heart attack . . have been having a hard time lifting my tail gate on a full size Dodge truck . . With this product . . No Problem . . Two fingers is all you need ... A + + + + +
 This item really does work . However , it 's a little scary to see how it works . It 's basically a torsion bar . You open the tailgate , and the torsion helps you raise it up . I have heard a few people say it broke , and that could be super dangerous . You ca n't bend it with your hands , so there is a LOT of tension on it when it 's open . It was easy to drill the holes and such , but pretty hard with two people to get the bar in the right place and to get the tailgate on . It took about 20 tries and lots of sweat until it finally sat right . I found a little way of raising the tailgate to get it to fit right . They should have put it on the other side , as it would have been easier to get the tailgate on . You will see exactly what I mean when you get your on . I can tell you that you will have to drill holes in your truck , but inside the tailgate area . Not visible when shut . However , the holes do bend a little because of the torsion . It 's not super pretty , but it is a tailgate and it is a truck . It 's worth it not to have to lift that crazy heavy tailgate ! I say get it , and you will like it .
 it was a very quick delivery , a great price . . it took three of us to fit main problem was the tailgate on the dodge ram is very heavy , but it took about 5 mins from start to finish . no problems and it works a treat it 's a one finger operation now .
 This was about the best 18.00 I have ever spent . My truck tailgate is pretty heavy . Now I can lower and lift the tailgate with two fingers . I recomend it very highly ...
 This is an excellent product to eliminate the problem of dropping the extremely heavy tailgate for my Avalanche . The only negative is that it makes the tailgate more difficult to remove .
 PURCHASED EASYLIFT ONLY HOPING IT WOULD HELP ME TO LIFT MY HEAVY TAILGATE.WAS I EVER SUPRISED !! I CANT BELIEVE HOW WELL THIS PRODUCT WORKS.I CAN NOW OPEN AND CLOSE MY TAILGATE WITH ONE HAND . MY WIFE CAN ALSO OPERATE THE GATE WITHOUT ANY HELP.GREAT PRODUCT.WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYONE.ALSO BE SURE TO HAVE HELP INSTALLING . HARRY
 This is my second easylift . The first I installed on a Ford F350 and this one on a Chevy 3500 . The easylift comes with a template that makes installation easy . It does require two people to lift and position the tailgate , I used my wife for both . The easy lift makes closing the tailgate a snap , easily done with one hand . This is really a handy product . I wonder why it took this long for someone to come up with the idea .
 This item is very useful for heavy tailgates and was very easy to install . Check to make sure that it will work for your truck . I used it on an 1970 F250 and it works OK but their was not quite enough space for unit between the tailgate and the truck .
 Works great on my 2005 Alvalanche . The instructions are a bit confusing for the `` not so mechanically minded '' , so study them carefully , and you really do need some help when removing and installing your tailgate .
 This is exactly what I wanted , and it fits my 2009 honda civic perfectly ! The price was also very reasonable compared to many other dashmat retailers ... some wanted as much as $ 70 , but I paid $ 36 for mine from amazon , and I am very pleased with it . The quality is great too , although it did take awhile to get here -LRB- about 2 weeks -RRB- , I am very pleased with it , and would order another one in the future .
 This dash cover is really an excellent value for the low price . But if you 're picky about the color matching the interior of your vehicle perfectly ... or if you want a precision fit and finish ... then you could be a little disappointed . I bought a caramel colored model for a 2006 Honda Civic Hybrid , and the DashMat color does n't match -LRB- or even compliment -RRB- any of the browns or tans in the vehicle . But it 's tolerable and quite usable . The fit is n't perfect either , but quite good . The quality of the materials and construction are fine .
 This is a high quality license plate . The emblem is raised . I actually use it on my car and it does n't show any wear after over a year of being proudly displayed .
 I did not run a baseline on the dyno with this to verify any gains in performance.All I can say is that it replaces the stock filer with nothing else needed.The bike will compensate for the filter after it is installed and the bike is started.The fuel injection of the bike will adjust for the filter by itself as you ride.I have noticed better fuel economy and low end pickup .
 Fit the bike no problem , will save a lot of money in the future compared to buying OEM replacements every 12K .
 The filter took a little longer than I expected to get delivered -LRB- xtra 3 days cause of a shipping glitch -RRB- but was A + quality . I 've put K&N filters in my Harleys and never noticed much difference in performance . In the ST however , it was a different story . After getting the bike back from it 's regular PM service - I immediately noticed it is WAY MORE RESPONSIVE and quicker than it was before from a stop . I thought the HP and performance gain claims were BS based on my experience with my previous Harleys - I 'm now a believer - at least with this type of a bike . Definately made a difference and I would highly recommend it for this application .
 Great air filter ! I have been getting these air filters for years . It is the last one you will ever have to buy . You can clean it , re-oil it , and use again for the life of the vehicle . The vehicle breathes better also . Highly recommend .
 I have heard about these filter forever . I guess everyone is familiar with their claims , better gas mileage , more power , reusable , thinner thighs . All I can say is it fits , it looks good and the motorcycle for which it was bought is n't complaining about it.If I notice anything else over the next few months , I 'll edit this report . That said , I do n't push the bike to its limits and do n't pay much attention to gas mileage . I have several friends who swear to it and , frankly , they are the picky kind of people who pay attention to that kind of thing .
 Looks sturdy , not cheap . Very satisfaction with the brand . I used it couple of times without any problems . I would recommend this product .
 Many 1st Gen s10 blazer owners have stripped caliper guide bolts . This is the kit to fix your problem . Oversized bolts do n't work , do n't waste your time . Buy this kit and do it right.Mine was a 94 s10 blazer .
 Not much to say - It works great - looks good - It 's not High End Pro Level stuff but for what I need it is just fine !
 I was not able to find Rally Liquid car wax in any stores lately . I have used it for so many years . I was glad to be able to still buy in on line . One bottle came cracked in shipping , but I 'll use that one first .
 This jacket is great . I kind of regret getting the white one because it will get dirty faster than the black or blue , but the jacket is very good . I am a Florida driver and when you take the inside liner out and open the vents you can stay fairly cool knowing that you have titanium and top quality elbow pads as protection . The inside liner can keep you very warm , but do n't be mistaken , this is n't a winter jacket . Great buy . The white is really nice , I am just worried about going through a patch of bugs . So far it has been a month and is perfectly clean , but I will see later when the bugs come out . The look is a little ... hmmm ... muscular ? if that makes sense . Sometimes I feel like I am wearing a fake muscle suit , but if that doesnt bother you , I would strongly recommend the jacket .
 Installed on a 2002 Hyundai Accent 2dr . Product looks and works great . With the heat in the 90 's I can leave the windows open alittle to vent the inside so I wo n't bake when I get in .
 The combo satelite was easy to install . I removed the original antenna and used the same hole in the roof . It works great .
 I installed this sun roof in my golf cart . It took me 3 hours to install . I used a drill , saber saw , masking tape and screw driver for the installation . I was impressed with the trim items , this made it look like a factory installed sun roof .
 I ordered this item and after receipt , discovered that I had measured the opening in error . I followed the directions clearly printed on the receipt and received an immediate authorization for a return . No hesitation , no double talk , excellent customer service . This is one place you can count on to deliver as advertised .
 This review is based on three aspects of this product
 Excellent at removing small scratches from auto finish without damaging the paint . I have used this for years and found nothing better .
 As the adage says it hard to find on of these nowadays . I am greatful for this manual because it will help mme keep my 1994 Bucik Century 4 cylinnder engine on the road .
 I have used this connector on two tow vehicles , and I am very happy with both . The 4 pin connector adds versatility without the need to buy a 7 to 4 pin adapter . The plastic housing prevents the common problem of the steel connectors , where rust forms inside and eventually shorts out the pins.I do suggest that you install the connector so that the opening faces slightly down , to let moisture drain out , and also seal the wire opening with silicone sealant.I gave the connector 5 stars because I feel the connector is the best on the market if you need a standard 7 pin RV type hookup . I bought mine at NAPA . -LSB- ... -RSB- JD
 I was not willing to spend the $ 700 for Toyota to put the towing kit on my vehicle so I picked up the Hopkins adapter and a towing kit off ebay for under $ 200 . Installed all in under an hour , works well with my camper !
 Easy to install , setup , wire up and use . Its nice to have one connection point and be able to plug pin what ever kind of trailer you might want to tow . It works great with my camper , snow mobile trailer , ATV trailer and my old beater gravel , dirt and construction material trailer.Installation
 I too fell victim to the `` suggested '' mounting bracket . I did n't read any of the reviews since I knew I wanted Hopkins products for my tow vehicle . This kit already includes the bracket with it . I too wo n't be returning the > $ 5 bracket since shipping alone will be about that much , but that is not Hoppy 's fault . This is a slam dunk for trailer hookup . No more need to carry the 7 pole to 4 flat adapter -LRB- greasy item rolling around in glove box -RRB- . The holes in the included mounting bracket matched up perfectly to the pre-drilled holes in the Reese hitch I purchased at the same time . This along with the Hopkins/Hoppy t-connector trailer wiring kit just reached to allow me to make all of my connections without any extra splicing . Pack the 4-flat connectors with contact grease and zip-tie the two connectors together . Wiring does n't get any easier .
 I have two of these , one new and the other six years old . The old one still works great . The design does not appear to have changed in that time . After many years of use my only issue with it is the cover for the four pin connector . The cover is made flexible polymer that eventually rots and cracks . You should get at least five years out of the cover with continuous out door exposure.I did not notice another review 's comments that the bracket is included . It should be noted in the ad . I also purchased one from a local store prior to receiving the shipment .
 I purchased this adapter -LRB- 47185 -RRB- at Walmart . It is ruggedly consructed and easy to install and works great . The real reason for my review is to commend the customer service at Hopkins Mfg. Some how I misplaced the mounting bracket that came with the adapter when I was working on the wiring and drilling mounting holes . I called Hopkins to buy another bracket ... they said they will send me one for free , and 36 hours later it was at my door ! Thanks Hopkins .
 This is nice to have , so you can pull the other trailers also , and hook up the brakes too and be mounted up also , and a price I could not pass up , I had bought one before this one and took it back to Wal-mart ... saved me over ten dollars
 Installed in a matter of a couple of minutes . Fitment is perfect and really like the option of haing both flat 4 and 7pin in one unit . I 'm happy with it .
 The connector is great . Good construction quality , all the way down to the wires used and the even the crimp connectors , good quality . Its been very nice having the 4 pin connector as I have a small utility trailer with a 4 pin , so no adapter needed.However , I have to say the bracket is made of fairly thin medal and flexes too much , hence the 4 star rating . You can bend it quite easily plugging in the cable . Also , the screws they provide for attaching the bracket to the vehicle are VERY cheap . They can strip or break easily , like those super cheap screw kits you can get at that dollar store . Do yourself a favor and spend a couple dollars at the hardware store and get a couple stainless steel bolts and nuts .
 Easy to follow instructions , quick installation . Arrived very quickly and was as described . Would definitely buy from this company again .
 Easy install simple directions . Also came with bracketI did solder to power and brake lines and then shrink wrap to fight the salt of winter.otherwise plug and play
 Everything as promised and worked great ! Would have been helpful to have a website reference to wiring on different vehicles .
 This item when I installed it looks and works great . We have a camper with a round 7 pin insert and waverunners on a trail with a flat 4 insert so this suits both well!The hardware that came with made the install a breeze and my wife was even impressed how nice it looks.Two words of warning though for us novices
 Comes with mounting bracket , I ordered separately because it did n't say it came with it . Great deal but didnt need to buy bracket . $ 15 less than the local RV store .
 this multi-tow adapter for perfect for my truck ! it comes with the mounting hard wear so dont order one when you order this product , you will just be wasting your money . it took less then 15 minutes to take off my old hitch wires and to put this one on .
 This is a great product . I do n't own my own trailer and find myself borrowing other people 's tailers . Some trailers have the same hook ups as my truck and others did not . This gave me the ability to use any trailer connector . I highly recommend this adapter .
 Used this on both Jeeps and Ford pickup truck . Simple installation and works really well towing the trailers . Rugged compact .
 First of all , THIS PRODUCT CONTAINS A MOUNTING BRACKET ! For the first time ever , I did n't read reviews here before purchasing and bought a separate mounting bracket which Amazon lists as `` frequently purchased together '' . On the flip side though , I doubled up the brackets to make them a bit more sturdy . The bracket will bend backwards from the force of pushing the 7 pin plug in otherwise.The adapter itself is made of a thick plastic so corrosion should n't be an issue . Both covers work well and should keep out the elements though dielectric grease should be used as well . The wires are heavy -LRB- enough -RRB- gauge and have good jackets to them and the included crimp connectors are a nice bonus , though I always recommend soldering them.My only complaint is the cheap screws that come with it . Everything needed to mount it is included but it 's very soft steel and strips with little effort . Do yourself a favor and pick up some nice stainless screws at least for where it mounts to the vehicle .
 I could n't be happier with this unit for the money . Very simple connection avoids splicing an existing 4-wire connection , and nice heavy gauge wires for other connections on the 7-pin if needed . In my case , I just needed to add a back-up light hookup for the surge brakes on my boat trailer . I just ran a wire up to the taillight with an inline fuse . Great deal !
 I installed this along with a trailer lighting T-harness and it works very well . It 's not a dealership quality part , but at this price I 'm definitely not complaining .
 Just what I ordered . It came with all the hardware and mount . Great product ! Would order this here next vehicle , it was priced better on Amazon.com than through the local auto parts stores or Wal-Mart
 I had to look up the factor - to after market colors of wireing but this mad my wireing job so much easyier ! Easy mount anywere and good functions .
 Installing took some time getting used to because my tires are chunky . I purchased these chains because my local mountains requires chains even with snow tires during heavy conditions . They fit very well on my Toyo open country M/T 35x12 .50 x20 tires . I had old school link chains before which weighed a ton and was very hard to install for my 33 '' tires . Quality seems to be very high . My only negative so far would be the size of the bag is a little small so you really have to roll the chains up tight to put away , but on the other hand , the bag fits , nice and quietely behind the rear seats of my Tundra Crew max . I would recommend these z-cable style chains for if you have 35 '' tires .
 I do not drive in the snow very often at all . I have a large SUV that is not 4X4 , so I purchased these just in case on our Utah trip . I did end up needing the cable-chains . They were very simple to use . Not having to run them over in order to put them on was the greatest invention ever ! I did not rinse them off for three days after I took them off , and within that delay they got a lot of rust on them . I do n't know if that 's normal or not ?? I sprayed WD40 on them and put them away .
 I live in the White Mountains of NH , where driveways are steep and snow is plentiful . I have been struggling with plowing my 600 ' driveway with stock tires -LSB- I tow a lot and ca n't justify buying winter tires -RSB- . After sliding into a ditch , I started searching . These really looked good so I took a chance . This was the best $ 100 bucks I have ever spent . Easy on/easy off ... great traction ... so good I can back up my steep , icy driveway with the plow on the truck ! I do n't know how they would stand up to daily road use , but for what I do , these are the best !
 Have not yet needed to use them , bought them for when I do need them . I am however , very impressed with the quality of the cables . The bag they came in is durable , handy , convenient & good quality . The price was outstanding for these cables . They are low profile to ensure that they do not rub on the wheel well . Only issue I had , was attempting to purchase another set of the rubber tensioner in case one breaks . Amazon did not seem to offer more than one size , which of course was not the size I needed . Most reviews caution you to have an extra , or you could find yourself in trouble if one side breaks . So if anyone knows where to buy extra tensioners , please let me know .
 I have only used them once and they worked great . The yellow hooks fall off prior to installation so make sure you keep an eye on them -LRB- they are just plastic hooks so they will do this but not a big deal -RRB- .
 These chains worked great.It was my first time in snow conditions and my tires are pretty big -LRB- 285-65-17 -RRB- I did n't think I was gon na need them , but when I hit ICE i pulled over and put them on.Install was easy and the fit was perfect.Once I was safe at our cabin they came off really easily too.The Grip from the Super Z pattern was great !!!
 Item arrived quickly to Alaska . I 've tried these on smaller tires on a Mercedes ML500 last year and was so amazed how easy to install and the awesome traction it has in deep snow and icy road conditions!I had to order a set for my Ford 1ton diesel snow plow truck and tried them on this week , the results was amazing and easy to install on a bigger size wheel.I highly recommend this product !
 I installed these splash guards on a 2010 Gr Marquis.The front wheel installation did not require the removal of the wheels and went in less tan an 1/2 hour . the rear did require that I remove the wheels and they look great . I would definitely rate this item 5 stars .
 Used this item to build a light weight abbreviated bumper on my jeep . Worked out very well . Nice smooth bends with long legs . Am I talking about exhaust tubing or women ? LOL
 This is not a bad item . It fits quite well , and I personally like the outside tape adhesion method . Those in channel units like to fall out of the channel when the window is down . As a second note , these things are no longer manufactured for 88 to 98 Trackers and Sidekicks , so get a pair while you can .
 Heil-Coil M12x1 .25 Metric kit worked great . Motorcycle spark plug hole was stripped , drilled out the hole , followed the instructions on the package and BINGO it worked great . Just a reminder , be careful when you break off the clip on the bottom of the coil .
 A while back I bought an old 1979 Fiat Spider ... needless to say it 's a project car . Turns out that finding the correct style of replacement hubcaps is a bit of a challenge , so instead I picked up some No. 7 Chrome and Metal Polish ... this stuff is a miracle in a bottle . The chrome on the hubcaps was rusted to the point of being universally brown , but after a bit of polishing with this stuff ... bright and shiny , you would never believe they were almost 30 years old ! A must have for anyone wanting to keep the chrome looking good !
 Hi , i purchased this polisher for only pourpose and not for what the product is meant to do.any way im goind to tell u a litlle more this a great product for polishing i have only tryed it to clean the back of the ipods with silver back case and it has been doing a great job i love it . i havent tryed it on any other chrome or metal yet but im pretty sure this item whould work.this thing has been polishing my ipods removing most of the scratches leaving it shinning . i was stunt by the result . i can recomend this item definitely ...
 the glue holds well but the item is slightly off line with the door but you can not really tell.i would buy it again
 They do just what they 're supposed to do and the installation was easy . Price was right also.They are as good as a factory item .
 I say this because of a few things I personally like in a manual shifter . 1 . size , this shifter fits perfect in the palm of my hand . Not like some that are too bulky or too small . 2 . the feel and texture . The is not light . it has some weight to it . The feel is soft and easy on the hands . Not like the cold steel one I removed in place of this one . Ive been driving manual vehicles for nearly 13 years and this is my # 1 . It was priced very well and shipped very quickly . I was sketchy at first spending less than 10 dollars and expecting a quality product . Good job !
 This is a very good leather cleaner . I use it on my car seats and my leather Hancock & Moore recliners and couch . Hard to find but Amazon shipped quickly with no problems .
 This product was developed for leather cleaning by leather producers . I first discovered it some years ago . I cleans leather safely and effectively -- it smells great too.It used to be easy to find this product in stores , but for some reason it has been much more difficult lately.An awesome product !!!!!
 I used this on cleaner on shoes , car interior , and chair . It cleaned well and left a nice finish with no shine . And it did n't take much of the product to get the job done . I am completely satisfied .
 I recently upgraded to a car with leather seats and wanted to get a kit to clean and maintain them . After reading many product reviews and posts on forums , it seemed like many users recommended Tanner 's Preserve . I purchased the Cleaner and the Conditioner separately because it was slightly cheaper than buying a kit . Last Saturday I tried both products.The cleaner was easy to apply and seems to work well . I began by vacuuming the interior . I used a thin cloth with the cleaner . I sprayed the cleaner onto the cloth and rubbed seats with it . The cloth showed dirt that was removed . The cleaner has very faint smell , and evaporates quickly leaving no residue or scent.Once all of the seats were cleaned , I applied the conditioner by hand . I did everything as the bottle directed
 I have had a couple of these bottles of this leather cleaner and it 's the best I have ever used . It has become harder to find and I have n't found any other that works as well . I have a Natuzzi , white leather sofa and a tan leather interior in my car and it has handled cleaning them well -LRB- even with a six year old son -RRB- . It has handled grease from UPS boxes in the back seat of the car to everything else that could ever happen on a sofa . It is a true cleaner and not a conditioner . It sprays on easy and just wipe it off . I have to admit that I have n't had to clean ink off with it -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- , but I have had to use it on everything else imaginable . I have 2 small dogs too that get on the couch and just got comments over Christmas from my family on how good my sofa looks -LRB- it 's over 10 years old -RRB- . They make a conditioner to put on after using the cleaner to soften the leather back up . It works well too , but it 's pretty much like all of the other conditioners that I 've purchased in the past . If you already have a conditioner I would n't buy another one . I have n't always applied the conditioner after the cleaner like it recommends on the back of the bottle . I can tell the cleaner dries it out a little bit , but I 've never had any problems . If you frequently use this on your car seats that are out in the heat , then I could see how the second step of applying the conditioner would become more necessary . If you have ever used a `` conditioner '' to attempt to clean leather . . it does n't work . . THIS DOES !
 The title says it all . This stuff cleans like no other . Once clean , you can treat the leather with the preservative . Great stuff !!!
 I love this leather cleaner . It cleans instantly , and the smell is great . Just bought a box of 6 -LRB- $ 5 each , including shipping -RRB- , so I do n't have to worry about running out for a long time . They used to carry this at Pep Boys , but that was a long time ago . Now I ca n't find it in any store . Great Product !
 I bought two of these to make sure I did n't run out . I also use it on my leather jacket when I put it away for the summer .
 I broke the door handle trying to open the door when it was frozen shut by an ice storm . The dealer wanted an are and a leg for the part . This was a good deal .
 No. 7 Car Wash Concentrated Powder -LRB- 8 oz . -RRB- No 7 Car WashI and my husband have used this for years and loved it . It seems to leave a sheen to the car surface . You us the amount suggested and the bubbles will just keep coming every time you put the hose in . Then years ago we stopped seeing it on the shelves . We thought they went out of business . Needless to say we are very happy to be reunited . The cost is still not bad . It arrived in a very reasonable time.Thanks
 I have been using No. 7 car wash concentrate for 10 years and my dad has probably been using it for close to 30 years . This product is unique in that it is extremely gentle on finishes , rinses clean , gives you many buckets of suds per can , and is relatively cheap . The only downside I can think of for this product is that it is hard to locate in stores . Many mom & pop hardware stores used to carry it on their shelves , but with those closing more and more often , I was very happy to find that amazon sells the concentrate . Give it a try !!
 This car wash detergent is great . I 've found that powdered concentrates work better and last longer than any liquid soaps .
 It is as expected . It is portable and very useful . It is much better than the 1000 watt gas generator I initially wanted to purchase .
 Who would know these are plastic unless you touch them . Looks like metal and easy to install . Just do n't make the same mistake I did and order 4 -LRB- they come in sets of 4 -RRB- It must be a woman thing .
 I really like this product . It fits on my car and it looks great . It 's very easy to install , around 5 minutes .
 Great product , got it a day after I ordered , it came in well packaged , very easy to install , it does what it 's suppossed to do , no rattling or funny noises ! Great product and great service . I put it on my 2 door 2002 tracker and the ride is a bit quieter now since it 's a softop .
 I put My order in on Saturday Evening , Tuesday afternoon this product was on my door step . Ventshades went on my vehicel Nice And Easy !!!!
 Bought this air filter to replace the stock one . Arrived on time and the fit was good . Have only ridden the bike a few times since the install , but so far all seems good .
 This is just a follow up to the tail pipe I bought from Amazon . com , at the same time I bought the muffler . If you have read my review for my muffler I bought the tail pipe also , it is just as good as the muffler is . So there it is , tail pipe great , have no complaints . Amazon.com for me is the best for shoping on line for auto parts . \ , prices are fair and so far good products . In my opinion you can , t go wrong .
 The TIF combustible gas detector is outstanding!I 'm a third generation HVAC installer and service technician . I 've had one of these units for about 12 years now and it is every bit as accurate and reliable as the day I bought it.It is capable of measuring tiny gas leaks with astounding accuracy . The probe is flexible , which is extremely handy -LRB- and pretty much a necessity -RRB- . I laughed when I saw this one on Amazon because it looks identical to the one I bought 12 years ago . I would have imagined they would have updated it . Then again , if something is n't broken why fix it?It is durable , easy to hear and holds a charge for a very long period of time . It is adjustable and can be set for small or large gas presence.For professional or DIY use this is the meter to buy.The only downside is the battery pack . They are not common and can not be bought at your local hardware store . You 'll have to buy them online . They cost around $ 20 for the battery pack . They last about 5-6 years with constant use . They are rechargeable , but like all batteries they eventually need to be replaced .
 Just received this detector from Amazon and turned the unit on outside to set the sensitivity and started testing the gas lines in my house . Five minutes later I found a natural gas leak in the basement!Background : We have two of the wall plug-in type CO / Gas detectors . Occasionally one will sound its alarm . The other one does n't . Then they reverse which one alarms . They do this days , weeks , even months apart . It seemed so random , plus no smell , that it seemed to be false alarms . Still , there was that nagging feeling . That 's why I ordered the TIF 8800A . The TIF 8800A did not indicate any gas in the house in general . The sniffer tip had to be placed right next to a fitting to get an increase in the warning level , but it did go right up the scale quickly when by that fitting . I suspect the leak is very , very small and that the other two alarms really were giving false alarms . I will have the leak fixed , of course . The alarm level drops to zero even two inches from the fitting.I highly recommend this detector for anyone with gas to their house . There really is no other way to tell for sure if you have a leak -LRB- the bubble test does n't always work -RRB- .
 This is a very effective sniffer for natural & propane gas . We use many of them in our gas business and thay work so good , I bought my own .
 This unit is build to last , as long you do not drop it , the tif 8800A is very sensitve to gas , it detected the gas fume under my house from the side vent . I love this unit , if you need to locate a small leak under the house , like I did , this unit will find it . I like the tif 8800A because it has a light indicator in addition to the beeping sound .
 I bought this because I was installing my own gas water heater and I 've learned long ago that having the right tools is the key to success.I researched this model 8800A over the others and went to the manufacturer website and decide this was the exact model to get.This paid for itself the first time I used it because I found a small leak upon completion and re-teflon taped a fitting and checked again , and all was well . When it comes to combustible gas , you want to be perfect , not close-enough . I 've also used this in the attic to check shutoff valves near the gas furnace , etc.Recently I moved a large , multi-sectioned stainless steel propane grill from one house to the next . It was so large and so heavy we had to take it apart in pieces , which meant disconnecting lines.What a great peace of mind to know that when we finally got it to the new house , we could check for gas leaks . We were fine , but my friend was n't convinced . We turned the gas on briefly without lighting and tested the detector and it worked like a charm . We let the air clear and all was well . I was only then comfortable knowing that all of the fitting , fasteners , adapters , lines , everything was leak-free . I recently saw a home improvement show on the Network channels and saw the same signature red Tif Instrument gas detector being used by a professional house inspector and I felt good knowing that I was using the same equipment a professional would choose . The only downside is that your friends want you to check their houses , too!Update - 2/28/2011 : ==================== I still love the peace of mind of this device . We recently purchased a stone gas fireplace set -LRB- with grate , burner , stone logs , etc -RRB- . I was able to use this to ensure that all connections were indeed leak free , etc. . I also used this for a portable propane heater that sits on top of a propane tank and verify the connections were also leak free . I plan to build an outdoor built-in grill/patio and this will again come in handy .
 This device was really great it detected leaking gas in our fireplace . We had a company that installed a gas fireplace but when their technician left I felt strange smell I called the company back but their response was that it was new fireplace so it would have smell but it goes away but after a few days it did not and I became concern and got this device , it showed a gas leak and I got it to fix for free since I had some proof when I called back to the fireplace company .
 I had a small natural gas leak that I had been trying to find for months with the soapy water technique -LRB- to no avail -RRB- . This easy to use great little devise found a pin hole leak in a faulty T fitting in less than 5 minutes .
 Great sniffer for the price . I use it on every inspection with gas utilities . Always get bonus points from the client when you tell them there is a gas leak . comes in a nice hard case and the battery lasts long time .
 I like the fact that there was no learning curve-just turn it on and go to work . As a home inspector where time is important this was wonderful . First time I used it I was able to show the client exactly where the gas leak was . I would definitely recommend this unit to anyone looking for a gas detector .
 Purchased 3 for our inspection company.The tif 8800A is the carbon gas detector we use . It is a great tool . The delivery was quick and complete . Thanks
 This is a must have for Home Inspectors in my area , and this was the pest price anywhere on the web .
 The TIF8800A Combustible Gas Detector detected leaking natural gas even when the leak could not be found with soapy water or a match .
 The gas detector is simple to operate , and handy to have . I would buy it again today if I needed to .
 Im an old fashion soap & water guy but it was time to upgrade and this product is one of the best in my field . It can find leaks that soap & water could not . Its as sensitive as you need it to be . Well worth the money if you need a combustible leak detector .
 Got this sniffer about a week ago and have been very impressed ; even impressed the neighbors by checking all their propane tanks - it found the leak I was looking for on my own tank very easily . It 's like it 's smelling the air and gives you immediate feedback via a buzzer if it finds anything combustible . Saved me $ 100 for a home inspector to come find this leak . I will use it over and over . the one large , rechargeable battery seems like it 's going to stay charged for a long time . Yes , if you fart on it the buzzer goes off ! hehe . I hav n't read the directions yet - it 's that easy to use . Jason
 Got this for Christmas and put it on a couple of months later . Everything went good with the install and it looks good on the truck -LRB- 07 ' Dodge -RRB- . Very easy to use . Much easier when backing up to the goose neck camper . Do n't have to worry about hitting the tail gate . Then easy put back in place and the wind from the camper does not blow things out . Did change the nuts for the bolts to nyloc nuts and changed the clip pins to small tractor hitch pins with holes for small padlocks . Would recommend this to friends .
 I purchased the Turbo net RV tailgate for my new Ford F250 . With a few simple tools , I had the tailgate installed in less than 20 minutes . It looks great and works even better than I anticipated . Placing the order was `` painless '' and delivery was prompt . Thanks for a great product !
 We had to drill a hole on each side of the pickup tailgate area to make the Turbo-Net work which my husband was n't too comfortable with but he did it and we used the Turbo-Net for the first time a couple weeks ago . We have a fifth wheel and it worked out beautifully . We do n't just throw things in the pickup bed but usually have them in containers or boxes of some sort and that worked well also . It looks nice and does the job at a lot less cost than a typical metal tail gate .
 When I bought a new truck I had to look for a Fifth Wheel tailgate . So being the `` cheapskate '' I am , I looked for the lowest priced but effective tailgate I could find . And at about 50 dollars , the Turbo Net was just what I was lookin ' for . The net works fine . Although the small paper instruction was not to helpful . But with help from wife I figured it out . Although the instructions noted that you needed furniture polish , it did not explained why . After getting the wife 's help , the furniture polish was needed to rub on the top and bottom poles so the material can slip through . Impossible to slip the top pole in without the polish . Also I thought it explained before I ordered it , that only two holes were needed to be drilled . When in fact four was needed - at least on mine - . Anyway the net does serve the purpose . Now that work is done , it is easy to attach and detach from the truck , and easy to store .
 Looks nice and works well . It took more time putting it together then it takes to install . The instructions are a bit hazy but it is a self explanatory assemblyThe packaging - well that 's another story . Since it appears to be drop shipped from the manufacturer , AMAZON needs to remind them that little pieces disappear easily from a smashed up single wall box . I was missing one fastener , but not a big deal for me.Packaging and instructions lost it a star , but it is still a pretty good product that does what I needed it to do = make the hook up easier and allow for air to flow more easily and not blow items out of the truck bed
 Rather than placing the net at the location they recommended , I moved it into the bed from the tailgate by an inch or two . The reason I did this was because I can leave it in the bed without removing the tailgate when not using the 5th wheel . To allow for this I cut a little off the pipes where they meet and it worked out exactly as I wanted it to . It does the job and for the price I would recommend this product . Used on a 2006 F-250
 Love it !!! Did have to do a little searching for new tall pad -LRB- wish it came with it -RRB- . Old school look and sturdy . No problems with fit or installation . Not that it takes a genius to install one .
 very good stopping power , do n't fade , do n't squeak , but do generate a bit of brake dust.if they wear well , it will have been a high value purchase ...
 Package arrived quickly . Outside had a hole in box , but hitch was in perfect condition with all hardware too . The hitch fit perfectly onto my 26 year old K-5 CUCV Blazer . I wish I had found it earlier . Excellent hitch for the price . Finish is nice too . Love the fact that it is rated up to 10K .
 Great filter and perfect fitment . I live in Los Angeles and sit in traffic . This filters out all the exhaust fumes , cigarette smoke and other `` smells '' one experiences while sitting in traffic . I was hesitant to buy automotive stuff from amazon , but slowly I am putting down my guard . Gon na save a ton of money buying online verses the dealership and I like that a lot .
 Seems there is little an AUDI owner can do to service their own vehicle . Here 's a notable exception . The Mann filter is a high quality replacement that you can DIY ! There were several `` How To '' videos on the internet to give me confidence . The product fit as OEM and the process wrapped in 20 minutes . Estimated savings vs. dealer
 I always forget I have this in the car . I never smell anything from nearby traffic . Maybe a little bit of diesel fumes but that is it . I will most definitely keep using these !
 Takes 1 minute to replace on the B6/B7 A4 , and at this cost -LRB- about $ 15 on Amazon at time of purchase -RRB- , you have no excuse not to do it every year .
 Perfect fit for my Audi A4 2T . Comes with a good instruction booklet -LRB- with photos -RRB- for installation in different Audi models .
 Its a good upgrade from the filter my a4 came with . Changed it after 4 years . Fits well . The DIY on the link below made it pretty easy . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Fits perfectly , easy to install . Anyone - including those with zero mechanical ability , can change this filter easily . Anyone who would pay the massive amount the Audi dealer wants to change this filter is a complete fool .
 Fits perfectly in my 2005 -LRB- b6 -RRB- audi A4 . installation was a piece of cake and did not require ANY tools -LRB- simple panels which were secured by tabs -RRB- . Took all of 30 seconds to swap out . My old filter had plenty of dirt and other pollutants stuck on it after 45k miles .
 Talk about a good product upsell . This filter is one of the last things you plan on replacing . It has nothing to do with how the car runs.I saw it as a suggestion when I was looking at a repair manual.It fits perfectly and is priced right.Amazing thing is after 4 yrs of dedicated Audi dealer service the original was never replaced and was pitch black . Air conditioning / window defogger / basic heat all draw air through it and subsequently work noticeably better after the change.Looks like Amazon is an auto parts store worth looking into for misc parts .
 it 's a bit more expensive that the OEM cabin filter , but the charcoal activated one seems to do a better job at keeping those exhaust fumes from entering the cabin . You know that situation - you have you AC or heat on fresh air , you 're stuck in traffic , and soon enough , you smell the car exhaust from around you . Since putting this filter in though , i have not noticed any smell of fumes , so while it 's new at least , it does a great job of keeping your cabin air nice and clean .
 These relatively inexpensive and readily available filters are a great way to keep your cabin air nice and clean . Change the filter at least once a year . Very easy to change on the 2008 B7 A4 Audi .
 I think the previous owners of my `` new '' used car were smokers because there was a slight funk . Thats why I went with the activated charcoal version . Its very easy to install and got rid of that unwanted odor . Works better than any air freshener you can put in your car.Highly recommended .
 The filter was a perfect fit for my 2004 Audi A4 1.8 T Quattro . After about a week , it 's still working perfectly and I `` feel '' that the air is better neutralized then compared to previous non-charcoal filter . In total , it was about 15 minutes of work to do the replacement . Most of the time spent was removing the car width rubber cover over the filter housing and then putting it back .
 I bought this filter to replace factory one prior to taking car in for 45k service . I like the fact that there is carbon layers in the filter and it would make sense that this one would filter the air better than the plain paper filter from factory .
 It requires almost zero mechanical aptitude to instal and fits perfectly in my 2004 Audi S4 . Installing this yourself is a much better alternative than getting raped on the price at the dealer or service shop for doing 3 minutes worth of work .
 Most people do n't know to replace the cabin filter on the Audi but it made a big difference in the way the car runs . It is also good for people sitting in the car since the air is filtered . Good price and I will be ordering more now that I know where to find them.Thanks .
 The Mann-Filter was a perfect drop-in replacement for my Audi . The activated charcoal does a great job of removing odors from the air , although there is still some slight skunk odor that makes its way through , it is nothing like driving along and getting hit with a brick wall of skunk and you cant roll down the windows because you know its going to even worse ... these filters do a great job of mitigating bad odors . These filters do need to be replaced about yearly so they dont get a musty smell in the car cabin .
 This filter fit perfectly on my 2004 Audi S4 4.2 L V-8 . I 'd never done this before . It took me 2 minutes to get almost everything done , but another 3 minutes for me to get that main cover back on correctly as the final step of reassembly . The filter came with instructions that were pictures only ; the clarity was poor . I found it FAR more useful to watch a youtube video of someone doing it . Go on youtube and do a search for
 This is `` the real deal '' ! I have tried several less expensive wannabes and they have always failed in short order despite not exceeding their claimed limits . I have a Harley Road Glide , i.e. less than 1000 lbs . All the others were not as smooth and easy , even when new.Do yourself a favor and ultimately save some $ . You get what you pay for in this case .
 Great product I have bought these Mega Fuses and Mega fuse holders for years and have never had a problem with quality or fit.They can be used for various types of circuit protection and a varity of enviroments.I like them and highly recommend !
 Only place i could find this , except at dealer for 3 times the price . Worked perfectly .
 This is by far the best tire dressing ever made ... It looks just right , stays on for weeks , does not sling off and does not have an oily or greasy buildup on the tires ...
 I agree with the other reviews ... Teflon Tire Shine by Dupont is the best and does not flay off onto your fenders.I used to get it at Walmart 's for $ 4.50 but they stopped handling it ... I did n't know Dupont stopped making it , as another reviewer stated.Again , it 's a great product but I refuse to pay $ 7.95 plus $ 5.95 S&H ; when I used to get it for $ 4.50 ! Sounds like someone found a supply of it and is trying to retire on the profits.The price is outrageous !!! It 's only tire dressing ...
 Nice product ; best tire finish I 've experienced.Easy to apply liquid formula , non-greasy , and dries to what I would call a `` satin sheen '' rather than a `` shine '' -LRB- which is exactly what I wanted anyway -RRB- . Once applied to my tires , the finish lasted about 2 weeks before reapplication was required . It 's a bit like car wax for your tires - it sheds/beads water well , and is not greasy like most other tire shine products -LRB- so you do n't get any residue on the wheel arches when you take the car for a spin -RRB- . Highly recommended .
 Apparently Dupont sold the manufacturing rights to a chemical company in South Carolina -LRB- Aiken Chemical Co in Greenville , SC -RRB- . As others have noted , it was getting hard to find . I ordered a case of 6 directly from the chemical co -LRB- got an excellent price -RRB- because there is no Pep Boys -LRB- the only retailer that was carrying it according to the chemical company -RRB- where I live . This was in 08/2008 . I need more now but the chemical company in SC does n't make it any more and they nor Dupont have no clue who is making it now if anybody . I hear the spray on teflon wake was popular too although I never use spray on wax .
 I stumbled on this stuff in the automotive section of a major retailer about 2 years ago & decided I 'd try it . I loved the results SO much , that I continued buying it . Unfortunately , the retailer stopped carrying it & I 've been looking for it since . I 'm glad I found it at Amazon . This is a quality tire shine that actually makes your tires shine , vs. giving them that artificial wet look . I recommend just spraying it on & not wiping it on . If the weather is good , it should hold up for about a week or so . Great stuff !
 I HAVE TRIED ALL , TRUT ME , FROM ARMOR ALL TO EAGLE , AND THIS IS THE BEST FOR THE PRICE , STAYS LONG , EVEN AFTER RAIN OR CAR WASHES , AND IT IS CHEAP FOR THE AMOUNT OF TIMES YOU CAN USE IT AND REUSE IT !
 I have been using this tire shine for a along time , and find it does a fantastic job on the tires.Only this time I bought them from the internet , because I could not find it in the stores . I got the spray bottles but they both do not work , and I do not know how to open them , because they do not turn.I thought I could I could swap out the nozzles from another bottle , but the top will not come off the bottle . ANY SUGGESTIONS FROM ANYONE , BECAUSE I DO NOT WANT TO RETURN THEM . ? Barbara
 not much to say about this . its an oil cap . I used it on my 98 ford ranger . It fits well and looks oem . It is made out of quality hard plastic and look like it will hold up to the heat from the engine .
 nothing sticks to it , you can watch a fly side on it when the car is sitting still , its the best I have ever used
 Que producto tan excelente en mi opinion es uno de alta competencia . Es una comprar segura sin perdida de dinero en la inversion.La aplicacion es muy facil y no es dificil al momento de extraer , se puede aplicar sin problemas en zonas caliente . El residuo del producto que pueda quedar se puede extraer al dia siguiente con solo pasar la mano -LRB- en caso de quedar detalles -RRB- .
 They are strong and small . I leave it attached to the winch at all times and use it to take the load off the winch .
 I use this pulley with a 4500 superwinch to pull logs onto my trailer and it has worked great!Its easy to hook up and install the cable . Good quality .
 Looks like it 's going to work perfectly . The Hook is rated at a different strength then the pulley , so its only as strong as the lowest number . Definitely adequate for my needs .
 This extra pulley doubles the lifting capacity of a winch , is easy to cable mount ; remove lock clip , pulley pin , and reassemble over cable . Again Amazon you made it happen . THANK YOU
 We replaced the cheap lift pulley , hardware store type , we had on our snow plow attached to our fourwheeler here in Alaska after it repeatedly failed in heavy use last year . Good thing as we have over 120 inches of snow this year and this pulley has never failed us . It fits perfectly and the larger diameter and center pin has been greatly appreciated too . It stinks repairing a broken pulley when it 's 10 below in blowing snow . That wind just cuts right through you . Thank God for Hawaii and those airline mileage plans . Now where 's that waiter with our mojitos ' ?
 Have n't had to use it yet , but is a well made product and easy to attach to the winch cable . Good company to do business with .
 your Product Dimensions must be wrong it states Product Dimensions
 Theres really not much to say . It is just as described , and looks just like the orginal . All I did is spray it with some wax , tar , grease remover then hit it with some rattle-can black caliper paint .
 I used an electric drill . Spent about an hour . Used all six pads provided . It did improve my wiper blade mark but did not completely remove it . All I could expect from a non professional product .
 I use to be a huge fan of the old Zaino Z2 , it was a very bold , in your face look . Almost looked like someone laminated your car in plastic . Some hate that look , I like it on certain color cars . This is a great replacement for the old Z2 . This stuff is very easy to use , a little goes a VERY long way . This is a pure sealant , use it only on well prepped paint , it does not do any cleaning . If you want a cleaner-sealant , check out DG101.Pros-Goes on easy-Very durable , especially if you use the Polish Bonding Agent DG 601-Laminated paint look -LRB- similar to the old Zaino Z2 -RRB- - Remains slick and keeps the car clean even after rain-Does not stain trim-A little goes a very long way . On a well prepped car -LRB- clay + paint cleaner -RRB- , 1/2 oz should be plenty for a whole car . You do not need to slather this stuff on , thin coats !!! Cons-Laminated paint look -LRB- similar to the old Z2 -RRB- - Required PBA DG601 for best results
 I have become an avid detailer over the past three years or so and have been steadily experimenting with all sorts of products for detailing . Wetsanding , compounding , polishing , glazes , sealants , waxes , etc. . I have decent experience with it all.I bought this product a while ago but just recently gave it a try . I felt deceived by the `` polish '' in the title of the product because a true polish has abrasives in it to help remove minor surface swirl marks in the paint , but this stuff in non-abrasive , so therefor it ca n't be a polish by definition . Turns out that this product is more of a replacement to your last phase of detailing , applying the wax.A little bit of the product goes a long , long way , and it removes easily with a microfiber towel . The shine is impressive ... on the same level as the Collinite Fleetwax that I am a big fan of . Durability is excellent too . The vehicle I applied it to went through a lot of rain this week and after washing it post rain storms , the water repels as if it was freshly waxed and without applying any detailing product post wash , the paint feels super slick ... as if it was just waxed . Suffice to say , this product will now become my # 1 go to for finishing up my detail jobs as it performs like a top tier wax as far as gloss and depth and has proven to be much more durable than those expensive show waxes.For ease of use , how quick a coat can be applied and buffed off , and the results I got , I highly encourage others to give this product a try .
 This polish will add a DEEP luster to your paint . I applied this back in December and the shine and beading is still great . I usually use synwax which is super easy to apply and remove . There duragloss adds a deeper shine that the synwax does not . Application is very easy and removal takes a little effort but nothing like a carnuba wax . I ca n't wait to put this on my wifes black vehicle .
 Duragloss 101 is a synthetic wax -LRB- a paint sealant -RRB- that cleans your paint , adds gloss and protects against mother nature . My favorite thing about DG101 is that while and excellent cleaner , it also looks great . Unlike most sealants that look very cold and sterile , this stuff makes your paint come alive . Its very wet and reflective.Pros : - Great looks-Great cleaning action combined with a light polish.-Above average durability-A little goes a long way.-Works equally well by hand or machine -LRB- use a white foam polishing pad -RRB- . Cons : - The supplied applicator is kind of cheapy-Its a bit hard to find locally , Car quest is the only place I can find it.-Does not fill swirlsWhile its always good to clay before hand , you might not need to if your paint is relatively clean . This stuff is fantastic for daily drivers because it lasts 3-4 months -LRB- parked outside 24/7 -RRB- . Like all Duragloss products , it seems to be expensive because of the size of the container , but DG does not contain fillers so a little goes a long way . I use about 1-2 oz on a normal sized car . The durability exceed any other readily available cleaner wax including Meguiars -LRB- Cleaner , ColorX and NXT -RRB- as well as Mothers Carnauba cleaner wax . This stuff is fantastic if you are looking for a cleaner , polish and wax in one .
 Nuff said ... too bad it 's not available in stores . -LRB- Now i 've got ta say atleast 20 more words in order to publish this review -RRB- .
 I bought this part for my Brother , and he tells me that it works perfectly on his '87 Intruder . Now he no longer suffers from dead batteries at every turn . *** Update *** August 12 , 2012This part is still working flawlessly over 2 years later . I see that it 's currently unavailable , but if it becomes available again , you ca n't go wrong purchasing this refurbished regulator/rectifier .
 This was a difficult to find part I found it here and it is exactly what I needed ! Plus I could not find it at any better price .
 Good Product . Installed easy . Received product in a short amount of time , in good shape . As stated in title this is a direct replacment for my application .
 I still ca n't understand why this product was taken off the market . Everytime I have used it , the product has never let me down . The technique I use goes as follows
 I will never buy anything else . I used to use acid wash , but this product is amazing . I bought 9 bottles so i wont run out !!
 I have used this device twice , I did have to download the owner 's manual from the internet which was not hard to find . The tips are still available from the manufactor . This device `` smells '' out all types of refrigerants including those used in some types of fire extingushers which is handy in both of my lines of work .
 Very good replacement for the old 5550 . The two sampling rate is very handy . I have no idea of the durabiulity yet . I also have not had enough time to test the accuracy of the meter compared to others .
 I received my TIF leak detector yesterday and used it right away . This is so user friendly with just four buttons to operate . I found the leak I was looking for in just a few short minutes . Thanks to this leak detector , I was able to pin point the leak and identify exactly which part needs to be replaced . This is a great leak detector for the money .
 This is a great tool for finding A/C leaks ! Easy get started and use by someone who has never used a tool like this . Quickly found the leak in my tractors A/C system -LRB- o-ring fitting -RRB- . At $ 10 a can for R134a I would have been money ahead to buy this a long , long time ago !
 Perfect OEM Like Replacement In Every Way . Clicks when closed enough , fits in the gas doors cap holding blades . seals properly , and is inexpensive . Perfect !
 exactly what i needed for my truck , fits perfect ... my old one broke off at gas station i wasnt sure if amazon even carried this item , but i got lucky ...
 The gas cap arrived very fast , my old one uas metal and not venting right , but the new cap I purchased from Amazon is plastic like all the newer vehicles , and the fit and function is perfect ! Thank You
 I did not even know that our 1990 VW Golf GTI had a cabin filter ! Took the cowl off to replace the speedometer cable and there it was - with 20 years of filth growing out of it . Called all around - no one had a replacement . Amazon to the rescue !! I use Mann oil filters , so it was a no-brainer to give this a try - fit perfect and the price is right !
 I 've got it to weld up to 3/8 and it did a great job at it .
 Bought it for my Passat an year ago and it still works great !! Probably will by another ! This one is really dirty now it means it works !!
 Fits my '99 Audi A4 2.8 V6 Quattro.Very easy to mount , did it myself.Item arrived sooner than estimated .
 I 'm satisfied with my purchase , however , I 'm not a huge fan that the front sits lower than the back . I 'm slowly getting used to it . my friends like the look , but I prefer something even , oh well . . now I have room to `` squat '' at the track ! suspension is stiff , but not TOO stiff , just the right amount for everyday drive-ability . ca n't beat the price either !
 Reasonably priced , arrived on time and in one piece . Functions as advertised and I have had no problems with it .
 This style adapter was the ONLY one Walmart did n't have . Was very glad Amazon carried this and also glad it was the ` flexible wire ' type and not solid . I pulled it out of the package and used it that day with a boat . Worked great and at a really fair price .
 These wire loom holders are the perfect touch to bring some extra color to your engine area . Install is easy and fast .
 Its nice to purchase auto parts on Amazon . This came with free super saver shipping and that makes the difference !
 I bought these cables for my girlfriends focus an the fit an quality was great . Corrosion is a common problem with the cables on these cars . The new cables took care of the problem an now it starts up everytime . It included the positive and negative cables from the battery , the engine ground , body ground , starter cable , an alternator cable .
 These cables fit up like the OEM cables but have better connectors that fit on the battery posts.The assembly has both positive and negative cables with pigtails .
 While not a revolutionary idea , the shape and design of this product are marvelous for those with lumbar support needs . My acunpuncturist provided me with my Huggar . The packaging also says it is helpful for those with upper back pain , esp between the shoulder blades - when used at home , supine for a 15 minute stretch session . I highly recommend this product .
 it 's great for adding a sub or more speakers to your stock system . the features not listed in the amazon product page are subsonic rolloff . it 's adjustable so that 's really nice for tuning your system . i installed these for an subwoofer in my trunk . works great . the remote feature is nice so i dont have to run wires to the back of my trunk .
 Was great to keep my factory GPS and head unit . Add a sub and amp and I am happy going down the road . Great product .
 For those looking to power an amplifier , but do n't want to run a remote wire through your dash and into your head unit . This will work . It feels cheaply built -LRB- plastic -RRB- , but it does the job .
 The unit was exactly as advertised as a direct fit OEM . No adapters required , simple -LRB- Reciprocating saw -RRB- cut of rear cat exhaust pipe and it fits right in and just clamp it in place . Passed exhaust emission testing and everyone is happy ...
 I bought two of these for my truck , knowing the optima reputation as a good battery . I have had a red top in a different truck for six years . It sat for a year and I started truck up the other day . So I 've been more than happy with optima red top batteries . My two acdelcos were newer than my red top and both bad , swollen cases and CA at 265 on the first one I pulled and tested . I did n't bother to check second one after seeing case . I installed passenger side yellow top without issue . Wish the driver side was the same , unfortunately the negative terminal is moved inward on all yellow tops -LRB- in group size I need 34/78 -RRB- and cable would n't reach it . I considered taking it back but did install the other battery already . I adapted the side terminal to post and put adapter on cable and it barely reached . Positive cable very cramped being so close to neg cable . I wish they would have left them on the ends like they have been doing for decades . Truck is duramax diesel for anyone considering this battery . In retrospect id probably order a group 78 red top which does have wide -LRB- original -RRB- spacing of terminals , or at least for driver side . Next time I hope to buy Odyssey batteries . As a note a single yellow did start my truck .
 In a word
 I have a 2003 2Dr Hyundai Accent . The Korean Kiddy Car 's alternator is only 90 amps , and no one is willing to make an after market version with more amps . My car audio system was causing the lights on my car to dim every time the bass hit.I replaced all of the dash lights with LEDS to try to alleviate current pull . I also got a 2.5 farad capacitor ; this remedied the issue for about 5 minutes . Then the synchronized dimming would resume.I bought one of these from Costco , for about the same price as Amazon is currently listing , but I also had to pay tax and put a deposit down for my old battery . Plus with prime shipping , Amazon is by far the best option . Anyways , I forced the Yellow Top into my Accent . -LRB- Amazon and others do n't list this battery as compatible with Hyundai Accents -RRB- The problem was solved . This battery is amazing.About a week after installing it , something messed up with my brake light signal . The light would not turn off due to the sensor on the brake pedal coming apart . The car sat for several hours with the break lights on before I realized the problem . The battery had no issues starting the car and cranking some music . Let the bass resume .
 Too soon to evaluate longevity . First impressions are positive . Replaced 4 year-old Sears Die-Hard , that was installed in my Chevy v-8 powered Jeep . My old battery would no longer hold a charge . I 've had many years experience with car/boat batteries , and finally gave up on Sears.Modifications to the battery tray and hold-down strap were required to facilitate the battery 's side posts , which are located near the center of the battery , in-line with the stock hold-down bolt/cross strap ; I use the side posts for engine start , and the top posts for the Jeep 's winch.Initial voltage checks indicated received fully charged -LRB- 12.69 v -RRB- . Random daily checks indicated ability to retain charge.Static battery drain , do to ECM and radio memory is 7MA . Alternator output at idle measured 14.66 v , tapering off to 13.8 , which is normal , and expected.Battery came with various case adapters to fit various battery trays . Construction appears first class . Time will tell.I would have ranked the battery at 5 * s , but need time and usage experience before giving `` 100 % '' endorsement .
 I have this in my 57 pickup truck and it is still going strong . Good buy for anyone looking for the best battery on the market
 My Optima yellow top came in a sturdy double wall box designed for the battery . It had multiple adapters , one which worked perfect for my vehicle . I had the battery installed 5 minutes after it arrive in my Chevy conversion van , and it fired up my V-8 engine right out of the box . I am very happy with it , especially since the tight installation makes adding water difficult with a conventional battery , never a problem with an Optima since they are sealed .
 Product works like it should came with everything I needed to mount it ! Could n't have asked for more great product !
 Best batteries by far ! Great for starting a cummins when it 's freezing . Powering accessories like air dog 150 and powering a 12 that hits like a son of a bi *** . Without the needle moving on your volts gauge . Overall best batteries in the market !
 Perfect battery . Perfect fit . Glad I had the room to make it fit . Do n't have any problems starting my car now .
 I bought this battery for my 1976 Bronco after finding out how great they are at starting generators in Afghanistan.we ca n't afford to have batteries fail here so we use the best . i knew it would be a good battery for my `` Mudzilla '' Bronco . they are kinda pricey but you get what you pay for in a good battery .
 I have had this exact yellow high battery in my Expedition for 6 + years now . The stock Ford battery lasted only 2 years . But I started keeping it desulfated and maintained using aNOCO G1100 NOCO Genius Gray 6V and 12V 1100mA -LRB- 1.1 A -RRB- Fully Automatic Battery Charger and Maintainerand it 's Still going strong , no problems . I never forget my lights on and I do not have any serious loads , just start the car each day and go to work . I live in Arizona , therefore it sees the seasons . Over two 100,000 miles on the vehicle . Still have the first alternator in the car likewise . I will use the Optima once more when/if this one dies
 People who gave this battery a low grade must of got a used or defective one because i have had mine for three years as a single battery . Ive powered mulitple systems in my car currently i have 3000rms with a 400amp load being drawn with 0/1 gauge wires running threw my entire car and this battery takes it like a champ . My Lights dim but thats to be expected i would buy a secound one but for the price i can get a higher amperage . So buttom line its a good battery for cars that have high power demmands but you can do better for cheaper . Shuriken & Kinetik make a really good power cell if your looking for to power ampliefers and subwoofers .
 I have had this exact yellow top battery in a 2000 Expedition for 6 years now . The stock Ford battery lasted 5 years . Still going strong , no problems . I never forget my lights on and I do not have any heavy loads , just start the car every day and go to work . I live in New Jersey , so it sees the seasons . Over 200,000 miles on the vehicle . Still have the original alternator in the car as well . I will use the Optima again when/if this one dies.Update , after 7.5 years the battery started to feel weaker but still starts the car no problems . I have retired the battery to my bank of deep cycle backup batteries , that I use in the event of a power outage , to run refrigerators and a fish tank . The bank is constatly being de-sulfated with the trickle charger and this should extend this batteries life for a couple more years .
 I have n't used this long , but I wanted to note that this item arrived at my home in excellent condition . The box was unscathed and I 'm happy with the result . This is being installed on my 2001 Jeep XJ . main reason for the deep cycle is because the car spends a good amount of time sitting 2 weeks + and I have a winch on the rig which will put a huge load on the battery . The previous battery was a 7 year old Optima Red-Top which gave up the ghost as it simply was n't designed for such use .
 Got this battery to replace the one I got 6 years ago . I use three of these batteries in parallel to to power my car and 2750 Wrms car audio system .
 I did quite a bit of research before I settled for the Optimas - I have two of these hooked up at 12 volts charged by solar panels through a controller . I 've had them for about a year - and they are still delivering a steady 40 amps -LRB- what I need -RRB- and still charge to the appropriate voltage . I do keep them connected to a winter float charger -LRB- CTEK -RRB- .
 I have a 2008 Dodge Grand Caravan that has been modified for wheelchair use . Pushing the passenger sliding door button on the remote opens the door , slides a ramp out , and lowers the right rear quarter of the van so the ramp angle will be less steep . When it got frigid this winter , I would open the door , get in the van , close it up while I transferred out of the chair into the driver 's seat , try to start the van and - you guessed it - not enough power left in the battery to turn the engine over . After the third time , I decided that I needed a new battery.I did some research and decided that an Optima Yellow Top Dual Purpose battery was just what I needed . Arrived * very * well packaged from Amazon , and even without charging it up , it ran through all of the non-starting actions and proceeded to start the engine in 10 weather.So far , I have n't had any problems whatsoever . The only negative is that there is only a 36 month warranty for a battery that is as expensive as the Yellow Top.Update : Two years in , and absolutely no problems with the battery .
 Top quality product . Shipping was cheaper than dirt . No sales tax , no core charge . If you need a top quality battery and can wait a few days for delivery , I highly recommend this one .
 This battery is awesome . No problems what so ever . does not come with terminal lugs for the front terminals .
 This is officially my sixth Optima Yellow Top battery , and the first that has had an issue requiring warranty support . Unfortunately , I was told by Optima that Amazon is not on their authorized retailer list therefore I am unable to take it to a local retailer for warranty support . I also confirmed via my Amazon account that it can not be returned to Amazon . What to do , what to do . Well , even though it is only 9 months old , I bought a brand new Optima from my local Autozone that I know will be an easy exchange should I ever have an issue again.Now , on to the battery
 Optima batteries , by virtue of their spiral cell design and construction , there is not a wet - or gel-cell lead-acid battery out there that can compare in terms of charging efficiency and durability . However , do not purchase this through Amazon -- it is NOT an authorized Optima dealer . Only an authorized Optima dealer , where you made your purchase , is obligated to replace a defective Optima battery with a new Optima . Check the Optima website for authorized dealers.The above said , Optima batteries are better purchased at your local auto parts store that is an authorized dealer for the following reasons :1 . In the event of a warranty issue , it will be a simple swap .2 . Eliminate the wait and reduce shipping angst . Although an Optima battery is quite rugged , when shipped in a flimsy cardboard box and then tossed around and dropped by a careless courier , the impact by the battery 's heavy bulk can cause its plastic case and the internal connections to weaken , crack , or break .3 . You can visually inspect a unit for physical damage from mishandling . Missing retaining fingers around the vent covers is a subtle but tell-tale sign that the unit has been mishandled .4 . You can check the voltage before walking out of the store with your new battery.Hint
 I have a 2002 Mazda B3000 -LRB- same as Ford Ranger -RRB- . While the literature says this fits , the battery box is about 1/4 inch too short . I bent the front edge of the box and the battery was a tight fit , but usable . the blue brackets that came with the battery work perfectly with the stock hold downs.The terminals are in the right position for the stock cabling.My OEM battery -LRB- Just over 10 years old -RRB- was getting weaker , so the results are the comparison of really old stock versus new and fresh . The battery really cranks the engine over quickly , and the car is starting well.So the battery does what it is supposed to so far.Warranty
 I have four of these in various cars and they all function quite well . They are a battery that does n't like to sit for long periods of time , at least with the red tops . If the voltage drops down very much a normal battery changer will think the battery is dead and will not charge them . The newer style battery chargers have the ability to charge them . These are very good batteries in hot weather as well where most of the time a battery will only last two to three years .
 Great Battery . I use lots of accessories and with a high output ALT this battery does the job . If you run AMPS etc this is the battery for you . Lots of reserve power for the Optima Yellow Category . I recommend it as your next Battery ...
 I have a 2003 Chevy Silverado that I bought in January 2003 . A year later I replaced the factory battery with a Red top Optima . I live in Phoenix , where the heat usually kills a battery in 1-1 .5 years . Today 's date is 9-3-2010 . I still have that red top Optima in the Silverado !! I just noticed that the cranking is starting to slow . After more than 6.5 years !!!! Now thats quality !! Especially since its been exposed to extreme temperatures , several trips to San Diego , and the 40 mile round trip to work each day !! NEXT BATTERY WILL BE AN OPTIMA !!!
 This battery did everything I wanted . It powered my HDTV during tailgating for four hours and started the truck with no problem . Just what I was looking for .
 I AM A BIG FAN OF OPTIMA BATTERIES . I HAVE HAD SEVERAL OF THEM OVER THE YEARS AND HAVE HAD NO PROBLEMS WITH ONE YET . I CURENTLY HAVE TWO IN MY 05 DODGE DURANGO WITH A CONTINUES DUTY BATTERY ISOLATOR . THE RESERVE POWER ON A GROUPE 34/78 YELLOW AND RED TOP IS A 120 MINUTES . WITH HARD HITTING CLEAN BASS . I HAVE A RED TOP UNDER THE HOOD AND THE YELLOW TOP IN THE BACK AND I ALWAY HAVE CLEAN POWER GOING TO MY AMPS WITHOUT FEAR OF KILLING MY STARTING BATTERY
 Could n't be more happy with this product . The Optima D34/78 YelloTop battery worked perfect in my vehicle . I am in a cold climate and the standard auto supply store batteries -LRB- even the premium versions -RRB- just could n't handle the harsh climate ... they bogged down and simply were not reliable.My only slight concern is that even though the product arrived in good condition , it came only single-boxed with no void fill . I say this because it would be more prudent in my opinion , at least as of this writing -LRB- September 2010 -RRB- , if it were double-boxed and had some sort of void-fill to cushion shipment.In summary , a highly recommended product if you want quality and durability .
 Battery was delivered in just one day after order , using standard shipping which cost just $ 5 . Product was as advertised .
 I love love love this bumper sticker !!!! I have helicopters both on the back and side of my car and this was the perfect sticker for my car . This is also a GREAT gift for Helicopter pilots :-RRB- very nice quality and shipped fast < 3 thanks
 Product exactly as shown . This manufacturer has superior production techniques versus his competition . His part has a nce finish and is dimensionally accurate .
 This adapter was useful , he husband was installing a radio in his car and this came in very handy .
 Does a very job at cutting down on glare and keeping the dash clean . The only small issue with it , is I had to add some extra Velcro when I installed it .
 Goes well with the Jeep it 's on . Looks so funny when it snows . Glad we got two in case we lose one .
 I have had good results with Beck Arnley products in the past . Ordered this one as it has metal end plates inside -LRB- vs paper as in some other filters -RRB- and it is larger -LRB- ie more capacity -RRB- than the standard OEM or other brands .
 I bought three of these off eBay for my riding lawnmower last year . I generally wear out 3-4 belts every summer . I 've tried belts from maybe 8-9 different manufacturers before finding these Goodyear belts . I do n't think I 'll buy another brand of belt again . I installed the first belt and have been mowing with it weekly for nearly six months . It is showing some signs of wear , but the longevity compared to other brands I 've tried is simply astounding . I just bought three more through Amazon and I suspect I 'll replace my mower before I burn through these belts . Money very well spent .
 The gas caps fit exactly perfect on my old bronco , gas is expensive these days better to protect it then lose it .
 Does a very job at cutting down on glare and keeping the dash clean . The only small issue with it , is I had to add some extra Velcro when I installed it .
 These are the best wires I 've had for my cars . I have a set on my other car and they still work perfectly after 120k miles . It was time to replace the original ones on my wife 's Grand AM -LRB- at 60k miles -RRB- , so this was the obvious choice.The only drawback is that the wires are larger -LRB- diameter -RRB- than the stock wires and for that reason they do n't fit in the stock clips . I used high-temperature zip ties to hold them in place.The wires clip on tightly so be sure to use anti-seige compound while installing .
 I installed these on a 2001 3.4 l impala and they work great The car responds better and smoother I would buy this product again
 The covers is smooth and looks good . But I installed on the Steering Wheel of my Dodge Ram and really had to fight to get it on . But when it finally was on I was satisfied .
 Fit was tight , a bit of a trick to get on , but well worth it . Good product and good merchant .
 Good deal ! low price , fast shipping , went on my steering wheel easy and its a good fit .
 Good service but product is a little small for my Ram truck . Got it around steering wheel eventually but does n't cover entirely .
 Bought one because my uncle has one just like it in his truck that has been in there for 7 years and its just starting to fall apart . It does give a little more grip than the wimpy stock steering wheel .
 Everything went as expected . I really appreciate the quality of the product and your fast shipment.Many thanks!Scot Hogan
 It fits snug , and it looks great . Great price for what you get . I would recommend it to others . : -RRB-
 It was a little hard to stretch out but after fighting with it about 5 minutes I got it on and feels great
 tight to get on but thats a good thing you dont want it slipping off , love the color on this and logos , i didnt get it for the feel but feels like a textured leather
 It 's really a wonderful Product but only for Dodge riders , looks great on the steering . I bought it as a gift for my friend who rides a Dodge Ram on his birthday and he 's happy with it .
 I was n't sure what I was going to get when I ordered this . I was pleasantly surprised when it came . I had to put it together , it has 2 different brackets included , 1 for an inch and 1 for a 2 inch trailer hitch . It is a metal cover and looks like it powder coated which is way better then paint . Go Ravens -LRB- next year -RRB-
 This Baltimore Ravens metal hitch plate cover is of high quality medal , with detailed art work . It came just as described and at an excellent value . This same product was found on other websites at three times the price of what I paid for it . I 'm ecstatic with the product !
 Works precisely as described . Has held up well so far . I 'll be interested to see how it fares in the snow and ice .
 very easy to put on . wish I was told that I needed to purchase the bolt to keep it in place . Luckily I had from my hitch that I used . Other than that I like it .
 The Mann Automotive Filter Set C 3698-2 included two filters at a great price of $ 30.56 and the shipping was free . Even though I used the free super savings shipping , it only took a week as less to get them . The Mann filters ordered are the original that came in our new 2006 C230 Mercedes Benz . Mann filters are quality products actually made in Germany . I think the recommended miles before the filters on our car have to be changed is 50,000 and it is best to stick with the original filters if they are Mann . I compared prices of aftermarket filters and the prices were essentially as high or even higher . I did not have to pay taxes on the Mann filters either . I also use the original Mann oil filter for the Benz which is about the same price as a WIX brand . I am a degreed engineer who is very particular about things and have actually worked on many projects with the Germans . German companies tend to take pride in manufacturing quality products . I have been very pleased with the service and pricing from Amazon over the years . Even though there is more to changing the two filters in our Benz compared to most cars , it was not difficult and only took about 10 or 15 minutes after I read the procedure . Keep up the good customer service Amazon ! I hope this review helps those who read it . DW
 This beats $ 150 EXTRA at the dealer . For DIY-ers ... this can only be installed one way , so do n't sweat doing it yourself .
 bought to replace air filters for 2002 c240 benz - perfect fit ... replacing took 15 mins
 2006 Mercedes , C280 4matic
 i struck gold when i researched these engine intake air filters for my mom 's mercedes wagon.amazon wherehouse deals had them brand new for a used price.i scooped them up right away.amazon rocks as always.i have been a regular customer for many years , and it has always been a pleasure.this is the oem replacement for my mom 's 2002 c320 wagon.i 'm replacing the old ones with my purchase tomorrow.the new filters arrived today , and what a good feeling it is to know that i 'll be doing the job myself instead of the mercedes dealer or independent import garage.either one charges way too much for such a simple task.i learned how to do it online.thanks to amazon , i 'm saving on the filters , and doing it myself.by the way , i researched mann filters , and now know the efficiency and quality of the product.nuff said .
 I have relied on the Mann brand since 2003 , for use as air and oil filters on my Mercedes S-430 . They have always worked well . It is important that the filters fit , and that they remove the really small particles that can wear down your engine .
 Saved myself big bucks over going to the dealer , what a big difference changing your filters makes I thought it was the different fuels or that I had purchased bad gas somewhere.Flat out awesome !!!
 I was successfully able to install them myself . However , these were not easy ones to install in R-Class . The engine goes far back into the hood which makes reach a little harder . There is also a single metal clamp in the middle at the back of engine cover that makes it precise fit -LRB- it reminds me of my childhood lunch box clamp -RRB- . Do it in daytime and outdoors so that you can see well.Looked at 2-3 Youtube videos and downloaded PDF instruction with photos from an MB forum . Finally was able to install it but took me couple of hours . I advice shooting a video yourself while removing the old ones from beginning , so that you can playback to see how it should go when installing it back . Shoot all sides of engine -- front , back , both sides , and see if you can zoom on the 4 clamps underneath the engine -LRB- like , one in each corner of rectangluar -RRB- . Video record the fitting of two air intake hoses slowly and fully lengthwise . One of mine got pulled from the front grill instead of engine cover . Was n't an issue however . Just observe how they go in the front grill as well , just in case , especially the orientation and the fitting . You might need a second person to assist on some points though you can do it all by yourself as well especially if you are tall and have a long reach . Good luck !
 Its a great product and was an easy install in the vehicle . Just like OEM parts and has directions in the box .
 Good fit for 2009 c300 Benz will order this product again.why do u put a limit on how many words to type before I can . Submit ?
 In case you were n't clear this is a CABIN FILTER , not an engine air filter . That fact is not clear in the literature or I did n't read closely enough . It 's not activated carbon , just a particle filter built to OEM specs .
 These filters fit my 2010 glk350 , came in perfect condition . One thing to note is that the amazon model number is listed as the old C3698-2 , whereas the Mann website listed it as C3698/3 -2 . The later number is just updated , the filters should be the same , but to confirm , amazon actually ships the / 3 - 2 , see my pic in the product image gallery . At first I was n't sure if they were going to ship the older filter or the new one .
 I 've used several Mann filters on my Mercedes GL450 , C320 , and BMW M3 . They fit perfectly . Much better deal than factory filters .
 I popped off the top filter cover , unscrewed the two covers and the filters popped right into place ! I would definitely by this item again .
 The filters fit my 2007 Mercedes Benz 350 CLK perfectly . The price is much better than the dealer . It was an easy install . All products for this vehicle that I have bought from Amazon were great values and worked well . Some were huge savings .
 I just installed this filter on my 2008 Mercedes Benz C350 . Mann filter is identical to Mercedes original filter except for the Mercedes Benz logo . Filter purchase in set of 2 . You will need both to replace the old filters . Very easy to install .
 this set of filters fits the 2010 C350 and seem to be very well made . Save your money and get it from here instead .
 just as expected , mann , german made product is pure quality . even though they are just air filters , you can tell the difference . i purchased this for my 2003 sl500 which hadnt had the filters changed for a while . super easy to change , with a little research on line . saved big bucks , im sure , at dealership . would definitely buy mann again
 This is an easy install on the 2004 Mercedes C240 4matic and should be similar on the other w203 chassis cars . Open the hood , pull up and forward on the front engine cover , lift the back engine cover , flip the back engine cover , unbolt the torx bolts , remove the old filters , clean the crud out of the area , insert new filters and reverse procedure to re-install . Been using Mann genuine German filters for decades . Great fit and quality .
 Bought these for a 2005 C240 . Fit perfectly . It takes 10 minutes to replace the 2 filters which means I save a ton of money instead of having a dealer do it .
 I bought these for a 2006 Mercedes ML 350 . I think these are the factory model filters and they were identical to the ones I replaced . Replacement is fairly easy , and at ~ $ 30 including shipping it was definitely a better deal than paying the dealer $ 100 + for the same job .
 I was recently told by the dealer that it was time to replace my air filters and they wanted an extra $ 80 to do the job . I had heard that the MB filters were made by Mann and simply reboxed so I decided to check them out . It was an easy job to do -LRB- 15-20 mins max -RRB- and these fit perfectly . I compared the MB branded filters to these and they are exactly the same , minus the MB logo inked onto the side of the element . I feel great having saved the extra money by doing it myself . Be prepared for a TON of stuff to be caught in your filter box though . These filters keep everything out so I found piles of sand , salt , debris , an entire dragonfly , and God knows what else resting in the bottom of my air housing . Have a shop vac ready to clean it all out before reinstalling . Save yourself the cash and do the job yourself ... it 's easy !
 I purchased these to replace the air filters that came factory installed on my 2009 ML350 . To my surprise , when removing the old filters from the intake housing , Mercedes has actually molded the Mann logo into the the plastic - go figure ! The Mercedes OEM filters are also emblazoned with the Mann logo and the C3698 part number . If you want to save yourself a good amount of cash , buy these filters from Amazon - not your local dealership . In case you 're wondering how to change the air filters in your Mercedes , take a look at this instructional video I found on -LSB- ... -RSB- I 'll definitely be back to buy these again . A big thanks to Amazon for such a great value on Mercedes replacement parts .
 Save yourself some coin and use the MANN filters on your MBZ - the air intake shroud on my '08 E350 actually has `` MANN '' labeling in the plastic stamping . Fit perfect .
 This is the same air filter as the Mercedes air filter . Mann makes them for Mercedes and rebrands them as their own . Plus the Amazon price rocks over anyone !!!
 These are identical to the OEM Mercedes Benz factory-installed filters , at a fraction of the price the dealership charges for replacement .
 These fit my 2008 SLK 55 AMG perfectly they are OEM filters so no problem with factory warranty . They were shipped quickly and packaged safely . Buy these filters with confidence !
 I switched to K&N ; filters for my CLK 500 thinking they would be better , especially after reading so many positive reviews about them . After a few weeks of headaches I switched back to these filters and will never go back . These air filters are awesome . The car is a pleasure to drive with these installed.The package come with a set of 2 filters and an instruction leaflet . Made in Germany .
 After a lot of research I ordered Mann . in the process of changing -LRB- which turned out to be much easier than expected -RRB- , the old ones were the same make.Good luck to others trying this replacement .
 The air filters for Mercedes 112 engines must let clean air in , and reject harmful particulates from entering the combustion chambers . These are made by the same company that makes the plastic holder they mount in . They are high quality paper combined with well moulded seals that fit perfectly . Put these in and drive 24,000 miles without a care . These are the very best you can install .
 Pros : - OEM Fitted - High quality product - Good PriceCons : N/A
 Changing out the fuel filter IAW the owner 's manual on my car is the reason that my car still drives great with 250,000 miles on it .
 Exact OEM replacement in Delco packaging . Finally , went back to OEM after Autozone replacements kept failing in 20k miles.Sometimes it 's better to spend the litte extra
 Order was received quickly . The code for my chevy silverado said my issue was the o2 sensor behind the converter on the passenger side . Was able to break loose the old one with some help of a penetrating oil . Replace with this sensor and the trouble code was solved . Also believe my gas mileage has improved since replacing the sensor . This sensor was a direct fit and appears more robust than the OEM .
 I bought a Bosch 13474 originally for my 2001 Chevy Silverado because Amazon told me it fit my car . Well it did fit but the connector fit in backwards and was giving low voltage readings . It turned out the correct part , Bosch 13193 had the correct connector . Oddly Amazon and other sites list this as not fitting my vehicle . This does fit my 2001 Chevy SilveradoMoral of the story is to go under your vehicle , take a look at the wiring connector and check the notching to see if it matches up with this part .
 This sensor is OE fit so you know you wo n't have any bad surprise . It replaces the O2 sensor located before the catalyst.It comes with coated thread which is nice . Amazon sells it a bit cheaper than your regular auto part store which is nice as well.This sensor is pretty ` tall ' and does n't bend too much , so a regular side slotted O2 socket may not fit on it . You may have to use an offset socket to install it .
 Engine Light is gone after 2 days of driving after replacement.I did not have to reset or disconnect the battery to reset the light.Exact fit with quality ... . Paid less than $ 40 .
 Service was great . Product came quickly and was exactly what I ordered.Would use company again . No negetivity what so ever .
 The sensor instantly cleared my check service now light and seems to have worked flawlessly since . Exact fitment made it easy on my 2001 Silverado . Anyone who has a 3/4 '' open end wrench and has ever put together any legos together in their life could make this work .
 Saved $ 30 compared to purchasing locally . This was an exact replacement for my 2001 Chevy Malibu .
 The check engine light remained out after I replaced the oxygen sensors in my Ford Expedition . Beware , some vendors will tell you that the front and back sensors are the same , but they are different parts .
 This item was exactly what I needed . They were a perfect replacement for the upstream sensors on my Silverado . I would recommend them and I got them for a great price .
 I installed a pair on my old Civic . I can easily see that they are much brighter than the original Honda lamps . So , I bought one more pair for my wife 's CR-V . She is happy because she can see better at night . I hope that they will last long.Update
 Great improvement over the stock lights that were in my car . High beams are super bright !
 I had a stock light in my 1995 Sportster and i just changed it to this last spring , wow what a difference , it lights the whole road up evenly and nicely and my light looks like an eagle eye now sweet ! I would buy again !
 I do mostly daytime driving , so I do n't use my headlights very much . Nevertheless , the 9003CB has been working just fine ; it matches the other headlight . Ca n't say I 'm too impressed with them , altogether , but for the price , it 's not a bad deal.Very easy to replace -- do it yourself if you want to save money . A mechanic was going to charge me $ 40 to replace it ... I did it in about 15 minutes .
 i only needed to replace one light on my '95 Subaru , WOW , one side projects a bright white light and the other side is the dirty tan light . Side-by-side Cool Blue is great , i now have to change the other bulb since it looks so bad . Cool Blue is even bright when i drive in winter weather when the lights are covered from road salt and dirt . If you have headlights that only look OK when no other lights are around , it 's time to upgrade to Cool Blue .
 Installed these on my Tacoma and it made a big differnce . My truck is 10 years old and had the factory blubs . At night I was having a hard time seeing and the light did n't seem to project out far enough . After installing these lights , polishing the plastic lens , and reaiming the headlights , it 's like night and day -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- I 'm very happy with the results and actually look forward to driving at night .
 Sadly these are discontinued so buy em now ! I believe these lights are MUCH better than the silver star lights and a HUGE improvement over the standard halogens . The xtra vision thats still around just suck in my opinion , sure there 's no single beam with those but you get 3 dimmer ones scattered about ... the Cool blue ones have a nice large bright spot but also throws some of the light to the sides so you can spot deer in ditches etc. . I live out in the sticks and have seen deer well in advance with these lights i can brake just a bit more than normal braking and stop well enough in time before hitting anything . Fit great and i finally had one die after 7 years . yes 7 years the lowbeam finally died . Then i wanted another cool blue to replace it and had to buy it online.I have tried the sylvania silverstars and while the light output is about equal if not very slightly brighter mine barely lasted a year before the lamp melted a hole in itself ... -LRB- the bulb itself not the sealed beam part -RRB- waste of $ 40 IMO . The cool blue is a much better bang for your buck !
 Built like OEM with a metal `` frame '' - necessary feature when the engine is at high end RPM so the filter edges do n't get sucked in when it begins to get restricted !
 just a spring but looks so much better than the rusty pos that was on my engine if you like chrome get it .
 These have been a favorite of mine for a while now , and for the price on Amazon , I would definitely recommend them.PROS : - Bright `` HID '' -LRB- High Intensity Display -RRB- Look - Easy InstallCONS : - If not handled properly during install they can burn out quickly - Not as bright as `` True HID ''
 This product was great for the price at the time , but considering I changed just one headlight , when I turn both on , I do see the difference in the intensity of light . Otherwise , works nice for the past few months .
 I have used these and my last set lasted some time well over two years if not more I believe . These were shipped super fast .
 I had doubts that this timing belt could be so cheep and acutely be for my car . every thing else was at least $ 12 + and in reality with shipping this one was about that much . Install was quick and easy . looks cheep feels cheep and works just fine . I am usually apprehensive about buying car parts online because i ca n't compare them side by side to make sure it is exactly the same , the risk here was small so i went for it . It fit , car is running again and i will likely be buying more car parts from amazon .
 Had one bar that was bent wrong and after calling the supplier and sending a picture of the part they shipped out a replacement part without any hassle . The fit was perfect and the end result looks great . I would not use any other cage for my jeep .
 Amazon is great , I got this obscure little shifter knob cheaper than many catalogs AND I got it shipped free and received in two days . AWESOME !
 For small dents with little or no creases this si the best . It 's inexpensive and verssatiile you can suction it on pull with tremendous force and move it around to pop out dents . Works great for the right type of dent , one that has been pushed in and needs to be popped out . The price and delivery was excellent .
 I bought this for my 2001 PT Cruiser , which had a dent on the door panel . It pulled the dent out on the first try . for the price you cant beat it , it is a very powerful suction cup . I was very satisfied.It does n't , however , work on dents on an angular surface , it has to be used on a relativly smooth area .
 This was well worth its price . It worked like a charm . Could n't belive the amount of money I saved in buying this little guy compared to the estimate I got to repair the dent on my car .
 I did not personally use this product , my daughter beat me to it ! I had put a dent in the side of my car -LRB- rear passenger door -RRB- and hated that it was `` marred '' , so I found this suction cup puller on line and decided that , for the price , what could I lose ? I got home one day and the side of my car looked beautiful again ! My daughter said it was not difficult and after a couple of tries to get it right , the dent pulled right out . There 's still a small spot that needs some work , which I plan to try , but it 's on a curve and hard to get to . Overall , this worked exactly like I needed it to .
 So I got hit in a parking lot by an old man and saw the big dent in my car , but felt bad for him so I let him go . Dent was sizable , maybe the size of my hand or so . I bought this suction cup about 5 days later at my local autoparts store , and used it the first time ... . nothing . I would finally get a suction -LRB- difficult on a curved surface -RRB- and get a good pull , then it would just pop off without the dent moving.I must have done that 12 or 15 times before finally ... POP ! 85 % of my dent came out on that pull . After that , I still had a small dent dead center that I do n't think I 'm getting anytime soon . I will need something smaller , like Pops-A-Dent for that one . But in general , if you have the patience -LRB- and the finger strength ! -RRB- then this may work for you .
 I use this for a small gas can bungeed down , and works great for me .
 I purchased these `` cool blue '' headlights for my 2005 Outback which uses the standard H7 bulbs . Sure many complain that they want the cool `` blue '' effect which you have to look carefully . There is a hint of blue when your driving at night with these bad boys on . The lights are 25 % brighter than stock which I am very happy to have . You ca n't have them too bright because they will blind some people rear view mirrors . In short I am happy with them so far as for reliability I brought the same cool blue for my late 99 Outback which the bulb life lasted me 4 years until one blewed out on me . -LRB- 99 Outbacks uses a 9007 combination of high/low beam with the same bulb -RRB- .
 Great product.Just installed it on my car and so far I like them a lot .
 replaced for my stock foglight because my original stock was sylvania 9006 regular light bulbs . I saw some people rather pay $ 25 dollars to buy the korean nokya yellow bulb instead . I saw the nokya and it is not as bright as the piaa plasma ion yellow . Piaa one can provide around 90-100watts output but the nokya only around 55w . In the raining and snow condition , 55w is not really helping i think . Since i had couple experiences of piaa light bulb , i rather used them to save me trouble to replace it .
 I purchased these bulbs for my DRL 's and love them . It is great having something different than the standard white DRL 's from the factory . The bulbs give off a yellow purple hue from different angles . I am completely satisfied .
 it 's okay replacement lens , for my goggle.it 's cheap and easy to replace . others too expensive ...
 fast shiping , and good purchaise Do explain why you liked or disliked this product . Do compare to similar products and share how long you 've used this product .
 good product king of hard to fit but afther that work great , good sun protect no to dark good view rcoment this item
 This lens fits perfectly in my Crowbar frame , if its your first time installing a replacement lens dont get frustrated it takes a little finess to get them locked in to the attaching points . I used this lens at the Oregon dunes on a bright 85 degree day . Worked great and gave me excellend depth perception for the different sand depths and ridges . They are not as dark as they look in the picture but still provid excellent sun blockage . As good as a pair of Oakley sunglasses when it comes to sun blockage . Great set of lens , would recomment , buy again .
 Exactly as described . Took a little longer to receive but the sellers were great to buy from . I would definitely buy from them again .
 There super sick !!! They make everything an awesome color . And its the best lense I 've ever skied/snowboarded with !!!! You should deffinently get them !
 Good product , you need these to use aftermarket speakers . Amazon makes it easy to find everything you need , at a good price .
 Works great on my moped -LRB- although its a little on the big side -RRB- . The plastic is clear so you can get a great view of the fuel going through and can check for contaminants . The housing is sturdy and quality plastic . I 've bought $ 15 ones that are not as good . Overall a great buy .
 tenia unas bosch plus y senti mucho la diferencia cuando el motor esta a ralenti y en las marchas altas , ademas el olor del humo es menos fuerte , las use en un chevrolet sprint , puedo decir que mejoro el rendimiento entre un 20 y 30 % .
 Fits on the 94 z28 perfectly . Nice and solid product . Perfect size . Wish i would have gotten the white one instead , to offset the gray/black interior , but it will be in the car for a long time to come
 Recently the shifter in my 04 GTO started to rattle . I was planning on a short throw shifter that had a threaded shaft so I needed a new shift knob . This one was perfect . Black , 6 speed shift patter and no logos on it -LRB- some Hurst knobs have the logo on the side -RRB- . So far this shift knob has worked perfectly and fits in my hand very well . Also Amazon was about $ 15 cheaper -LRB- $ 30 vs $ 45 -RRB- compared to other places I looked .
 good product exactly what i needed to go on my Rialta motor home and about 50 bucks cheeper same item
 Mann-Filter H829 for Mercedes SL500 . Fit fine good price , quick shipping . Easy to install but requires removal of oil drip pan under motor .
 The original switches came with two tiny Hurst logos and silver tape to secure the wire on the shift arm . The wires are shorter than the original as well . None of this insurmountable but a shame they are gone . Otherwise the switch seems well built and works installed in an original Hurst Roll Control system on a 4-speed shifter handle .
 Good quality product , nice tight fit when put together it works perfect for the application I needed it for , I have used Hopkins products for years I 'm so glad they still make a quality product .
 Works great ! Used it on my seeder and 12 volt sprayer . I 'm changing over some of my other items .
 I needed a new connector for a Battery Tender cable.I cut the bad connector off the Battery Tender cable , cut this extension in half , and spliced the half onto the Battery Tender cable.Inexpensive repair .
 This item allows me to connect two items that had wires that were just a bit too far apart . How neat is that !
 I purchased this and used it as &#34; pigtail &#34; for my motorcycle battery . Connecting the battery trickle charger is now a breeze .
 I found this to be a great value . I cut them in half and wired/soldered each half to an extension cord that i had cut the ends off.I bought several , as making the battery pigtails and the extension to connect was a super cheap way to keep all my motorcycle batteries topped off . It can reach anywhere in the garage and I do n't have to move the bikes next to the charger anymore!They appear very well made and I have not had any problem at all .
 what I needed was rewireable or pigtail 2-pin connectors but those do n't seem easy to find . maybe if there was an RV store near me , but ... but honestly finding this was even better . and the price is unbelievable . -LRB- what I really needed these for , is to cut in half and reverse the polarity . yeah , I know , danger will robinson . but it turns out that chaining up certain other connectors on my solar system results in wrong polarity in the first place , so to fix that ... yeah , it scares me too . -RRB-
 As good as advertised . Great workmanship . Although I have not installed them yet , just by the looks and quality of the materials used , I 'm sure I 'll be happy with them .
 I am using these connectors to attach the power line from my fishfinder to the battery . I cut the connector at the midpoint to create two pigtails , one attaches to the battery , the other is permanently attached to the power cable on my fishfinder . They work quite well , especially for the very low price .
 I 've bought two of these so far and they both work great ! I cut one in half to make a dual connector battery harness and the other works great as a short extension . The connectors are a very tight fit , making a secure connection though at the cost of being hard to disconnect .
 This is a quality product at a fair price . I would highly recomment it and I will probably order more of the same when the need arises .
 Pretty basic design executed well . Good and tight fit with a quality feeling rubber shielding the metal . The wire seems pretty thick . I have n't spliced it so i 'm not sure if its a copper or aluminum wire . I guess they could have made it of poorer quality and it would still work but for this one they decided to take an extra step and should last a long time without issues .
 This is a good price for a well made item . For my application I needed two SAE connectors for a battery charging setup . Bought this cable , cut it in half and that gave me the needed parts for splicing/soldering . One reviewer was n't sure if these were aluminum or copper wires . The wires are copper .
 I actually use these for connecting solar panels to regulators on 12 volt applications . They work great , and make my panels much more useful to keep my stored vehicles batteries topped off . I am very pleased and would recommend these . They are well constructed and keep good connections . I imagine they would work well as they are intended -LRB- trailer lights -RRB- . They are a great items for the price . I purchased four and have had no problems with any of them .
 Use this type of connector for fish finder power wiring connections on a kayak . This one is great - waterproof enough and easy to wire up due to the color coding - sometimes it is tough to keep things straight . These a inexpensive enough to use more than one to make my wiring modular and easy to change .
 Perfect water resistant electrical connector for my low voltage units . When used with dielectric grease it is perfect for boat/kayak applications , even in salt water .
 I cut this extention in half and either solder and use shrink tube or use but connectors with shrink tube and have used it on my bikes or vehicles ove the years as add on accessory disconnects . I use the red as positive and the white as negative and the exposed white connetor with the covered red connector to connect to the battery to protect the wire from shorting out .
 Since I got my Hopkins 47965 2-pole extension , my wife and kids came back to me , I got a promotion at work , my dog loves me again ... . its an extension ... . it extends !
 this extension was very useful for a TORO Super Recycler mower with electric start my friend had purchased used . the charger for the electric starter had been lost by the previous owner . i thought she could use a Battery Tender which is much cheaper than the TORO charger . i did not know the TORO charger leads are reversed , so the Battery Tender would not work . I used this extension by cutting the 2 wires in the middle & crossing them over -LRB- red to white , white to red -RRB- to allow the Battery Tender to charge the battery . i crimped the leads & used heat shrink . it worked perfectly ~ ! AND , the Battery Tender can still be used normally for other batteries since the only thing i changed was this short extension . I marked the extension `` TORO '' to keep from accidently using it for something else . If it were used to try to charge a normal Battery Tender hookup , the Battery Tender would just not charge since it recognizes reversed leads as an error . i thought this was a very cost effective solution .
 works good nice product no cons just pros its a wire what can i say it does the job good
 This works great and is very reasonably priced . I used these to connect speakers on my motorcycle to make a custom sound .
 useing for a quick disconnect for my old apelco marine vhf radio , does the job just fine for my purposes
 I love this keychain . I was worried that it was going to be small but its not , its such a perfect size . It def looks like its going to last . This is the keychain to buy !
 This item was ordered just a couple of weeks before Christmas . It arrived in plenty of time . It looks great .
 Okay , so I bought this as a stocking stuffer for my DC-obsessed hubby . I ended up giving it to him early and I was impressed . It is very high quality and has some weight to it . I could see this lasting for many years .
 Got this for my boyfriend , did n't feel cheap , seem like it will be durable . Looks awesome to , I purchased the pink one for myself .
 I bought this item with some products . I stick it with my USB . The S letter refelects for Superman . He is one of supper hero I love . It is beautiful . Shipping is fast .
 Nice looking key chain ! For some reason I thought it was going to be much bigger judging by the picture -LRB- not that I wanted it too big -RRB- , but its great in size and it looks so badasS . Very well made . Highly recommend this to any superman fans or just to any one that wants to carry the `` S '' wherever you go !
 The item looks exactly like the picture and is exactly as it is described . I got it for a present and was happy to know I got exactly what I was expecting and the person receiving it loved it .
 I really like this key chain . It has a very nice finish and feels of sound quality . The price was excellent . If you are considering it , buy it !
 Love it ! Love it ! Love it ! Sturdy product . Tolerates all the dropping and banging around of my keys , and it just looks cool !!! The black and silver is intact -LRB- no chipping anywhere -RRB- . I may have to order a spare if , heaven forbid , it ever wears out !
 This key chain looks good and is about the right size for me . It 's ruggedly built as well . The clip allows me to attach a radio key that is too thick for the key ring.I 'd recommend this key chain .
 just got it in a padded envelope not scratches tho thank godit looks great feels sturdy and the back has a smaller engraved `` S `` as a authenticity stamp i guess , but all round very happy with it
 Inexpensive yet elegant little keychain that does not feel cheap by any means . Feels as though it may be able to take a bullet but I would n't recommend it .
 I bought this about 5 years ago for my husband and I am glad to say it still looks good .
 Pretty good key chain . I just wish the back did n't have the logo of the company .
 Good key ring . I 've had it for a few weeks and the keychain is quite sturdy and still looks great
 Bought this for a friend who is a superhero fanatic . Exactly as shown . Solid piece of metal and I hope durable .
 The service was very good , the product arrived as request.The product was excellent , and was sent on the date specified , and their arrival was equally efficient .
 This is just fun and who does n't like Superman , It is also my inital so for those not in the know its just vanity , and then theres my secret identity
 It is perfect just like it looks . There is nothing fancy about it , plain and simple , but awesome ! I recommend it !
 Shipped fast , and she loves it . Would recommend seller to a friend . . It was nice that this was grouped with the blanket I decided to buy as a late Christmas gift .
 as expectedthe rest of the words I am typing here are to meet the 18 word requirement to make a comment
 I was looking to replace platinum plugs on my Infiniti after 95k miles . I tend to over analyze a lot of purchases and found plugs to be no different . I founds ones ranging in price from $ 1 to $ 15 each . In the end , i found some resources online that showed this plug to generate on average 2hp more than a baseline test . i can not speak to the accuracy of that information , but can tell you from experience that switching plugs can have HP effects -LRB- I just ca n't verify anything about this particular plug without using a dyno -RRB- . The biggest and defensible difference is that gas milieage has increased . On my old plugs , over a 13,000 mile span i averaged 18.7 mpg . With these plugs over a 4,000 mile span i 'm averaging 19.2 mpg . This is with no change in driving patterns . This is a 2.67 % increase in mileage and with my annual driving i 'm estimating that this translates into an annual fuel savings of ~ $ 80 . This fact by itself makes these plugs worth it.one other added benefit is that my car seems to have smoother accleration from a dead stop . not more split second delay and very slight jerk.of course all of these benefits could just be the fact that my old plugs were work and these are new and i would have seen the same results regardless what kind of plugs i got . i can only say that i 'm happy with these particular ones .
 Six of these NGK Iridium Platinum-tipped spark-plug will be needed at the 105,000-mile service for the 2002 Maxima -LRB- 3.5 L V6 Gas DOHC -RRB- . Replacing the 2002-Maxima spark plugs is very laborious so having the dealer or your trusted car-mechanic do it for you makes sense . I recommend buying six of the NGK Iridium plugs from Amazon because otherwise , your mechanic will charge you the full list-price when they do the 105,000 mile service .
 Used in my Nissan Sentra SE-R Spec V. Apparently it 's very close to what Nissan puts in stock . Gap was preset , fit properly , have n't had any issues with them .
 This is great item for my car work great.MY car like brand new after i replace these spark plug.Thank You .
 I was looking to change my spark plugs on my 350z and knew I was going to get NGK I went to my local auto parts store and it was ridicules how much they where charging for them I 'm glad I went to look under my amazon prime account and found them for cheaper then at the store . Great job amazon got them shipped the next day for 3.99
 these plugs works really good from the time you install them you can fell the proformance in your car . got them for my nissan wingroad 03 japan import this is the second time am buying these plugs smart way to save fuel ...
 I have a 1993 325iS BMW and this sensor is not designed to be replaced easily by a Do It Yourself individual . After getting it replace , my engine light disappeared after a few miles ... but my car is still not running as smoothly as I want . Everything O2 sensor related seems to be working as promised . The O2 engine engine code occurred after 127k miles ; however , I 'm unsure if it was ever replaced by the prior owner of the vehicle.Anyway , it was replace , it works , I 'm happy .
 Perfect fit , and turned off the check engine light . It looked like the old one was orginal , and this one gives me alot better gas milage too .
 Perfect fit for a 95 M3 and im pretty sure this is what the factory uses as well . It it also already had the anti-seize lubricant on it .
 Plugs right in , no problem . Actually , the only problem was getting the old one out ... This new one also had anti-sieze on it out of the box so that was a good surprise .
 Last year as part of routine maintenance I replaced my BMW O2 sensor with a universal sensor . That was a big mistake I paid for during my recent smog test . I noticed the universal sensor did n't reduce the black soot on the exhaust pipe , but the car seemed to be running fine with no visible smoke/smell and no engine check light , so I concluded there was no problem.The Ca smog test revealed the universal sensor clearly was n't doing its job , and the year plus elevated hydrocarbon level had eventually done in my catalytic converter . Part of the problem may have been in trying to figure out the wiring on the universal sensor by using a digital ohm meter . I learned later the voltage applied to the sensor by such a meter can potentially ruin the very thin and sensitive O2 detecting layers.Or it just may have been the universal sensor was n't precise enough to keep the O2 in an exceptionally narrow band required to pass smog inspection . It literally has to be accurate to less than 1 % . That is asking a great deal from a sensor which may not have been designed for the specific airflow and temperature characteristics of your car 's exhaust . It is like having a spark plug that is too hot or too cold for your particular car 's engine . It may fit but that does n't mean it is doing its job the right way.While investigating all possible fixes for the smog retest , I learned that when the engine computer does n't get what it thinks is a credible signal from the O2 sensor , it will just ignore the input and adjust for a richer fuel mixture to ensure the car will continue to run well and avoid knocking . In addition , when O2 sensors start to fail they will tend to do so in a way that fools the engine computer into thinking the car is running leaner than it actually is . Either way more hydrocarbons are being dumped into the catalytic converter greatly shortening its life.OBD2 systems may have an O2 sensor after the converter to tell if it still working . However , by the time it registers an engine check light , your converter is likely on its last legs . The bottom line it is a good idea to replace the O2 sensor well in advance of its average life in order to avoid the possibility of a nasty big emissions repair bill and possible engine damage from carbon buildup.After putting in this Bosch sensor designed for this specific car , replacing the catalytic converter , and using an injector/carbon cleaner in the gas tank , this car with nearly 200,000 miles passed the tough California smog test with plenty of margin . And the black soot is finally totally gone . The Bosch sensor may cost twice as much as a universal O2 sensor , but that is a trivial amount by comparison to replacing a catalytic converter and the hassle of doing so including retesting the car.Next time I plan to replace the OE specific O2 sensor right before the smog test . It is a small upfront insurance not to have to repeat that painful experience again .
 I enjoy ordering from amazon . The quality is always good and the vendors are exceptional . I received the oxygen sensor in a timely manner and it is just as I had hoped , good working condition and made my repair job easy .
 got tired of borrowing my brothers , so got one of my own , we have used his for years without fail . great unit
 This tracer dye is a must for troubleshooting hard to find leaks in your coolant system . Use a UV light to make the leaks easier to find . You can also get away with not using the whole bottle per system .
 I was at wits end searching out an obvious gasoline leak on my recently purchased '89 Prelude . The odor was finding it 's way into the cab , not good . I was n't too concerned about a fire - and knew it was somewhere in the engine compartment . I was certain the leak was subtle but boiling off a hot surface . I recieved the dyes and additionally had ordered the flash-light like multi-UV LED light . After dumping a single 1oz bottle of dye into the gas tank , filling the tak , driving around a bit running errands - so as to churn the dye and mix it , I got home , parked the vehicle and popped the hood . I started the engine and , with near night elminating most external light coming into the garage , closed off the garage , hit the UV light and found the leak in perhaps a whole 5 seconds . -LRB- It was a fuel injector seal - a single FI -RRB- . No other leaks were visible , and I anticipate a relatively simple fix -LRB- O-ring , most likely -RRB- . The box of dyes included 6 bottles , so I have 5 remaining for any future needs.My advise - do n't fool around and get a box of dye and if you do n't have a black light or some sort of UV light - drop the 12 or so dollars and grab one ... BP
 Fit the OEM clip great . Car improved 3.5 MPG . The hardest part is removing the old sensors . These went in fine with a little anti-sieze
 I had a bad O2 Sensor for my 95 Nissan Maxima . I ordered this one from Amazon . After I installed in my car , it is running perfect now . I replaced the same O2 at 100k miles . Now , it is 200k , I replaced the same O2 sensor from Bosch .
 Very good , it arrived on time so that I can work on the weekend . After I installed it the diagnostic code went away .
 High quality sensor and wiring . The clips were precise . I would expect nothing less from our German friends ! Go Bosch for OEM ... they do their homework .
 Price was outstanding , Service was as within 7-14 days as requested , Part was as order , will use Amazon for the next order . Very pleased with outcome . Can not ask for anything better , you will have me returning soon for more parts . Thank you Amazon.Bosch 13242 Oxygen Sensor , OE Type Fitment -RSB- , -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000C9RY5I ACDelco 4K353 Fan Belt
 OEM GM part , direct fit , solved defroster issue , got radio reception back . Need I say more ? ... apparently I do because it wo n't let me submit the review without putting more words . That should do it ...
 I was having an odd electrical issue with my 01 Monte Carlo SS
 This is the same stuff as the much more expensive zain product , This stuff smells like walking into the Coach purse store !
 My grandson Tanner is a BIG lover of the Cubs ... so he 's very happy with all the decals and logos that are on his wall ... good quality and price . .
 The decal I purchased was a heavy , good quality with true colors that have not faded . Good size and easy to apply.Go Cubs!Jennifer Slater , author -LSB- ... -RSB- Silver Lining
 I received this with in days of when I ordered it . It was exactly what I ordered and I love it !
 These disconnects work well on a variety of A/C , transmission and fuel lines . The color coding is very helpful . I prefer this shorter design to the longer `` Lisle style '' , these seem to work better .
 My son 's 2002 Honda Civic had brake squeal and grinding for quite awhile even though brake shoes replaced . I decided to change the shoes & drums . My first mistake was using a brake shoe spring pliers , took over 3 hours for the first side , finally got smart and threw the spring pliers away , other side took less than 1 hour . Bleed the brakes , test drove , works great and no squeal or grinding noise . The picture for the Wagner PAB576 brake shoe set is not the brake shoes but , the part # is right . Brake shoes are difficult to change but , the spring pliers made it a pain in the butt . I have no complaints with the shoes themselves , they are working as advertised so far . I 'd recommend these Wagner shoes
 These brake shoes are excellent - and quiet ! I used these to replace the squeaky ones on my 2001 Honda Civic EX Coupe .
 Very good quality merchandise at a great price for a name brand . Smooth and quiet stopping has been restored to my vehicle with this product .
 NEW Original OEM Parts . I had a mechanic install cables and did not hear of any issues with cables being to short or not having the correct connections .
 This fit my 2004 Mazda Tribute perfectly after the cap I did have froze closed and I broke it trying to fill it up .
 Its a gas cap . It works
 I have to say I did not buy this for its intended use as a windshield sun screen but rather as a cheap portable solar parabolic cooker . I curled it up and put it on the ground pointed toward the sun with a small black pot supported by three stones . After 15 minutes the water was piping hot and I made some tea . I imagine I could have boiled the water if I put the pot inside an `` oven bag '' . Ca n't say how it would do as a sun shield , but the material is very thin.I 've also used this product as a thermal window covering to deflect the heat .
 As a commuter , I 've used this small Dowco daily for almost a year , still in fantastic shape . It 's my most versatile bag that does not require a sissy bar nor a luggage rack nor saddle bags . == Interior has three small netted -LRB- open -RRB- compartments at the rear and on each side , and each one can hold the equivalent of a cell phone , wallet , keys , multitool . The bag is short and shallow , holds a pair of jeans folded square with a couple of shirts , and other textile items etc. . I carry a lightweight rain suit , extra socks , cell phone charger , MP3 player , Kindle , etc ie . incidentals . The wedge shape easily sits under an airplane seat . == A fitted rain cover is provided and keeps everything dry inside with no need for plastic bags , love that . Four web strap 's -LRB- included -RRB- plastic clips secure it snugly to my bike 's manufacturer chrome grab bars -LRB- rails on the fender -RRB- , exactly the right length but may not work with all bikes . For extra support and extended storage I use a 15x15 cargo net . == The best part for me is , this bag nests either on top of or inside of my roomy Saddlemen TS3200DE -LRB- a rear-seat/tunnel bag -RRB- , perfect size either way . Nesting inside allows me to carry the Dowco concealed and when I need extra storage from my Saddlemen bag I move thd Dowco outside/top , cool feature for a daily commuter with a naked bike . Really awesome setup . Across the rear of the bag is a wide and sturdy velcro strap for those with a sissy bar or commuters can lash a smaller tool bag . == The ONLY negative I can point out is , there 's no reflective material whatsoever for night travel . I added ` stick on ' amber colored reflectors and figured they would eventually fly off but they 're still ` stuck on ' , not too cool looking but safety first commuting 14,000 miles yearly . == Construction is solid , rigid , rugged black nylon with an excellent exterior ` rubber black diamond plate ' base . The handle is bulky rubber . Outside dimensions are 6 `` h , 15 `` l , 13 `` w , perfect size on top of another bag . I paid $ 54 locally and that 's a fair price . Recommended .
 I gave this 4 out of 5 stars for the single base ring attachment on each side , 2 on each would have been a 5 . I ran a 1 '' strap beneath my seat , through both D rings on the base , using an adjustable buckle , the rubberized bottom does n't slide on the seat.Love the size , I 'm using as solo tail bag , not to big , not too small . Very easy to lash other items to it , love the rain fly.This is a great compliment to my factory saddle bags and my mounting style does n't interfere with the attachment .
 I like the look of the Iron Rider series of bags , and the small roll bag is a usefull addition to my detachable luggage . A little too small for an overnight , it is great for day trips for carrying water , laptop etc , and looks pretty good on the bike , even when empty . I have n't tested it in bad weather yet , but it looks like it will keep things dry for a while -LRB- unless you are in a hurricane -RRB- . I rated it 4 because it was made in the PRC , and not in the USA , -LRB- which it is priced for -RRB- - I wish manufacturers would clearly state where their products are made in their advertising , so that when you buy an `` American '' product from a US brand , you get something made in the USA . This does n't mean that there is anything wrong with the quality of the PRC produced product - I just wish I knew that before pressing the `` buy now '' button .
 I had one of these belts on my old international tracter backhoe for over 10 years before it finally broke . It is a major job to get a regular belt on the altinator and this saves hours of labor.Jim
 Wirthco Emergency V-Belts are a good product and are at a better price than JC Whitney . I have used these in the past and they are much better than what they used to be . It takes a little bit of strength in your hands to pop the links apart and reassemble them , but that is a small price to pay so you can drive away . I actually used this on my washing machine , because I did n't want to disassemle the whole bottom side to pull the motor . Using this , it was a 15 minute job . It makes a little bit of chatter , but that is a small price to pay for all of the hours that I saved in labor .
 I just threw this 71mm Wiseco into my 1974 Suzuki TS250 . Wiseco makes nice stuff and you 'll pay for it . The old Suzuki piston was fine and it was cast . I went with Wiseco because it was only about 20 dollars more than the OEM cast piston . Was it a good decision ? I do n't know . Ask me in 39 years if it lasted as well . The thing I like about Wiseco is their support network . If you have questions you can call them and talk to someone that knows what is going on . The machining tolerances are listed on the box so you know how much to bore your cylinder and what to gap the rings to . I suppose Wiseco does n't need much more of an introduction since everyone knows who they are .
 Excellent product . Increases performance and reduces heat from the intake manifold to the Carb . Very light weight and easy to install . I definitely recommend this product
 Easy to clean and a lifetime filter . Should keep my mower from getting ` strangled ' by a clogged filter . K & N are SUPER filters .
 Awesome filter in everything i own i 've been a mechanic for years and wouldnt keep paying for filters price in the long run is cheap
 The product works well . Easy to use in convenient sizes . Nothing fancy . The black color keeps them relatively unnoticed when used with black spark plug wires .
 This hose looks great and is working fine . Too bad that it 's tucked under the gas tank of my bike because it would have some very nice bling factor !
 I had these installed these in our 740i , save mega bucks over oem cats . Good quality . Car runs and performs like new .
 I put this on my Foreman 500 and it works great . Not narrow and wimpy like some of the smaller versions I saw .
 The original Volvo cap for our vehicle was a very sturdy all metal affair . This replacement is plastic , like nearly all modern gas caps are . For those keeping score at home , the cap itself is marked `` Stant '' even though the box says `` Gates '' . Gates and Stant are both owned by the same parent company these days , so choose between the two on price . The caps are identical no matter which name is on the box .
 Like the other users that have commented here , I was initially very disappointed . However , as I was grumbling and about to throw away the user guide , I decided to -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- read it . Turns out the on/off switch is a 3 position switch , marked with 3 symbols
 I got one used today , I 'm happy enough for the price I paid -LRB- about $ 1 -RRB- - it does give off heat , I 'm up in Canada and even today it was chilly . It also works as a fan , it is n't perfect but I only used it for about 3 minutes and within about 10 seconds of startup it was giving off warm air and within 30 it was hot air . As a fan it also worked , the coil cooled down and the air it gave off was quite cool.Not perfect , but worth it , I know what the other reviews say but the one I got does work .
 I 've used K&N in my previous vehicles and just dropped one in my 06 GTO . As before the fit was factory perfect . While there 's no seat of the pants difference I have noticed a slight increase in fuel mileage , nearly 1 mpg more . I expect this one will outlast my car , as did my previous ones , paying for itself . My only word of caution is that if you do correctly follow the cleaning and re-oiling instructions be careful not to over oil it , you really need very little , or you can damage your MAP sensor .
 The part was exactly as described . The instructions were very clear and also told the level of degree of installation from easy to hard . Each wire was also color coated and labeled what it 's purpose was . It made wiring my trailer simple . This was so easy I believe my wife could have wired the trailer herself and she has no exprience of this type . I used this product along with 25 ' . What I thought was going to take hours took less than an hour . Thank you .
 This is a good product . White wire is connected to trailer as groundthis is why there is only three connectors . Previous review said only three wiresto make connections .
 My lights came unplugged returning from last previous fishing trip with the boat during the daylight . The plug came unplugged and dragged on the way home so that when I arrived it was no longer operable . I purchased this to replace the ruined plug . Took a few minutes to slice this new replacement setup using butt connectors and heat shrink . All is working will again and I have taken the boat out since.I did not use the connectors that came with the product .
 I was able to quickly use this to reconnect my trailer lights after our connector mysteriously disappeared . The blue connectors are supposed to make it easier but they do n't properly pierce the wire covering so I just stripped the wire back 1/2 inch and connected with wire nuts and then wrapped with electrical tape to protect from the weather/elements . I 'm going to buy another to have as a spare .
 Okay product , not sure why they do n't include a 4th connector as there are 4 wires to deal with . Does what it is supposed to do .
 I just installed one of these on my 2008 Hyundai Sonata . It fits fine under the hood . The 20138 is rated for 250 amps continuous and 750 amps surge at 12 volts.The only thing keeping me from giving it a full 5 stars is that the clamp was a bit tough to deal with . I could not get the clamp sufficiently far down on the negative terminal of my battery until I opened the clamp wider using two pairs of pliers.Then , after tightening the clamp , I decided to reorient it . I found the clamp has no `` springiness '' to it , meaning after it was loosened , I had to open up the clamp a bit using a flat-head screwdriver before it would turn easily enough.The clamp of the 20138 is made of brass -LRB- according to a WirthCo representative I asked -RRB- . Brass is harder than lead , which is what the negative terminal of batteries is made of . So , expect the clamp to dig into your negative battery post somewhat.No washer is supplied with the 20138 for use with the clamp bolt . This is not a big deal , but I supplied my own , as I prefer doing things that way.Aside from that , it 's great having this switch installed . Whenever I need to do electrical work on the car , disconnecting the battery could n't be easier .
 I saw this at my local RV repair shop for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- plus they wanted $ 25 bucks to install it . I found it here for about $ 24 and now it has been even lowered to $ 21 . Easy 10 min . installation . and saves time disconnecting your battery when pulling a vehicle behind your RV .
 Just what we needed to keep our tractor battery from dying a slow , current-leaky death . Good transaction , speedy shipping , very satisfied !
 I searched all the auto parts stores around where I live in San Diego and all they had to offer in the way of an electrical current `` on-off '' switch was the type with a green plastic knob . Having had these before and inevitably enduring their failure , I was determined to buy a switch that has more to offer than the green plastic knob . I found it at -LRB- where else ? -RRB- Amazon.com of course ! This knife switch has a visual confirmation that the current is either `` on '' or `` off '' . When the green plastic knob type fails there is no visual clue so you have to go through a sequence of disconnecting electrical connections and eliminating possible culprits . A real pain in the you-know-what . If you are in need of this type of switch , do yourself a big favor . Pay a little more and get a LOT more ... performance . Four instead of five stars is because it could be made even stronger without much more cost . More than adequate as it is though .
 This poduct is easy to install and provides an easy way to protect a battery whenever a vehicle is parked for long periods
 the produce worked well and it fit my motor home . It was easy to install on the batteries for my motor home . This prevents ghost voltage charges which drained my batteries when the motor home was not in use
 This is GREAT on an RV because kids leave stuff on ! This is an easy fix so that you never come back to a dead battery !
 I bought two of the screw type and they broke just putting them on . and this is an improvement over those but still seams cheapy ... can someone please make a quality one of these types of items
 I have this in an old muscle car that would lose battery charge after a few days without running . Another reason I got this was as a quick disconnect in the case of another/an electrical fire . Looks great too !
 this is a must for an old car -- If you think you are having a problem open the hood and stop the electricity to the hot wires . hahaha
 Very good quality with a solid build feel . Given the poor reputation of the screw type cut-off switch I opted for this knife style . There is nothing to break on these . The metal on the arm and is thick with a substantial feel . I also like the fact that you can see when it is open or closed . One thing to keep in mind is that if you have a batter cover you may need to remove it when open . I have this situation with my 60s Mk1 Mini Cooper which has the battery in the trunk . Fortunately , the cover slips off on the mini and so it is not a problem for me .
 I bought it so I did n't have to disconnect the battery . My tractordrains the battery if left hooked up . And I bought this and nowI do n't have to disconnect the battery
 Also can help with theft prevention & keep battery current drain from killing your car ortruck battery , especially if vehicle often sits for long periods . This knife-type disconnectis one of the easiest and quickest .
 I read this tip on an RV website and decided to look for this device . Amazon had it for a good price . I only wish they would make one that breaks the circuit by sliding the handle to the side instead of just upward due to the limited room between the battery and the hood . I always have to make sure it 's completely out of the way before closing the hood to avoid contact .
 The filter is great . As soon as I put it is there was an increase in acceleration and power . The best part I have to say was an immediate increase in gas mileage . I went up 3mpg as soon as the filter went in . I am going to be keeping a close watch on it to see if it stays there .
 I changed the spark plugs in my car and was told by the mechanic that multi-pronged spark plugs are garbage , but using other after market parts for performance does help . I got the 33-2315 for my 2008 G6 4 cylinder , but it does not fit . The K&N filter is too narrow and now I have to return it . I like the brand and used it for my 2000 Chevy Lumina .
 This air filter definitely makes a difference . I put it in my G6 convertible . I do n't go heavy on the gas so I have seen an increase in engine performance and the car does drive a lot smoother . It is built way better than those cheap FRAM air filters too . I would only recommend K&N for your air filter needs . I have n't checked yet , but I think I might be getting a few more MPGs . My gas tank seems to last me a little longer , but I 'd have to look at some receipts . If anything , just get this as a gift for your car . The better you treat your car , the better it will treat you .
 Easy drop in design . Purchased for quality and maintenance . No noticeable performance , sound , or fuel mileage difference so do n't purchase this product expecting that . But never having to buy another air filter again makes this a good buy in my opinion .
 It was time to change out the old filter in my Pontiac G6 GT so I decided to make it a one time purchase with a washable K&N Filter . I would say it was a definite improvement over what came from the factory . The engine sounds better and I noticed a slight improvement in acceloration at high speeds . Solid Amazon buy .
 It 's a K&N what else can one say . It does what it does with no complaints from this owner and no more buying replaceable filters every few months . just drop it in and clean it with K&N filter cleaner when recommended . I do n't know whether it saved on MPG but it saved $ on replacing cheaper filters . That 's all I wanted . Ps . If you want more horsepower , or different performance , buy a cold air intake , or make your own with a cone style filter . This product is mainly for maintenance cost savings , and it does that quite well !
 you can never go wrong with a K&N and this is no exception . i have to say i am quite surprised after six months i do n't even see a spec of dirt on my filter when i checked it , which is nice but does n't mean anything , since when i had a subaru i was cleaning the filter every 2 months . anyway , you will definitely notice a small increase in horsepower and your engine should idle at a lower RPM seeing as it can breath easier . 5star , would definitely recommend !
 I ca n't attest to any mileage differences with my 07 Malibu SS , but insofar as speed/acceleration and such , it appears to be an excellent product . If I punch it , the sound of the air rushing into the engine with its powerful acceleration seems to have justified the purchase .
 Hopkins 48205 60 '' 4Wire Flat Connector Kit -LRB- 48025 + 48105 -RRB- Do n't get much better than this , great item for new install or repair of existing wiring . Even better pricing :0 -RRB- I would have spent this much in fuel just running around trying to find this.Thanks Amazon for coming thru again.Buy with confidence.RagenRat
 I used to buy Bosch filters and other parts more often than I do these days . Not really sure what happened over the years , but the quality is not what it used to be . So why do I buy this filter ? The main reason is that it fits in my Pathfinder , and it 's cheaper than OEM . It 's of somewhat flimsy construction and fewer pleats than Wix filter , for example , and has no coating . It does work , but it is somewhat overpriced for the quality it offers . In my other car -LRB- Honda -RRB- , I stopped buying Bosch cabin filter years ago when sometimes it would fit OK , sometimes you would have to trim it with scissors , and sometimes it was just too small - all same part number ! Makes you wonder about QC at Bosch ... So I buy Wix for my Honda - better construction , higher quality materials , coating . However , the Wix filter does not fit my Pathfinder well , so I continue buying Bosch . Interestingly enough , it 's the flimsy construction that makes it a good fit for Pathfinder - you can squeeze it into slightly smaller filter box because all 4 sides are soft and easily bent . You can not do that to Wix filter - all 4 sides are hard and will break when pushed in.All in all , this is a ten dollar filter in my opinion . It will do its job . But there are better filters out there , and some at a lower price than Bosch , therefore 4 stars . If Wix filter fits your car , that 's the best choice in my opinion -LRB- high quality , low price -RRB- , followed by OEM -LRB- high quality , high price -RRB- , than Bosch -LRB- lower quality , higher price -RRB- .
 Great cabin filter for the price . As good a quality as the OEMs at half the price . Collected quite a bit of sand and road grit as well as a dozen stink bugs before they entered my car.Only complaint is with Amazons faulty `` make sure it fits '' calculator . I have purchased 3 of these for a 2008 pathfinder even though Amazon 's recommendation says it wo n't fit ... it does . I cross referenced it on several other sites and confirmed what I already knew .
 I have now purchased 2 of these so far and they are perfect replacements for the OEM filters . Replacement takes about 10 minutes and the only thing missing from this product is the little sticker that comes with the OEM filter to remind you to replace it again in 12 months . Easy . Save a few bucks and buy this one.Note
 This Bosch cabin filter fits my 2010 Nissan Frontier . The ones I got from Amazon is made in the USA , so it is a dependable product . I had no issues installing this product . The air in my A/C system feels more air blowing out than before . Its a good product .
 The filters are the same you 'd get at Nissan dealership . I asked the parts department to show me what they sell directly and they showed me a Bosch box . The price on Amazon is about the same -LRB- give or take couple dollars -RRB- as in the local auto stores , but you do n't pay taxes and they come directly to your home.Installation was a breeze and they fit perfectly . Keep in mind there are two filters in a pack .
 My husband was very proud to mount this license plate frame on our motor home . He is proud to have served and be recognized as a veteran .
 very sturdy , well made product and my husband is super happy to display it on his new truck . will reorder in the future
 This EGR Valve Gasket is a direct replacement to the OEM it meets all specification and preforms as a stock replacement part should .
 If you need to replace your air filter , go with one of these . They are much better than stock , adding a noticable performance boost and an improvement to engine tone . And since it 's a lifetime filter it is both cost and environment friendly ! Just wash and re-oil rather than throwing the whole thing out .
 This filter is great , it fits my Chevrolet Aero 2011 perfect . It improve the performance for my car . I am still waiting for the final word on gas . .
 Perfect fit on my Aveo ... just installed it so ca n't comment on any fuel improvement but the car does pick up better now .
 Got the filter quick and love it . My car does appear to have more power and gas milege improved .
 I have a K&N filter in all of my vehicles so I never have to replace another filter . If you are still buying paper filters at a local auto supplies store you need to invest in a K&N , not only for the performance increase over the traditional paper one , but the money it will save you in the long run , just having to clean it for the life of your car .
 Aumento considerable del performance , al tener mejor flujo de aire se produce un ahorro de gasolina -LRB- nafta -RRB- , no se reemplaza por tanto es un ahorro considerable en los servicios de mantenimiento . Lo recomiendo
 This product was essential when we were without power for a week due to a hurricane . Only the car was available for recharging my cell phone , whenever I went out of the house .
 These connectors are made in Sweden and are of durable construction . They are the ideal way to connect/disconnect automotive type batteries used in boats and RVs . They are color coded and properly sized for the + and - posts and since no tools are needed when making the connections , there is no chance of the wrench shorting across the posts or to the frame .
 I bought these connectors to replace the spade connectors on a Minn Kota trolling motor . However , there were some slight snags.Initially , the connectors were really stiff . I could n't snap them open until I pried them with a screwdriver . A little WD-40 and some wiggling loosened them up a bit . Hopefully it might keep them from corroding as well.The next issue was that they seem to be designed for a larger gague wire than what Minn Kota was using . The stripped wire is supposed to sit between two curved plates that get tightened by two screws . Even when tightened all the way , it was n't enough to grip the MK wires . My solution was to pull the stripped wire back over the coating and tighten it all together.Once everything was loosened up and attached , the connectors seemed to work great . These definitely are a step up from having to deal with wing nuts , and have a much larger contact surface than alligator clamps . They snap on and off the battery with ease . When they 're on , they seem to have a tight grip that does n't twist or slide off . The plastic covers the connection pretty well to keep them from being exposed to rain or splashed water.Overall I am pleased with the product , but I do think the price is a bit steep for what it is .
 These connectors seem to be quality items . They work well and are easy to use , but I wonder how well they will hold up with repeated and prolonged use . Also , with the added complexity of the connectors , I wonder how they may hold up to corrosion.The connectors are convenient and work well . I would repurchase in the future .
 It took a while to arrive -- longer than my usual amazon purchases . May just have been an anomaly with processing / delivery though.That aside , this light housing is stupendous . It dose n't shoot laser beams at my enemies or anything like that , but installation was terribly easy . The minor drawback about it that I noted was that I apparently have an older model of the vehicles that used this assembly , and it required light modification on my part to make the reverse lamp fit.Apparently Ford changed from a 4-wing attachment to a 2 wing attachment at some point during production . So my car had a 4 wing , but the light assembly came with a 2 wing hole . My cross shaped peg would n't fit into the oval shaped hole!A small notice was included with the lamp indicating that an adapter would be needed if this was the case , but nothing was mentioned in the item 's Amazon description that I recall , so I had no clue until the item arrived . Nor , until I actually took off the old lamp assembly to put on the new one.While it would have been nice to have known that I needed an adapter before I tried to install the lamp , I was able to manage it with a little bit of pocket knife modification surgery , rather than getting any silly adapters .
 Worked just fine on my 97 infinity qx4 . I was able to install it and clear the code . Passed smog check in the same day .
 I installed these bulbs side by side with brand new Silverstar Ultras and there is no comparison.Do note however , it 's really not a fair comparison as these bulbs are 100 watt and not DOT compliant . That being said , these bulbs give their white appearance by using a coating on the bulbs to bring out the nice bright xenon white light you 're probably looking for . Usually , this filter will make a legal bulb whiter , but also less bright because of the light the coating filters out.By contrast , these high wattage bulbs are xenon white and are just as bright as an uncoated high performance DOT legal bulbs because the extra wattage makes up for the lost brightness of the coating . The brightness seems reasonable enough that it should n't draw the attention of any law enforcement . I did n't have anyone flash me during the week or so that I used them.Ultimately , I ended up taking them out because I could n't get Hella to respond to my inquires about whether or not these could be used without upgraded wiring -LRB- they are supposedly drawing twice the wattage of a legal bulb , after all -RRB- . I 'm also concerned about what affect the extra heat might have for my headlamp housing . I 'll miss these bulbs - they are the best looking non-xenon bulbs I 've seen and the price just makes them that much sweeter . If I can ever confirm their safety in my vehicle , these will no doubt be the only bulb I 'll ever buy .
 nice and bright white not yellow like the old ones gives my car a newwer headlight look at night.Great product for the money thanks alot guys !!!!
 I replaced my oem bulbs with these ones . They are a very bright white and much better than my oem bulbs . I can see the road much better now !
 These high beams are GREAT ! I put one in , turned on the lights to compare to the stock bulbs , no comparison !!! These bulbs have a brilliant bright white glow that will light up any dark road . I have a 2008 Lincoln MKZ and these bulbs go great with my HID low beams . Highly recommended !
 High performance filter made a huge difference . More power , torque , and even improved gas mileage . Worth every penny , would recommend it to anybody requiring a replacement filter .
 I 'm a firm believer in K&N Filters and products !! Used them for years on motorcycles & my High-Performance cars & trucks !! Less restriction of air-flow , moisture wo n't ruin the filter element & pretty easy to clean -LRB- & do n't forget to re-lube !! -RRB- I buy K&N Filter spray oil , it is the easiest to apply ! Great filters !!
 great product that 's it ca n't say much but they make me write xx amounts of words four more to go done
 This was purchased as a gift for my daughter for her new ipod . It comes with everything she needed and she loved the case . She will never be without her ipod again with the car charger and home charger . Great combo at a great price
 The raiod knobs fit perfect , work great and they look great ! Fast shipping and a great price . A + + + +
 Bought one two years ago during a winter ice storm . Never looked back . It pull starts very easy provided you follow simple instructions to decompress the cylinder before pulling the rope . The rope wo n't budge an inch if you do n't rotate the decompression lever . But the thing puts out . I have run our entire house on the 6kw model . It does not even grunt a little when cooking , washing laundry , TV , lights , and furnace . We just operate business as usual . Now I would not attempt the Dryer without cutting off most everything else in the house . But central air and just about everything else can run all at once . No problems at all and we own a 2000 sq ft home . Do n't let the cheap price fool you on this one . In some areas of life you truly get what you pay for . This is the special instance where you do n't . The choice is yours . Buy a competitors like unit for nearly $ 3000.00 or buy this little jewel for about a grand . Get this generator and all your power outage worries will be gone for good .
 You will not beat the quality of the items in this kit for the price . An outstanding bargain . All hardware for mounting of the connectors is included in this kit . By the way , I bought two of these to use and will probably buy another one just to keep as a spare in my trailer toolbox .
 I ACTUALLY NEEDED TWO OF THESE AND FOUND MANY SOURCES FOR THIS EXACT ONE . FOR WHAT IT IS THIS IS THE NEAT WAY TO DO THE JOB.IF YOU HAVE A FLAT CONNECTOR ON THE TRAILER , BUY THE ADAPTER . THERE IS NO NEAT WAY TO DO THE VEHICLE END OF `` FLAT '' OTHER THAN THIS.NO OTHERS SHIPPED TO MY POBOX FOR ANYWHERE NEAR THIS GREAT PRICE.IT IS AS SIMPLE AS THAT . THERE ARE MANY AVAILABLE WITH LESS HARDWARE FOR A LOT MORE MONEY.NO MATTER WHICH BRAND NAME IS ON THE PACKAGE THE INSTALLATION THROUGH BODY METAL REQUIRES SOME PLANNING AND THOUGHT SO TO AVOID FRUSTRATION YOU WILL NEED TO THINK THE INSTALLATION THROUGH FOR ANY AND ALL OF THIS KIND OF DEVICE NO MATTER IF YOU PAY TEN TIMES THE PRICE . CART BEFORE THE HORSE , , , MONKEY TRAP , , , I AM A GOOD PLANNER AS I DO THIS KIND OP STUFF ALL THE TIME BUT STILL GOT IT WRONG WITH MY INITIAL PLANNING ... . TWICE . YOU MUST THINK IT THROUGH AS NOTHING I DO EVER IS AS SIMPLE AS IT ORIGINALLY APPEARS.YOU WILL NEED A 1 INCH KNOCKOUT BY GREENLEE IF YOU HAVE A NEWER VEHICLE WITH PAPER THIN METAL , AS ALL OF THEM SEEM TO BE , NO MATTER HOW MUCH YOU PAY FOR THEM . I HAVE ABOUT 30 GREENLEE KNOCKOUTS OF VARIOUS SIZES AND THE ONE INCH WAS THE CORRECT ONE.I ALSO HAVE STEP DRILLS AND A AMAZON BOUGHT HIGH-BUCK HOLE SAW KIT , BUT SINCE THE VEHICLES WERE FAIRLY NEW THE METAL WAS PAPER THIN AND EVEN THE STEP DRILL WOULD HAVE BEEN A RIP OUT DISASTER OF WHICH I HAVE EXPERIENCED MANY TIMES WHEN THINKING `` JUST THIS ONCE `` EITHER USE THE BRACKET OR BUY THE KNOCKOUT AS THE MOUNT HOLES ARE VERY CLOSE AND YOU CAN NOT FIX A MESS FOR LESS THAN PROFESSIONAL HELP COSTS . REMEMBER THAT HIS ONE REQUIRES DEPTH OF A COUPLE INCHES AND YOU MUST BE ABLE TO AVOID THE OBVIOUS OF BEING TRAPPED BY METAL YOU DID NOT SEE BUT ALSO NOT HAVING SUFFICIENT DEPTH CLEARANCE . LOTS OF WAYS TO MAKE MISTAKES BUT THIS PRODUCT REALLY IS NEAT WHEN DONE RIGHT .
 Same filter used by Mercedes Branded Filter at the dealer . Same in every detail except the mercedes stamped symbol not present . Save money get this original equipment manufacturer . Much cheaper than the dealer and performs excactly as intended .
 Its a good filter i will recommend this for anyone.fast shipment and good price.mercedes benz 2000 clk 320 . Thanks
 This went on my 2003 C320 . It comes as described and fits just like the OEM . While I 've seen others that were made in Israel , mine read `` Made in Germany '' so I have no worries about its durability . It 's been working great since I installed it .
 No long-winded review here since this is a simple product.First off , the container
 Yes , this works as advertised . I put one in my Suzuki XL-7 and the in town gas mileage went from 17.1 mpg to 18.7 mpg , plus I got increased power.However , I did n't get the improved gas mileage on the first tank of gas because I was having too much fun blasting off the line with the extra power it gave me!I also put one on my 2007 Honda Accord 2.4 L 4 cylinder . Even with a very efficiently designed Honda engine I have seen the gas mileage jump from 26 mpg to 28 mpg in mixed driving . Plus , I can no longer hear the engine at all when crusing on a flat highway at 70 mph.Amazon had the best prices for these filters . I 'm now going to buy another one as a present for my retired dad so that he gas reduce his weekly gas bill . He drives a 2006 Toyota Matrix .
 I just threw this 71mm Wiseco into my 1974 Suzuki TS250 . Wiseco makes nice stuff and you 'll pay for it . The old Suzuki piston was fine and it was cast . I went with Wiseco because it was only about 20 dollars more than the OEM cast piston . Was it a good decision ? I do n't know . Ask me in 39 years if it lasted as well . The thing I like about Wiseco is their support network . If you have questions you can call them and talk to someone that knows what is going on . The machining tolerances are listed on the box so you know how much to bore your cylinder and what to gap the rings to . I suppose Wiseco does n't need much more of an introduction since everyone knows who they are .
 I have received the filters on time . They fit the area and also filters the odors coming from outside . I am using it for two weeks and very happy with that . Price and product values are absolutely fantastic .
 Fits perfectly on E39 M5 . No issues , only difference is that it does not have the OEM plastic frame around the filter , but still snugly fits in the box .
 Thought they got the wrong part when I first received it . There is no more black plastic frame around the filter . The filter is now slightly larger than before and will fit snugly in the filter compartment without frame . The instructions included still shows the frame and the latches , so it might be a little confusing . Other than that , great quality and value .
 This is a great value on Amazon . Very easy to replace on your own .
 I learned about these filters on one of the BMW forums . They are half the cost of other activated charcoal filters and are a direct replacement for the OEM filters . Changing these filters is easier than changing your wiper blades - no need to go to the mechanic.But ... Make sure you understand which way the air flows ! The arrow on the filters should be pointing up.Edit
 Filters were a perfect fit in my 2002 525i BMW . They arrived quickly and the price was excellent for two filters .
 Product fit perfectly and same quality as BMW OEM that I purchase from dealer . Saved a bundle over dealer . Great product !
 Not as hefty made as the original but how heavy duty does it need to be . Fits perfect and does the job .
 These may not be the OEM filters BMW puts in their cars , but are a more than adequate replacement . My wife noticed a burnt oil smell coming from the air conditioner . I thought it was because of a crack in the air system . Before spending hundreds to replace parts based on a best guess , I started with the easiest one to replace - the air filter . It worked like a charm . No more oil smell and they were easy to replace . The package says 5 min replacement , but it took me &#60; 1 min .
 These are nearly as good as the OEM for less than half the price , dont buy from the Stealer at $ 25 + each , these are so easy to fit a 5 year old could do it .
 These `` activated charcoal '' filters come in a set of 2 for the same price of one ! They do n't have the black polyurethane frame like in the picture , but that 's okay because the fit is PERFECT in my BMW E39 540i . Replacing both got rid of the dusty old filter and my cabin smells better ! No more warm musky smell when I run the A/C ! We 'll see how long these babby 's last . I do n't know if the previous owner had changed out the old ones too often since I noticed a ton of dust , and debris in the old filters . They 're a tad thinner than the old Bosch ones that were in the car , but the activated carbon will `` adsorb '' what it needs to ! Good product , good price!This set was nice enough to come with a 6 step instruction pamphlet , but changing them out is about the easiest thing you can do .
 The filters were received on time and are of good quality.I appreciate the great service of the Amazom Fulfillment Team .
 this kit is very nice bright and very eazy to put on and didnt have a problem with them at all from when i put them tell now and still dont
 works great seems to be built well , do n't know how to get to the 20 word limit on a battery lifter , but it sure makes it easier to get the batteries in and out of the car and move them around .
 I had some doubts when I ordered this filter . It arrived on time and installed in less than 2 minutes ... Even came with seal lubricant ... . Awesome
 these were just what i needed since i hit a deer with my truck last year and lost my cover . i 've been looking for these covers for over a year . i 'm so glad i finally found them . thank you .
 bought these to replace original foam-padded elastic-corded that were useless in cold weather , they cracked ... these snap-on and stay on , better for stone impact protection
 Putting external XM radio in our Yukon meant finding a power source . I did n't want to cut and splice a wire so I bought these fuse taps to use . Work like a charm . It 's a bit difficult to get seated but once in place , you 'll be good to go . In a year of traveling bumpy gravel roads , the tap has not worked loose .
 This way very easy to set up , even though my trucks wiring harness wire color codes did n't match with what was in the instructions , my harness 's wires were marked for function so that made it easier to hook it up . Put the female connector inside the bed of my truck , then used the male connector with another one to make a connection cord to my camper , like a umbilical cord . Hook up is fast and easy now without cords laying around all over the place .
 I needed a 7-pin blade receptacle for my toad -LRB- RV towable auto -RRB- to allow its use for transporting waste water - I have a carrier and haul up to 60 gals on a carrier to dump the sewer from the RV using a macerator pump . Works like a champ . I pump from the RV into the tank then haul to the dump station to pump it out.I can also hook to a trailer with or without brakes using the same connector .
 This was a great purchase , very easy to install , work 's like it should.Great Item.I would Recommend this item to anyone.Thanks for a quality product .
 I purchased this kit and installed it on the front of my new GMC Serria Pick Up . I removed the old small round 4 way plug from my motor home 's exsisting electrical tow harness and installed the 7 way plug that came with the kit . I now have a solid 7 way plug on each end of my harness and never have too worry about the connections falling out , as they did with the other style plug and recepticle
 I bought this connector kit to use on my car and connect into my Starcraft popup camper . The ends fit perfectly into the existing plug on the camper with no modifications at all . The tail lights , brake lights , aux 12v and brakes all work perfectly . I used the mount that it came with and rivoted a piece of angle iron to it to make a screwless mount to the trailer hitch on the car . I had purchased the same kit for my other car a few weeks before at a local parts store and Amazon beat the price by several dollars .
 what is there to say , it works , it was easy to put it in , seems to be built well.The test will be time and usage , so far so good .
 Works well , holding up well after more than a year . Only drawback is that the electrical contact blades are wider them most , so matching plug must be used .
 I saw another review basically saying it came apart due to poor quality . I have to think it came apart due to the user not using it properly . If you wire this correctly , I see no way it could come apart . It is well constructed with a very good strain relief system.Customer service was excellent . I called them to get the amperage rating -LRB- 35 amps -RRB- and they quickly answered the phone and provided me the information and answered all my questions . There was no long phone tree . Just a couple button pushes and I was talking to a live person . Not like most companies these days where you 're on the phone 10 minutes pushing buttons only to be told , `` the extension you have chosen is not available . Goodbye . '' Gawd I hate that ! : -RRB- Anyways , I ordered more after receiving my first set because I liked them so much and could use them for other applications .
 This is a great connector . Actually the 2nd one I bought . The 1st one I got it for ove $ 30 at a store in TX . If I need I will buy it again . Great price !
 Great product ... the best car wash concentrate available!I have used it for several years and recommend it for any car or general wash jobs around the house .
 This soap is amazing , only takes a few cap fulls to fill a 2 gallon bucket with nice soapy water . Left my truck nice & shiny , way better than stuff you can get at the auto parts store .
 Great soap , not too expensive for a concentrate . Do n't need much to get the job done and leaves a beautiful shine and gloss . Gives a just waxed look . Duragloss = no hype , no fancy bottles , no fancy names , not expensive , just products that work very well !
 Bought this years ago from an info-mercial on TV . Could n't find it for a while and now I am delighted to have it again . Does a great job while protecting all paint jobs .
 I bought the Blue Ox bedsaver model #BXR 4400 for a Curt E5 16K 5th wheel hitch.The instructions & pictures where not very clear at all.I bolted it up using the top holes in my hitch & the top holes in the bedsaver side plates , like the pictures show , and this put the bedsaver way too high . I only had about 1 1/2 '' from the top of the bedsaver to the top of the 5th wheel hitch . The kingpin on my camper is 3 1/4 '' long . I would have had to lift the camper high enough to clear the bedsaver , back the pickup truck up to clear the bedsaver , then lower the camper for it to fit onto the hitch.I called the Blue Ox company then . The person I talked to said there should be about 1/2 '' to 1 '' between the bottom of the camper kingpin & the top of the bedsaver when you are backing up the truck to hook up the camper.I had to move the bedsaver side plates down to the 3rd hole -LRB- from the top -RRB- on my Curt hitch -LRB- which is the ones that where being used to bolt the 5th wheel plate to the legs -RRB- and I had to use the top set of holes in the bed saver side plates . The bolts in my Curt hitch that I had to remove then reinstall with the bedsaver side plates would not fit thru the holes in the bed saver side plates . I had to buy a 9/16 '' drill bit and drill out the holes in the side plates a little bit to get the bolts to go thru them.Once I got the bed saver mounted I now have 4 '' from the top of the bedsaver to the top of the 5th wheel plate . When I back up to hook up the camper I now have about 3/4 '' between the top of the bed saver & the bottom of the kingpin.Other than the weak installation instructions & pictures , the bedsaver itself is very well built.I will recommend the Blue Ox Bedsaver to everybody .
 Installation was easy , although the instructions are n't very clear on the mounting height.They instruct you to use the top holes on the hitch , but what if the hitch is of a different configuration or what if the top holes are already occupied?I would have liked to see an explanation of how far below the tray sits from the hitch surface , then I could confirm what holes to use.But otherwise , very happy with the construction and fit/finish - let 's hope I never experience it in action .
 The bed saver installed just as directed . It looks good . Very strong and sturdy built . I had to take it to a auto shop to have the nuts torqued . There should be an easier way to do that . Not every Joe has a torque tool . This is after the fact ... $ 5600 . I hope I never have to use it.PS I do recommend calling Blue Ox and getting the right number part for your hitch.Good product ...
 The idea of the Bedsaver is useful if you have ever dropped trailer on your truck you can appreciate this will prevent costly repairs to both vehicles and down time to repair . However in my case I bought the Bedsaver to fit on a Husky 16K hitch and the bolt patterns on the Bedsaver do not match holes on the hitch and it could not be installed . The advertising is written to imply that the hitch will fit a Husky 16K or 16K slider and that may be the problem . There needs to be a clearer understanding of just what the Bedsaver will match . It also adds about 35 lbs to the weight of the hitch so add in to your GRWW . Amazon has not reimbursed me for shipping which was $ 38 so I have paid a heavy penalty for a non conforming item . .
 It was extremely easy to install Blue Ox BXR4400 Bedsaver for a Husky Slider 16K . The instructions were fine except they showed 2 different ways to bolt it together onto the hitch . If you are a handyman then you 'd be able to see that any way the bolts go it will work . 15-20 minutes for installation with a wrench and socket set . I am looking forward to towing my 38 ' Montana 5th wheel this summer with the extra security and re-assurance that I have a Blue Ox product ! I found the lowest price on Amazon . I had no trouble with the fit . It was absolutely perfect . You must know your hitch model to get the right bedsaver . Blue Ox will give you the part number for the bedsaver to look up on Amazon .
 My previous Crane adjustable vacuum advance failed -LRB- bad diaphragm -RRB- and I replaced it with the Accel 31034 . I had to remove the distributer to install it to access both mounting screws . I like how Accel shows a graph in the instructions based on RPM , number of turns clockwise , and vacuum to show the relative performance settings of vacuum advance . I could not find this information on the Crane model . Also on the crane model I had to detune it quite extreme to eliminate the `` ping '' . The Crane had a limiting adjustment that I did not install as it changed the base timing . This may have helped but seemed like a real pain if you want to adjust it as the distributer would have to be removed each time . So far on the Accel I have detuned only one turn counterclockwise from the way it was shipped . I believe they ship at 4 turns clockwise , though I did not test for this . Drivability is excellent and better than the Crane model . I believe my mileage may improve a little as well . Crane model only lasted 7 years and about 30,000 miles in my 1966 Chevy C10 daily driver with 350 V8 before the diaphragm went bad . You can check this by sucking on the vacuum hose that feeds the advance mechanism and observe the breakerplate moving with the cap off . I use the ported vacuum off a Holley Carb.Well , November 23rd 2011 , The Accel 31034 failed . Only lasted 1 year and 4000 miles . Worked great before it failed . Maybe this one was on the shelf too long . Truck felt sluggish . Tested by diconnecting the hose from the carb and no vacuum or movement of the breaker plate . Sice I did like the performance I ordered another one from oreilly and will try it again .
 I get it for $ 3.79 this item is gift for this price.good filter .
 I bought the repair manual as a guide to replace the fuel pump on my 98 Tryumph Daytona and for doing the regular maintenance work.The instructions in the book are very clear , step by step and with a picture to every step.The replacement of the fuel pump , with the help of this book was no problem at all.If you have some mechanical background or experience , this book will make the work on your bike much easier.I can not judge however , how a complete novice will do when trying to do work on a bike with the help of this book.I recommend this book to everyone who is interested in the `` do it yourself '' maintenance/repair of a Tryumph Daytona .
 Very nice product . Sturdy , clean looking and comes with all the hardware . Although I did n't end up installing it on my vehicle -LRB- I have a Smart car and the whole bottom of the car is flat -RRB- , I was impressed with the product anyway . If you have a full-sized vehicle with easy access to the underbody frame , then this kit will serve you well .
 I must say that this item pleasantly surpassed my expectations . The mirror comes primed but I had it painted to match my car and installed by a local shop , needless to say it does n't exhibit any noises at high speeds on the highway and is powered so it defrosts and moves.Highly impressed .
 This is a great replacement mirror for the price . Bolts right on where the old one was . Only down side is it 's not painted to match the car .
 Excellent idea ! If you own a Jeep , you know that when you have the soft top on , there is no place to keep things except the glove box or the console . With the self tapping screws , it took me about 10 minutes to install it , and now my wife has a place to keep jumper cables and a small tool box . She still has room for her rather large hand bag if she does n't want to carry it with her .
 Went to a custom aftermarket install store and the guy who installed this on my Jeep Wrangler said this concept was so simple but really secure as well ! On a 95 Wrangler , it does make it a bit of a tight fit , but does exactly what its supposed to . It makes the area from the top of the rear seat to the floor hidden and secure when you lock the back door . Another plus by using this item is that when you fold a soft top down for open air drving , because the instatrunk is level with the wheelwells , the top lays flat and looks better as well . Well worth the money !
 Hopkins makes good trailer parts , and this connector is no exception.Heavy duty solid plastic . The addition of the `` wings '' make it easy to remove . Very easy to take apart and add your wiring.Excellent price .
 I looked at a lot of cheap Chinese crap in Wally World before I decided to try this . I was fully prepared to send it back if it too seemed like junk ; but it was not . It 's a quality unit with good copper connectors inside that provide solid attachment inside .
 There are all types of adapters out there to make switching from seven to five to four blade connections . Trouble is , with each adapter you add in another potential point of failure . Direct is the way to go , absolutely . If you must hook up electricity from your vehicle to different towed units having different blade configurations , get an auto electrician to install a panel on the back of your vehicle with the required direct-wired inputs that accept the plugs you have . I found this out the hard way
 Works great , easy to install , and was used to replace one that was from the factory . It is easy to assemble and connect . It fits perfectly . Just buy it .
 I am a self-diagnosed Bilstein junkie ; I absolutely loved them on my lowered S10 . It was an easy choice , I 'll just buy another set of 4 Bilstein for my 1998 Ford Explorer Sport . But I sure forgot how expensive those things were ! After much research and truly diagnosing what I use my truck for , I found myself here with these shocks.These are a spot on replacement for my 1998 Ford Explorer Sport ; everything lined up perfectly and installed with zero problems . Removing the old shocks on the other hand . . not as much fun!The old shocks on my truck were complete junk , bottom of the line Monroe shocks . They were leaking fluid and just completely awful as any bump in the road would cause the truck to skip all over the place . I am sure my 30 x 9.5 LT tires did n't help with that much either!After the installation of the shocks -LRB- I have Monomax shocks on both the front and rear -RRB- the difference was very clear . In a town where the water company runs rampant and digs up all major arteries these shocks made a huge difference in my daily commuting . No longer was my brain jiggled around in my skull going over these bumps . You still feel every bump , which is exactly what I wanted , the way the shock handles them is difficult to explain . There feels to be a lot less travel in the shock making minor bumps a real no issue . Even when I tackle larger things such as crawling off a curb it really handles the vehicle well.Using this truck for hauling things in the back and minor off-roading these shocks are a perfect fit ! I love looking up at the price and then realizing the quality I received . I would recommend these shocks to anyone looking to replace theirs that are looking for a more `` truck/SUV '' feeling to their vehicle.It sure is not like driving on a cloud , and that 's not what you are buying these for ! The shocks are great .
 my explorer naver drove better it so smoth driving on the highway kyb is all thatand thay was not hard to put on it
 My truck is base model pickup and is sorely lacking in storage space . This product added lots of useful space . The installation took all of fifteen minutes , inlcuding unpacking the box . My truck has a dark charcol grey interior and this storage unit blends in perfectly , it really does look like it came from the factory .
 Nice productEasy installI 'm very happy with the unit
 One instantly feels the smooth edges and surfaces of this piece ; unlike so many cheap imported goods.The light weight is nice for one 's pockets or lighter purses , plus saves wear in the key 's receiver in the dash.I find it a simple , elegant design .
 Owners of 2000 thru 2002 Lincoln LS 3.9 L should take advantage of the extraordinary quality of this brand of oil filter . Will not fit 2003-2006 3.9 L Lincolns due to addition of factory oil cooler . I have done extensive research on filters and some are true junk . Most junk filters will last 3K miles before the bypass opens . You will run unfiltered oil if that happens . With the trend to use synthetic oils some neglect the oil filter . There are many quality filter that can last 5000-5500 miles before needing service while using full synthentic . Avg filter pleates range from 40 to an amazing 88 on the Mann . Oil is expensive and using a junk oil filter just does n't make sense with synthetic oils . Check the 2001 Jag S type with 4.0 L . It uses the same oil filter
 This one is the one to get as it has a &#34; Zerk &#34; grease fitting . Much better than the original on a $ 40K Buick Park Ave. when new . All that money for sub standard parts . If you can not grease a front end fitting it will fail long before 100K Miles .
 These are high quality replacements for my factory originals . A/C Delco has a good reputation , and these were just as expected . Prompt shipping , too .
 Prefect product , easily installed , took off one star because no instructions included . Was hoping a torque setting would be included , instead I had to look it up .
 I love this product , I Have a Ford F150 , did the running boards , bed rail caps , trim around back window , tail gate handle , I even did my tires and then cleaned off the white letters with lacquer thinner , here and there I got a little on the paint and it wiped right off no problem , The other guys car must be dry with no wax if he had trouble getting it off paint . It does penetrate not just sit on top . Seven months since applied and still looks new !
 I did not take off cladding before using . If you do not remove the cladding , or mask off paint with tape before applying , be careful not to get on your paint . Best results come from taking your time and just being careful . It will come off with rubbing compound or lightly -LRB- very lightly -RRB- rubbing with Brasso . Brasso also takes it off the chrome.Before applying , Forever Black works best if you scrub molding and cargo bed panels with comet or ajax w / plastic bristle brush to remove chalky oxidation . My cladding was very faded and it took 3 applications to get jet black results . I let it sit/dry for 24 hours , then I applied 3 coats of liquid floor wax . Dries clear and overall results looks like freshly applied Armor All.WOW - looks absolutely fantastic . Not sure how long it will last , but if I have to do this once a year to maintain , it is well worth the effort for these results.Great product .
 worked great got rid of the trouble codes i was getting no more hesitation i belive this was the OEM part
 I purchased these brake pads , pd309 thermoquiet wagner from amazon and they are well made , exel thickness and fit perfect . Best of all they have no vibration sqieal . Most recomended .
 nice option to buy these attachments individually rather than a whole new bleeder for every new car I get . worked great on my 2002 BMW m3 .
 TyphoonMax x500 12V CompressorThis is the real deal . Any other portable -LRB- 12 volt -RRB- air compressor I 've ever used over the years , and I always carry one in every car , is a toy by comparison . Fast , quiet , convenient to use and then pack , emergency light built in , excellent large tire gauge , easy to use screw-on tire chuck . This is an industrial strength item . Now I 'm going to have to replace the four other ` toy ' compressors I 've gotten for my family 's cars .
 This unit is GREAT works exactly as advertised . Keir Darcey reviewed it as a 1 without even purchasing the unit very deceitful dont pay any attention to his review !!! If you want a great product to fill tires on the road buy this one . .
 ITEM IS JUST AS I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE/WORKS ON HIGH PRESSURE TRUCK TIRES AND THE LIGHT COMES IN HANDY .
 They are the same thing that comes on newer boats , speaking from the viewpoint of my 1983 Chaparral . Screws right into the bottom of the manifold and come with thread sealer already on it . Will make winterization easier than my old elbows that did not have drains in them . the only bad thing is they are plastic , and not as durable as the metal elbows , but unless you drop the manifold this should n't be a problem.Note
 awesome sticker and great company with great communication too ! Highly recommended ! My sister was thrilled to get this and they put cardboard around it on both sides so it wouldnt get bent in the mail !
 This item was priced great and arrived quickly . The finish was n't great , but I plugged it in and it has been functioning great ! I 'm very happy with the value .
 These are the highest quality ceramic pads available antwhere and the price was right and quality could n't be beat!Worked great !
 Now this is a funnel ! talk about capacity , the only thing I can see that may be a problem in the future is the screen does not appear to be replaceable.But that I can live with .
 This funnel is big and I use it all the time . Large end is 8 inches , small end is 1.25 inches . Works great , no spillage ! I did remove the screen though so thicker stuff would pour thru .
 This funnel works just as expected . The only thing that was hard to deal with , was the size ! maybe a foot or more wide and more than a foot long , could be used on your car , if need be : -RRB-
 You get two of these in the package along with an assortment of crimp wire connectors . Great way to clean those wires up and the battery terminals and gives you a nice clean connection . These can even be used as a ground . Pricing was n't too bad . Good product .
 This product appears well made and very suitable for it 's purpose -LRB- conveniently adding auxiliary connections -RRB- . It appears to offer enough thread length to connect several accessories , etc. . The only problem I had is that it was the wrong thread size for my -LRB- 2002 Toyota Tundra -RRB- battery terminal , so I was unable to use it . The Amazon specification sheet does n't state the thread size . If it had , I might have avoided the problem .
 This item was just as described in the ad and arrived on time . It is nice to get a Great Deal .
 This was a really great part , shipped fast , and was as decribed . Looked great once installed with my single feed fuel line !
 These tires have been the longest lasting on my husbands motorcycle . 1 set am 41 / am 42 rear tire , will las a year before buying another set and he commutes 100 miles a day . These are the best bang for the buck . I will always buy Avon tires and have been for 5 yrs already .
 The best tires I 've ever tried ! Just wonder how Metzelers do , but by now , being these my first pair of Avons , I 'm really impressed on how they improve the handling of my Sabre .
 EXCELLENT GOOD PRODUCT BETTER THAN EXPECTED THANKS Do explain why you liked or disliked this product Do explain why you liked or disliked this product .
 OUSTANDING , WONDERFUL i was able to give to my personal engine the look that i was looking for , i love to have organize , and looking at the ignition wires look so organize i 'm geting more .
 If you are like me and you bought your car used VW without floor mats then you may be familiar with the frustration of trying to replace them . No longer available from the dealer , the oem mats are only available used at a price way higher than these . After trying several different generic fit and cut to fit mats I still could not get mats that fit properly . The contours needed are to aggressive and I could not trim enough to keep the mats flat on the ground . The other issue I personally had was all of the other mats were too long and I no longer had the clearance for the clutch pedal . Sounds strange but it 's true . I wore a hole through one mat in a matter of weeks due to this . These mats are cut perfectly , In my car they match the contours just right , finally the mats can sit flush on the floor . They also stop right before the clutch pedal so my aforementioned issue is now a distant memory . Not only do they avoid the problems of the generic mats but they also cover more area of the floor which is great . You ca n't go wrong with these mats . The material is n't all that great but it 's still better than the auto part store mats . I can only imagine the higher end options offered are far superior in feel and quality . But these get the job done for a fair price , I am pleased with these .
 I purchased a set of these glow plugs for an International B275 farm tractor , which is notorious for difficult cold-starting . I was really impressed , these plugs were glowing red-hot within 20 seconds ; the older ones took nearly a minute to get to that temperature . I strongly recommend these plugs for all 1960s and 1970s vintage Mercedes-Benz and International Diesel engines !
 Adapted to an application not supported but works very well . Tech support from Holley was quick and very helpful . Really made an improvement over stock TBI .
 The freshners smell soooooo good and you get to so off your heritage at the same time i LOVE it . When i run out I 'm buying more .
 This is the first order for me for k & n and also amazon . I will definetly order again and pay the price for k & n products in the future.Amazon kept me well informed of my order through email.It even arrived earlier than they had originally thought .
 I recently received my sunshade and I am very pleased and satisfied . It fits perfectly , better than I expected . Its a custom fit . Easy to put up and take down . Its more rigid than others I 've seen and stays in place by itself . Great heat reduction inside the car . I 'm glad I got mine .
 I bought this for my '08 Civic coupe . Shipment was prompt , the sunshade is of good quality and does a great job of reflecting heat but the fit is not perfect . It 's a little taller than it needs to be and always seems to get caught on the roof line when putting it in place . The ends do not exactly match the shape of the windshield on the '08 coupe but it still provides 100 % coverage . I do n't know what the difference is between the Si coupe , standard coupe and the sedan , perhaps it fits the Si or the sedan perfectly.The bottom line is that I 'm satisfied with this product and would probably buy it again -LRB- I bought one for my Suburban and it does fit perfectly -RRB- , but if your looking for an absolutely perfect fit for an '08 coupe you may want to consider other choices .
 Since the sun shade has arrived it has worked great , fitting perfectly against the entire windshield , with no issues like saging . I will also add I do n't work for the companies involved in the production and sales of this unit . . I can honestly say it 's one of the best sunshields I havepurchased for a car with a fit this good in quite a while . .
 The sunshade fits perfectly , however , because the windshield on the Honda Civic is so large , the sunshade is large and hard to roll up when you are not using it . My suggestion to the manufacturer is to make the velcro strap longer so you can strap it closed even if you are unable to get it rolled up tightly .
 I spent lots of time looking for one that would fit my huge windshield and so far this is the only one . The product does not look or feel cheap . Mine did not come with rubber attachments but it stands on its own even without the visors flipped over to contain it.It is large , but it gets the job done perfectly .
 Bought this not wanting a `` Cardboard Accordion Generic type . '' Fit is perfict and hugs the winshield nicely . is big and hard to roll up sometimes and the velcro strap use to keep it rolled up could be a few inches longer .
 Talk about blocking out the sun ! Wow this does it and the quality is really nice , better than I expected , will for sure last years . It does take a little getting use to as far as handling goes depending on the size of your windshield . I have a Honda Civic so the shade is rather large . For me , with my small hands its awkward to hold onto and roll up . In my opinion its worth every penny .
 Best , because it covers every inch of my windshield , rigid material , and keeps my car a whole lot cooler in 100 + deg weather.Worst , because it is really hard to roll up tight enough to be able to actually use the velcro strap . Most times I just roll it up best I could and throw it in the back seat , which takes up a lot of room . I 'm sure it will be a bigger problem if I have rear passengers.So you got ta really decide if going through all this trouble is worth it . For someone living in Las Vegas or similar climate , this provides so much more comfort and relief from that unforgiving desert sun , especially if your car has been sitting in the parking lot for hours .
 Sized perfectly for my Civic 2009 2D . I 've definitely noticed a difference in cabin temperature since the switch . Its size does make it a little tricky to stow .
 This Heatshield is the PERFECT fit for my 2008 Honda Civic Coupe . I ca n't even believe how it covers every single inch of the windshield . It stays in place by itself but I usually pull the visor down on top of it too . The windshield on this car is ridiculously large . Even the `` jumbo '' size off-the-shelf sun shields would n't fit!The only downside is putting it away . I 've found the easiest method is to get in the car , and crank up the air conditioner . Then pull the Heatshield off and stand up outside the car to roll it up . By the time you finish , the car will be cooled ! It only takes a second when standing . I tried to deal with it from a seated position inside the car and it 's just too large to be able to handle . It fits neatly on the floor of the backseat , or if you have kids/passengers , just throw it in the trunk.If you own a 2008 Civic , stop chasing all over town trying to find something that sort of fits . Heatshield fits like a glove . You will be thrilled !
 Filled Perfectly the Crystal of My Civic Coupe 2006 . It 's a Little Complicated to Mount and Unmount Because Is Big .
 This sunshade is an exact fit in the window . Car stays super cool . That is important in Las Vegas . I am considering getting more for my other cars . So why 4 stars and not 5 ? Rolling it back up an storing . . takes practice . Have not found the trick to make it easy . Not really the fault of the window shade . Car is tiny , Window is big on a 2007 Civic coupe ! Room is tight and the shade can slip open while rolling it closed sometimes . This makes you have to start over . Easier to be outside the car to roll it up .
 It fits very well . you do not need to pull down the visors . But , it is so big and I just throw it in the back seat . Well , civic has a big windshield and this is the only product that works !
 I drive a 2006 Honda Civic Coupe , and this sunshade fits wonderfully !! Well , the height is a tad bit taller than the windshield , so the top of the shades extend a little bit over the roof line . However , the sunshade is rigid and stays in place , and so , I LOVE it !! It 's good quality , easy to put up , and it does n't really need the aid of visors , which is a good thing because both of my visors fell apart . I just make sure I push in the sunshade at the sides so that it 'll stay put . It covers the entire windshield , and it 's very effective at reducing the amount of heat . I 'm really satisfied , and I recommend this sunshade !!
 I do n't think it 's possible to make a better sunscreen for the gigantic Honda Civic windshield . That 's just being honest . I bought it and it reduces the heat in the car by about 80 % . It goes up quick , stays in place , and really shields the heat .
 Item is slightly wider than the windshield and a perfect fit in height for my 2010 LX coupe . It WILL stay up on its own without folding down the visors , however it does n't fold up for storage , it rolls up , so expect a wrestling match that will leave it taking up your entire back seat when you 're in a hurry . The Civic has a huge windshield that wo n't fit an off the shelf sunshade , so this is your best bet .
 My review is short and to the point . Fits perfectly , high quality -LRB- for a sun shade -RRB- , no sag whatever . Nuff said . I have a 2010 Civic coupe .
 I really like this kit as a `` base '' starter kit , but I would like the cleaner and conditioner to be larger in size in future products . I use those faster than the other items .
 This product is GREAT ! I retro-fitted my 1990 Camry from R12 to R134.Originally , I looked up the specs for my car and it said to use 26 ounces of refrigerant . It was warm as hell and I was very disappointed . THEN , I went to a few blogs and was told that when retro-fitting from R12 to R134 you must put MUCH less refrigerant . I experimented . It is the COLDEST with ONE can of refrigerant , which is only 12 ounces . When you retrofit , do NOT overfill with refrigerant . Even the manufacturer says to use 80 Per Cent of what your original R12 system took , but even THAT much is too much.Put one can in and try your AC first . For my 1990 Camry , it is coldest with one 12 ounce can .
 I got this kit to retrofit/repair my '92 toyota 's failing a/c system . It has been a few months now since I used it and the a/c works perfectly . The leaks are gone , the compressor works quitely and the system seems to work even colder than before . A local a/c shop quoted me $ 381 for recharging the system , it would have been higher for detecting and fixing any leaks .
 I am very happy . My old A/C -LRB- R12 -RRB- is running again . It was very easy to use and much more cheaper than filling by Bosch-Service -LRB- estimate
 I bought this kit to do a 134a retrofit on a 1990 F150 . The system still had R12 in it so all I had to do was have the R12 evacuated and then install this kit and charge . The local garage evacuated the system for free , likely because they got to keep the R12 . Using this kit was basically as simple as screwing on two fittings and charging the system . Because the capacity of the F150 's system is so large I did have to add an additional can of 134a , but for most cars the 33oz included in the kit should be plenty.One of the things about this kit is that you are supposed to leave the original oil in the system and there is supposed to be chemicals in the included cans that make it compatible with 134a . In addition there is additional oil as well as stop leak premixed in the cans . This certainly simplifies the process . I will not know though how reliable this `` mix '' ends up being for some time , but I can say that the vents are blowing cold which is a major improvement .
 The seller did a great job getting it to me , I had it in 4 days , THANX . The product itself was n't the best quality . The fitting for the low pressure side was cheaply made . It has a plastic peice inside that depresses the original valve . It cruched when I screwed it on , very easily . I had to drill out the old valve , drill out the plastic peice and install an o-ring to make it work . The rest was good , but 3 cans of freon is not enough , I had to use 4 .
 I did n't realize how bad my filter had become . Two years of California fires ... the last one leaving ash on my car for a week . It had really mucked up my filter . What a difference this filter makes . My 6 cylinder Mercedes with 160,000 mi . runs like new , and is back to its 23mpg . I just purchased another K&N for our MDX ... it should arrive any day ... stay tuned . Monterey Bay , CA
 item worked out great , greaseable links.only bad was that post office would not leave in mailbox even tho it would fit with ease.opt for other delivery options .
 Premium product for bargain price ! Easy to install and clean once a year . I 've already bought 3 for my cars . You got your money back in two years . Also your car acceleration gets a kik ! I can highly recommend to everybody !
 An exelente filter and an exelent peerformance for my Jeep Grand Cherokee 99 . I have one for my Mercedes 260E 88 and work perfect with exelent performance .
 I have used K&N products on and off for the past 20 years . This filter is par for the course . Excellent quality and long-term value . Installation does n't get much easier . It came pre-oiled and ready to go . Would have been 5 stars but they failed to include a small bottle of oil for cleaning -LRB- K&N does this with most of their models -RRB- .
 Why would you buy any other filter . 1 million mile warranty and only needs cleaned every 50,000 miles . A great alternative to the cheap air filter . Every single time I go to have my car inspected they compliment me for putting one of the best air filters in my car and know not to ask me if I want to change my air filter . If your mechanic asks if you want to change your filter and see 's it a K&N ... you should get a new mechanic !
 Extremely easy to fit . Spent some extra time , cleaning bay and then drove gently around for 10 minutes . Put foot down to overtake a stopping car and my ol' Grand Cherokee nearly leapt out of its skin ! Best $ $ $ per HP increase around : - -RRB-
 I will make this short and sweet . I had a problem with my S10 Blazer not starting . It appeared that the fuel pump would only come on sometimes , when the ignition switch was turned . I researched it a little bit , and after going on the one main Blazer Forums website , the consensus was that the likely culprit was the ignition switch - the other general consensus was that it was a good idea to spend a little more money and go with the AC Delco brand . I took the advice , installed the switch , and everything is working great ! I have found that you get what you pay for , and this was no exception . Search Amazon a little bit , and more than likely , this is where you will find the best price .
 The price was amazing it was $ 30 less than an aftermarket switch from the local discount stores . Not bad for an oem part . Shipping was fast as well .
 The was a Delco direct replacement part that was price lower than the after market versions available.It fit perfectly and arrived quickly .
 if u think u need it this is the place to get it ! see automotive forums for how to install !
 But did n't fix the code issue I had -LRB- I was operating on bad ` net info -- NOT the switches ' fault ! -RRB- Too bad I wasted about 2 hours -LRB- and $ 75 -RRB- on this `` fix '' . Again , this switch assembly was GREAT -- just make sure you really need it ...
 If you have ` cat person ' friends ... this is a hit!Cat butts seem to inspire hilarity in this group -LRB- ok , they 're funny ! -RRB- - and these stickers are nothing if not versatile!The possibilities are endless !
 I bought these as a stocking stuffer for a friend for Christmas . The stickers are hilarious in a wonderfully naughty and adult way , with pictures of housewives of the 40 's and 50 's coupled with captions that would never have passed muster back then . If you want to see someone crack up laughing , buy these .
 I have the original Cat Butts magnet set , and this was a gift for my partner . I/we loved them . They arrived in perfect condition , the are flat -LRB- obviously -RRB- , but the sticker sheet is long . However , they were not bent , or damaged in any way . Very pleased .
 Used this Delco switch to replace a recently installed `` after market '' switch that was very fragile mechanically . Original problem was `` no brake lights '' . Very happy with the performance of this switch which is of much better construction than the previous `` after-market '' that failed after 6 months . This switch has been in service now for about six years with no problems .
 The pump works well and was installed very easily . It was a replacement for a 1995 Ford F-150 . Product comes with installation instructions , but it was an easy replacement without them .
 Instal&eacute; la bomba del limpiaparabrisas en mi Mercury Cougar 1982 en Venezuela y funcion&oacute; correctamente , sin problemas , Art&iacute;culo de excelente calidad .
 Good cheap priced product . Really cleaned up my S10 engine bay . Replaced stock s10 v6 breather tubes/pvc filters . Looks really sharp now .
 Put this on a mid 80 's Chevy pickup truck with a small block V8 . Worked great . Wish the PO had done this when the motor was put in .
 I use these filters on a grass track bike -LRB- side car -RRB- . It improved the performance of the engine significally . Other racers are requesting me to suplly these filters .
 This is NOT chrome , it 's like a plastic material that looks like chrome.So if your getting these to go 4 wheeling then do n't . Now if your just getting these to make your jeep pop and look nice then buy them.Installation is literally just clean off area , peel , stick , hold tight ... That 's it ... I love mine .
 I have bought other Putco products before and they are easy to install , have adequate intructions , and look very good . Again Amazon was spot on and timely with their delivery and price .
 Hi I am from Costa Rica ... I bought this product for my brother . He has a mazda B2500 98 and It works great ...
 This is not listed as a filter for a Kawasaki 2009-2011 250 R Ninja . But it fits well and does the job perfectly . Love it !
 Filter fits great on my 2006 ninja 250 . I was very pleased that i installed the filter within 10 minutes .
 This was a PITA to get fit onto my carb for the Ninja 250 , but it 's good . You get what you get when you get a universal filter . Definitely provides better air flow .
 Purchased K&N R-0990 for hot rod project . After searching for a air cleaner set up , found the perfect match in K&N product listing . I ordered them quick smart , expecting them to take weeks to a month to arrived . OMG they arrived in 6 days !!!! Excellent service , the tracking system was awesome . GREAT SERVICE , highly recommend . Best of all , they fitted PERFECT . Thanks for the excellent product and service .
 Love this air filter !!! After I re-jetted and raised my needles my ninji feels very responsive in all ranges ... If you get this for your ninja or any carbed bike you will most likely need to re-jet to compensate for increased air flow . Enjoy !
 Filter replaces the airbox on the Mk3 Norton with lot of room to spare . Fits good and looks good on the bike , better quality than the original filter system .
 I bought this one before 2007 winter ! It is still good now . I love it , fits perfectly either in my Buick or Toyota !
 My local front end shop had told me i needed adjustable upper ball joints to correct my tire wear problem , After pricing these with four differnt auto parts stores , I found them to be the least expensive through Amazon , So i purchased them and saved about $ 40.00 dollars total.Not a bad savings for a little price shopping !!!
 fit great and look great ... first ones I found at a reasonable price . Covers area very well and I would recommend
 Moog has always made great USA products for supension , would recommend MOOG to anyone rebuildingtheir suspension , looking forward to purchasing more supension parts soon , thank you for great products .
 There is no upgraded intake for my amg so this product worked out great since I was only looking to make it more attractive . It is plastic but so is what it replaced and it looks so much better then stock.I would recommend for someone who needs to build a custom intake easily .
 It 's actually more bothersome than it is worth in my truck . Although , I did find a use for it , covering a damaged seat on a chair on my back deck ! So all in all , not a complete waste .
 Item is more than I expected very nice quality and design for the money . Very good fit looks great ! Item arrived very well packaged
 I purchaced 2 of these cushions.I 've had them for almost a year now.They 're made out of good fabric and are holding up very well . They look great and they dress up the interior . Plus they also save a lot of wear & tear on your seats . The only draw back is they side around when getting in & out of the car or truck . BUT for a GREAT quick dress up & seat protector you CA N'T beat them for the price !! I hope this helps you on your purchace of the Dodge Ram Seat Cushions !
 This is the second set of cushions I 've purchased for my 2004 Ram 1500 . The first pair was 3 years old and starting to show wear and tear on the edges you sit on . This comes from getting in and out of the vehicle . The padding had begun to sag a bit too . For the price I think they 're a great deal . I installed the new set and now I 'm back to the clean crisp look , comfort and support that the stock seat does not provide . Very cool .
 I have a 1975 ford f250 -LRB- ranger xlt -RRB- with a 460 cid engine . These wire holders work great with a valve cover bolt . chrome adds a little class to the ford blue engine .
 Great price and shipping , moog Is a excellent product , saved about $ 30.00 dollars total buying from Amazon .
 Love the shift knob , Perfect feel , Except when its cold , Very bright Blue LED Light is amazing , Matches perfectly , LED Runs off car battery and Dash Light wire , No batteries means it will never go out . 4/5
 This knob is worth the money . The weight feels solid . The lights are SUPER bright . And the installation was a breeze . The packaging even gives suggestions of what you can wire it into . Much better than my stock knob .
 The size and style is what I like the most ! It 's nice and small and lightweight . The only problem is that it does n't fit my boot properly . The boot is a lot bigger so there is a gap between the boot and the knob . The LED are really bright and looks good at night . I wired mine to a cigar lighter so I can plus it in when I like . Mainly because if it 's on during the day it 's pointless . Overall I 'm happy with the product . The wires are thin and I had to take some of the tube on the boot off so the wire fit through it . The wire did n't break although it was close .
 The wires are small but I see no reason why they would break as others have said . I had no trouble with installation . The only downside is the brightness . Makes the car like a tanning bed at night . I have it so it comes on with the headlights but I may put it on a switch because it gets irritating on long drives . I see no problems with the product other than I wish it just lit up but not at the intensity of an airport beacon .
 There 's only 1 real down side to this shifter . It 's metal so it gets cold . A few points to note the light is super bright so you may need to use some resisters to tone it down , this is a good thing because you can always tone it down not up . Nextly you really should use blue loctite on the collar locking screws otherwise they will come loose . With the loctite it has never come loose on me . To followup to the person who said the wires are to small and broke , this item is FULLY dismantable , you simply turn the collar from the top it will unscreen and you can replace the led or put a different color LED in it .
 After installing this new air filter , the car seems to have more power . I have not done any measurement such as change in MPG .
 This part does n't fit Toyota Camry 2008 LE 2.4 L model -LRB- regular , not hybrid -RRB- . Amazon product configurator is a bit confusing some times . I now should cross check with another auto dealer 's web site for compatible . I have to return it and too much hassle to box it up and go to post office . Look for K&N model 33-2370 if you are looking for regular 2008 Toyota Camry LE .
 This fit perfectly in an 04 camry and the price is great . Just $ 30 for a lifetime filter . I put a K&N in almost every car .
 Fast shipping and good price . Great sale that made me get these filters for all of my rides . Well worth the price of the filter .
 This filter was a drop in replacement for the air filter in my 2002 Camry LE , V6 . It was a bit of a struggle to get the back hinges lined up to close the air filter cover ; but it was not due to this filter . Would have been the same effort with replacing with any other air filter . Have been running for a month without any issues .
 It was perfect fit for my Toyota 2007 Camry Hybrid and I noticed my car 's engine was getting plenty of air and extra horse power as soon as I replaced the old filter with it . Delivery of this item was made within a week after placing my order and packaging was also more than adequate . I am very satisfied with my purchase and I will check back to Amazon when I need my air filter next time .
 I purchased this filter 2 weeks ago for my 2002 Camry , after reviewing what other people said here and on other websites . It replaced a dirty paper filter and the difference was very clear ! My car runs better , is more quiet when idling , and runs smooth downtown , on the highway and when I drive up in the mountains . I probably would have seen the same effect with a new paper filter , but the fact that I can clean this one and reuse it , made me decide to buy this one . Even if I would only use it for 50K miles and throw it away it would still be worth the price you pay at Amazon .
 Make no mistake , K & N filters are top notch , but beware of people who claim huge improvements in mileage and power -LRB- i.e. 10-15 % -RRB- . With the billions of dollars the auto industry has spent trying to improve gas mileage and power , every car made in the world would have these as original equipment if such gains were possible . If life were only so simple . People who replace a CLOGGED filter with a new one will notice an improvement -LRB- if it 's clogged badly enough , the improvement might be that your car runs now -RRB- . Definitely better than many in fit and quality , plus being reusable , but a magic bullet it is not . A clogged K & N filter will also cause performance problems , it 's just that all you have to do is clean it properly , and you are off and running ; whereas a paper filter , you have to throw it out .
 I purchased two of these , one for a 2003 Camry and the other for a 2008 Sienna . It is a very easy installation , just pop off the filter cover for the old one and slip these pre-oiled filters in . Great for a car 's lifetime . Two words of caution though
 I have been using a K&N ; filter on my Toyota Sienna for three or four years . I like to change my filter often , like every 5,000 miles or so , because the cleaner the filter , the better the engine runs . But it gets expensive if you have to pay $ 16 every time you change it.My solution was the K&N ; filter . It cost me about $ 50 new -LRB- from an auto parts store -- I see it 's cheaper on Amazon -RRB- . But I have cleaned and reinstalled it so many times that I have saved tons of money compared with buying a new filter every time . The cleaning and oiling kit costs about $ 12 , but it lasts a good 2-3 years -LRB- I 'm guessing maybe 10 cleanings -RRB- . What 's even better , though , is that when my filter started wearing out -- not the filter part but the rubber gasket that goes around the filter -- all I had to do was email K&N ; 's customer service . They told me to email them a picture of the defective filter , and then they mailed me a brand new one . When they call it a lifetime filter , they really mean it!You do n't find such excellent customer service all that often .
 For under 40 bucks , this K&N filter was an excellent deal . Just on the fact it is washable/reuseable numerous time makes it a great deal already . After changing it , I did notice a smoother acceleration . As for it improving by a few HP , no idea on that .
 It is great that the filter is suppose to last for many years . I have had it for about a year with no problems and have not had to clean it yet . At least for my car , I have not noticed any significant increase in the engine horsepower -LRB- hence the four stars -RRB- .
 I have an '07 Toyo Solora 4-banger and this product increased horsepower AND increased MPG by 5 points ! Awesome , totally worth the money ... quick delivery ! Just be aware that cleaning this air filter means purchasing the cleaning kit since the filter is not easy to clean .
 Love the KN filter . This was purchased for my V6 2004 Highlander . I have had installed now for 2 years . It has been great to not have to spend $ 15 every 7500 miles on an air filter . I did n't notice any changes in acceleration or HP from it . I purchased it for its durability and money savings . And it will save you money.I would advise to all you DIY . Be careful with installing it . I broke both my clips on the air filter box that holds this filter by trying to muscle them closed . Go figure , you would have thought after the first I would have been more gentle . Anyhow just some words of caution .
 I bought this air filter to save money on replacements , and am quite surprised and happy at the gas mileage increase I am seeing ! I was getting pretty good mileage with my 2002 Camry at 34 MPG on the highway , but I 've seen it increase to 38 MPG ! I highly recommend this product !
 I had K&N ; filters before on BMW cars in the early 2000s , despite all sorts of warnings about it can damage mass air flow -LRB- MAF -RRB- meter . Love them because they do give that extra-something to the engine during acceleration.K & N ; now assures public that its tests were accepted by major car manufacturers , and that it will not void any warranty by the dealer service centers . That obviously speaks volumes . I got this for a recent model Sienna V6 and it fits fine . Look forward to save money over the lifetime while increase engine performance a bit .
 This is my third K&N ; filter that I had purchased . When Amazon had a sale , I immediately bought a third for my 05 Camry . I also have filters for my 2007 Highlander and 1997 Chevy G3500 . They all have given me smoother acceleration and a 10 % increase in fuel economy . I went from 19-20MPG to 22-23MPG . It 's only a couple MPG , but it really adds up in the long run . I was n't expecting massive gains , because as other reviewers have said , if these filters gave significant increases in MPG , all the Car manufacturers would be installing these as standard or creating their own versions.As for the horsepower increase claim , I would only know if I put the car on a Dyno , so I ca n't say if there 's a difference.Overall , worth the buy if you do n't want to keep buying new disposable filters .
 I bought the K&N Air Filter 33-2260 for my Lexus ES330 . I can automatically see that instead of the regular 310-320 miles I normally drove with a full tank of gas , I now drive 340 miles with the same type of driving . It also costs the same as what the Lexus dealership would put in my car , so this is already a better deal
 Installed this filter in our 2005 Lexus RX330 . Noticed immediate improvement in throttle response and overall driveability . Solid increase in MPG of 3 for this application . I recommend it .
 It was easy to install and I did see a noticeable improvement in the gas mileage and power .
 Install was fairly easy on the 02 Camry , although I had to bend the cover and the attached tubing in order to install the filter . If there was an easier way for me to remove the cover , then the install would have been cake.A word of advice to anyone purchasing or thinking about purchasing for the first time
 It was too easy to install the filter . The engine runs much smoother . Acceleration is crisper and faster . I do n't have to change the filter as often . I used K&N filters before .
 K&N ; 's reputation is earned by producing a great product.Thank You.Jeff Lacy
 I have used K&N Air Filters since 1989 on various cars -LRB- approx . 700,000 miles -RRB- with good results . Not having to buy paper replacement filters has saved a lot of money , 15 % additional power and 10 % additional gas mileage .
 No directions and I was confused which side to put it in . Google it I guess . However no issues . I did not look to see if there was any gas improvements .
 I gave this a 5 because it is exactly what we needed , it was as advertised and was a perfect fit . It was quick and easy to install and went in with no problems into our 2010 Toyota Highlander -LRB- Sport , 3.5 L -RRB- .
 I started using this type of filter long ago for both performance and longevity . For any engine you care about and plan to keep it 's the only way to go .
 just got this today in the mail . i took alomst a week cause i live in idaho and it shipped from ky and the hurricane sandy slowed things down too . i installed in in acouple of mins and i drove a before and after and it does add a little pep and u can here a little more suction . i bought it for my wifes 03 camry . so far so good only time will tell to see the gas mileage go up or stay the same . .
 excelent on cold starts , you can feel the power and also hear it at a beautiful tone nothing loud . saves gas on highway and on every maintenance . ! excelent product will recomend this to anyone .
 I feel a much power in my car now . Too bad , there 's no air intake system kit for this car . Do n't have to worry about replacing it .
 Product was a very easy install in the 2008 Toyota Highlander . I have not noticed an increase in fuel economy nor a significant increase in HP . If the filter can withstand the additional usage compared to OEM filters it will be worth the money . Amazon was easy to get what was needed .
 I was getting about 15 MPG around town in my 2008 Toyota Highlander and am now up to 18.8 MPG ... all city driving . I have been using K&N air filters since my 1998 Mustang GT and have since bought one for my 2006 Nissan Murano and 2006 VW Jetta . They are well worth the money over the long run and I will always use them in my future vehicles . Plus , I was able to find the best price on Amazon that included free shipping !
 Got this for our Toyota Sienna XLE and it was a snap to replace . I did make a mistake though and accidentally forgot to hook the electronics back up before starting the van . Threw a bunch of codes , had to go to Advance Auto to eliminate the codes . I could feel the difference . Will update in a few months when I clean it . So far , so great .
 After reading both positive and negative comments regarding K&N Filters , I decided to give one a try anyway . This particular one was $ 28 from Amazon and $ 44 or more through local auto parts stores . I normally pay about $ 13 for a replacement . My thinking is that after cleaning it and reusing it three times I will be saving a little money . After running about 500 miles since installing it , I have noticed the car seems to have more `` spunk '' and I am getting `` a little '' more MPG . I have read where it increases HP and MPG , but that 's not really why I bought one of the filters . At this point all I can say is `` so far , so good . '' The true results will be 20000 + miles down the road ...
 This is a great product . The cost is similar to a Lexus disposable air filter .
 This is my third KN filter -LRB- my third vehicle -RRB- , and has not disappointed . Beware , tho - the installation on an 08 Highlander is not as easy as `` loosen the nut and remove the cover '' that other vehicles have . Still , it was worth the effort .
 I put this in a 2008 Toyota Highlander 3.5 L V6 . It fit well , I have no complaints and would definitely recommend it to anyone .
 Love these filters i have used these for years k & n air filters in both my suv right now in my 99 isuzu vehicross and my 09 infiniti fx35 , there expensive at first but you save in the long run without have to keep replacing them , easy to clean and reoil are they hype or are they the truth you have decide i would recommed them .
 i install in my sienna the next day.i like it and i will to my friends but some of my friends said k & n is junk collecting so much rubbish
 I have used these on all my vehicles for the last 20 years . &#60; &#60; &#60; Caution &#62; &#62; &#62; Do not over oil the filter after cleaning as this could result in a very expensive repair of a fouled MAP sensor .
 Saves gas!Saves money by washing and reusing the same deviceNo need to memorize what model and what fits , coz I do n't need to buy another filter anymore . I bought the cleaner and rejuvenator as well . Great buy
 I apparently ordered an incorrect size as the filter did not fit my car thus I returned it !
 I bought this tool from Amazon some years ago and it has been a blessing ever since . I recommend this to anyone who works on Honda Manual B Series cars and transmissions . It removes the infamous ` B * tch pin ' effortlessly every single time.There is not much more I can say than `` It 's a perfectly designed tool ''
 I just got a new Honda Fit which has a 28x40 cargo area . The custom fit cargo tray can not be found on eBay or elsewhere for less than $ 80 . It retails for $ 109 , then there 's shipping . Customers also complain about how thin the custom fit tray is . Well , this $ 20 tray -LRB- free shipping if you buy something else like I did -RRB- is ideal . The 28 '' side fits perfect , and the extra 6 '' next to the sides of the cargo area are fine with me . I keep folded towels there since they come in handy with the beaches here in Florida . The mat is black which matches the interior of the 2008 Honda Fits . The mat is heavy duty , quality with a 100 year warranty -LRB- yes - 100 years ! -RRB- . Love it .
 I was looking for something inexpensive to protect the back of my wife 's small SUV -LRB- BMW X3 -RRB- and this one did the trick . You can easily pull it out and wash it down with your garden hose . I did n't want to spend $ 80 + for a form fitting model . For $ 20 this one seemed to be the best deal . Lightweight , flexible rubber/plastic . I would recommend this product .
 We set our snowblower on this so there 's no water dripping all over the garage floor . It 's exactly what we needed .
 I needed a cargo tray , with a raised lip , for my 2008 Saturn Vue XE but did n't want to spend $ 80 + . For less than $ 25 and free Amazon shipping , this is a super bargain . I was pleasantly surprised at the quality and it works great for my every day `` mom '' stuff -LRB- like the gallon of milk that leaked from the grocery store ... -RRB- . Shipping was very fast -LRB- I received it 2-3 days after ordering -RRB- . I was so impressed I ordered another for my mother 's 2009 Chevy HHR for Christmas ...
 I use this for a floor covering under the cat 's litter box . Works great and if you would use it for an suv it would work in the way it was designed . Note it is not heavy gauge as the price would indicate . Yet for the money it works as intended . If you are looking for a thick high quality product go with Weathertech .
 I recently bought a sport SUV . The rear cargo area is carpeted and anything placed there slipped and slid . This mat prevents that from happening . It is not as wide as the area , but area holds even several grocery bags . Does what I needed it to do .
 I hit upon using this inexpensive tray in the garage as a drip tray for a small electric snow-thrower , snow shovels , pusher , brooms , ice chippers , and so forth . It 's big enough to store all that stuff as the snow melts , and it keeps the water from running all over the garage floor . Great item , great price !
 The only thing I would change on this mat is the height of the lip because it is something you have to deal with when putting heavy items in the truck . On the other hand , it definitely keeps spills contained . At only $ 20 , however , this mat is worth every penny . If you investigate the cost of similar items elsewhere , you know exactly what I mean . I would definitely buy this again .
 This product fit great in the back of my '08 Saturn Vue . We were going to buy from the dealer , but for the price this one works just great !
 Vewry good quality but sizes are too small so you have to order one size up from you normal size .
 This is my first leather jacket so I have nothing to compare it to , but here goes.The armour is exactly as pictured and described -LRB- although not as shiny , but who cares -RRB- It comes with an removable inner lining for colder climates -LRB- which I wont need since it never goes under 20 degrees Celsius where I live -RRB- Zippers seem sturdy -LRB- metal YKK zips -RRB- PROSThe fit on this jacket is snug , but not tight , just secure and comfortable and the leather seems pretty thick and sturdy.This jacket feels really sturdy . Thick leather , good shoulder , back , elbow and forearm padsPrice !!! -LRB- About half the price of anything that claims to come close -RRB- ConsHeavy and warm -LRB- Again , I have no other jackets to compare this to , so all leather jackets may be heavy and warm to me -RRB- Bottom line , if you are looking for a leather jacket under $ 300 , nothing comes close to this . Seriously , do n't even bother looking ... just get it .
 This thing is great , it 's cheap yet very well built . It provides an excellent grip and finish and makes steering your vehicle a lot more comfortable . I bought one and installed it on my 09 ' Ford Focus and it fits and looks great . The Ford logos are the icing on the cake . Highly recommended .
 This is a great steering wheel cover for my new Ford Mustang . I will have years of protection and it fits like a glove.I highly recommend this steering wheel cover for everyone with a Ford .
 Got this for my 1996 GT Mustang . I wanted to protect my original steering wheel while it still has no cracks or damage , without spending a ton of money or worrying that a manual wrap job would look crappy . Although you need some muscle to put this on , it goes on fairly quickly and fits like a glove . It takes a little bit to get used to the ` thicker ' steering wheel but I actually like it better . It looks good and protects , all for a decent price .
 This product fits like a glove , good materials and looks . Not too hard to put on either . I had used another steering wheel cover and returned it immediatly . Thanks Amazon for the quick delivery .
 I was looking to replace my 8 year old Axius steering wheel cover as the little gripper bumps were falling off and the leather was ripping at the edges , unable to find one like it I opted for this one . It arrived a little out of shape , probably from the way it was packaged , but after putting it on my steering wheel it appears to be A-OK ! There is no rubber smell and it keeps the heat off the steering wheel . It is really smooth and padded just enough for comfort . So far I am very pleased with it !
 This cover works great . Easy to put on , looks spiffy , and does n't get hot in the sun . It feels nice too , it makes long drives easy on your hands . And the Ford logos are a nice touch . Would definitely recommend !
 I am very happy with this Ford Oval Style Premium Speed Grip Steering Wheel Cover it adds a racy and custom look that is very comfortable and easy to grip , keep the steering wheel from getting hot and adds protection from the heat , as many steering wheels I have found tend to deteriorate when exposed to the sun and heat on a daily basis . I find it much easier to control the wheel especially when turning as the wheel would slip around in my hand before adding this wheel cover to my steering wheel , I would really recommend this product as it is well made and Plasticolor brand is well known and been around for years , after following directions it was easy to get on the steering wheel , I just placed the steering cover on my dash to heat the cover as suggested then installed the cover with ease and a little help from my husband , applied very little muscle to putting this cover on and took only one minute , fast and easy .
 Installed easy and fit perfectly . Only minor issue is it does not come with new nuts to fasten the item to the grill so you have to use the old ones .
 We just purchased our second canopy from `` Coast to Coast Wholesale '' and have been again , more than satisfied ! They offer excellent products and they are always there to help and answer your questions . We needed to place our canopy on uneven ground , and the we were able to cut the legs to match the contour of this uneven ground . Our first canopy went up last winter and it still is in perfect condition with no tears or leaks . Write for their catalog , it has great pictures and additional info that will help you , it has pleanty of good ideas . Dave Z.
 I bought this canopy for my driveway in Florida ... and it is very beneficial . . especially our pounding summer rays . . and summer rain . . i would recommend this product , and if COAST TO COAST would like a better picture . . -LRB- one in real life -RRB- they should just ask .
 Exactly the part I needed for my 2.5 L Jeep TJ 2002 , I work at Pepboys and sell the same exactly product . Got this hose cheaper on here than with my discount at Pepboys lol . OVERALL
 Got this for my husband for anniversery . It fits great in F250 n looks great . So far holds up ... The screws went n at n angle for him
 I purchased this product for my 2003 Chevy Avalanche 1500 hoping to gain a little towing power and better gas mileage . I already have a Flowmaster muffler -LRB- also purchased on Amazon -RRB- -LRB- only replaced muffler no other exhaust mods . -RRB- , a throttlebody spacer , and an open airfilter . The Avalanche has a computer that tells you the average and instant miles per gallon . After adding the Airaid intake pipe my average miles per gallon went from 15.5 miles per gallon with previous modifications to 15.8 with the intake tube . This is on a 85,000 mile truck that drives almost 50/50 in town and highway . I think that is pretty good since the EPA rating for the truck when new was 17 highway . You also gain a noticeable boost in full throttle excelleration . Some of the hills on the highway that the truck used to downshift on to maintain speed it now powers up without downshift . I think it was worth the money and will eventually pay for itself over time . It will also most likely become a bigger asset after the next modification , short tube headers .
 Great fit and quality hardware . Super easy install as well . I noticed an improvement in fuel economy as well as added throttle response immediately . Save your money on expensive `` true cold air systems '' ; this unit will get you the same effects out of the stock air box for a fraction of the price .
 I bought this product after reading about it on the forum I belong too . I did n't like the look of my stock intake tube . After reading about the Airaid I thought i would give it a shot . I 'm not ready to do a full Cold Air Intake system yet . So I did the `` swiss cheese mod '' to my stock intake box -LRB- drilled about 16-18 holes in it to bring in more air . I have a K&N drop in air filter as well . The Airaid was the last mod done to my intake set up and it sounds even better at wide open throttle . The Airaid just made it sound so much better . As for as MPG increase I also have 22 '' wheels and fully expected a decline in MPG when I got them in March . I do have a slight drop but I think the Airaid really helped with the drop being less . I love this product .
 Very simple to install . Added a little noise in a good way . Using my outside temp and my BullyDog programmer I 'd say it lowered intake temp 2 degrees . The BullyDog always read 1 degree above outside . After the install it was on average 1 degree below outside temp . Already had Airaid intake filter assemble . Per my Bully Dog gauge seems to run about 1 mpg better also . Nice setup . Would buy again !
 I had a different brand intake setup on my Silverado that basically fell apart . So I threw the stock box back on and used this to go from the box to the intake . Seems well made and fit well . Not really sure how much improvement I got on performance , but it will allow the truck to breath much better than stock , so I guess it does all it is supposed to .
 Fits perfectly on my 2001 acura integra , sounds great , looks great , no problems what so ever , great packaging and product . Awsome !
 This item came brand new in the case although in the picture it shows that it comes with 2 black hoses and when I opened mine it came with 1 really short hose that was of no use to me so I had to go out and get my own to make this application fit . Overall the intake itself is awesome I love it .
 Although the picture does not match , the item is EXACTLY what I wanted . The Ford dealer wanted $ 150.00 for this cable , plus had to order it . This is the OEM positive and negative battery cable assembly/harness and has the Ford tape on it . I tried buying the same item online elsewhere and after being told the item was in stock , I received an e-mail stating the item `` Just went out of stock '' soon after receiving my payment . I am now escalating the issue with PayPal to receive a refund . Live and learn . Next time I 'll go to Amazon.com first . Thanks for providing what you promised .
 Quickly delivered and exactly what I needed . Wrong picture on the product description but that 's understandable considering the thousands of car parts available . Great buy !
 fit perfect . made some noticable improvments on mpg . not bad for the money . would recommend to others . can really feel the power increase
 Prompt ship - good product . I 've had the same tires on a little trailer for years and they 've done a good job for me .
 Right price at the right Time . Good match for my trailer , fast ship and just as described . Would buy again .
 Good tire , had it mounted at local tire shop for $ 10 and worked great when I eventually had a flat on my trailer .
 It was as described , be careful and make sure you pick the right load range A B C . If you are pulling a large boat this will not be what you want . If you have a smaller type trailer this will do fine . I self mount my tires . It went well and did not require balancing .
 I had a pair and they lasted five years before eventually wearing out -LRB- I commute to work five days a week year round . -RRB- The SPS has a nicely padded palm/heel of hand area that soaks up vibration without compromising the feel for the controls . The short , velcro cuff closure fits easily under any jacket , although sportier types will want a longer gauntlet and the greater protection it offers.Highly recommended .
 I ride my bike to work . some mornings I 'm riding before the sun comes up for about an hour . This balaclava is the best . It keeps my ears and nose warm and comfortable , and does not restrict my breathing . Additionally it is lightweight and easy to get my helmet on over.My only critique is that the velcro is difficult to open and close with one hand -LRB- as you have to do from time to time on a bicycle . And the color faded after washing .
 I work outside on the midnight shift and keeping warm in the icy winter wind is always a challenge . This balaclava is a major help in meeting that challenge . I wear it under my hat and manage to keep my head and face warm no matter how cold it is or how hard the wind is blowing .
 I love this product . It took me all of 30 minutes to install this to my truck . Immediately heard and felt a difference in engine performance . This little thing added 1 mpg to my fuel economy . Totally worth it . Highly recommend this product to anyone who wants their truck to run that much better .
 Item arrived faster than I thought ! No complaint whatsoever ! Would definitely do business with this seller again !
 Bosch Ox Sensor works great , hooked up with the original harness without any problems . I would buy this item again and from the same seller . Got items on time and in great shape .
 We cross-referenced this filter . The original was a Baldwin product that was impossible to locate . After cross-referencing this from another website , we were able to identify these FRAMS as a direct cross-reference . The filter fit perfectly .
 love the air cleaner , a must have on every car . Save on gas and get more horse power ! And never have to buy another again .
 Funciona en suzuki xl7 AWD 2007 motor V6 ... & iquest ; . .
 Product was shipped quickly , well packaged , easy installation , filter performance as anticipated . Smooth and easy transaction . Would recommend seller . Thanks
 This is like my 5th K&N over the course of the last twenty years of cars that I 've owned . Simply put , if you are going to keep your car for more than a couple of years , this is a quality investment in your ride - pure and simple . No doubt in my mind that this filter will last longer than the car will , with just the bare minimum of care and maintenance .
 I have put K&N filters in the last five vehicles I have owned , and have never been disappointed , and will never go back to the traditional ones ! K&N lives up to their name , and in every vehicle I have ever had one in , have had very noticeable improvements in horsepower , acceleration , idling , and a little on better fuel mileage . I love the very little maintenance I have to do to them , and that they are very easy to clean and relubricate . BIG kudos to Amazon , bought directly from them , with free shipping and received the package within 3 days from order ! Overall fantastic purchase experience !
 Great product . I have been purchasing K&N ; filters for my cars for 10 years now . They do work . Faster pickup , faster passing , better fuel economy . I put this filter into my 2007 Suzuki XL7 SUV and it made a tremendous difference in the cars acceleration . The extra airflow helps the car perform better across the entire power range.K & N ; filters are keepers !
 Installation thoughts
 This intake matched up to my 08 3.7 L V6 , provided I had to use somethings from my stock intake to make it fit . Also had to get a Powerwire from airaid.com b/c the IAT sensor was futher away .
 Bought this product for my Toyota 4runner 2007 . It came with the armrest cover , but it was useless since it was too big and did not fit nicely . On top of that , with the armrest cover , I could not put the armrest back to the seat . This part definitely needs improvement.Besides the armrest cover , everything else fit perfectly .
 These marker lights are an amazing fit ! They just popped right in and they look great . Easy to recommend to anyone .
 Well , I do n't know what kind of measuring device the other guy was using to do his review , but according to my measurement , the blade is 4 inches long and the cutting length of the blade is 3-3/4 inches . Somewhere else someone said `` You ca n't go wrong '' and they are 100 % right ! This knife is worth every bit of the suggested retail price . It is the smoothest , most precision knife I have ever seen , and I have seen a lot of knives . For me the knife is nice and lightweight . You can open and close it with one hand . Super smoothe and fast with just a little flick of your thumb . This is my favorite knife and I thank the SOG company very much for such a quality product . When I get a few more bucks I am surely going to get another one . Because this knife is so nice I am going to try some other SOG products . Thanks again SOG for a quality product.The first thing I do when I get a new folding knife is I adjust the tension that controls how easily the blade swings open and shut . I get the tension right where I want it and I put some blue loctite on the screw . I hope this is helpful .
 This knife is really nice.It feels great in the hand due to its weight and ergo . It does not have a built on pocket clip like a lot of pocket knives have these days which is nice because I prefer a knife without one , as it feels better when you handle it in your hand . Thus , this knife comes with a nylon sheath that attaches pretty easy to your belt . The Arc lock is also a very nice feature . The blade is very sharp , and seems to hold its edge nicely after a lot of use in a few months . This is my first knife with VG-10 steel , and so far , so good . It is a little big for a utility pocket knife . I recommend using it for outdoors/hunting/camping activities . For a large folder , this is primo.It 's a SOG . You ca n't go wrong .
 I liked the original Tomcat , but did n't like having to pry out the blade with my fingernails . When this came along , I gave the old one away as a present , and bought this.It 's a tradeoff , IMHO . It does n't feel quite as solid or thick as the original , but it 's much more usable
 I love this knife . Great quality , beautifully made , great balance and awesome blade steel . Unfortunately , I got this knife before I knew that Los Angeles ' knife law forbids anything over 3 '' . I could 've traded it for something else but , I fell in love with this knife . Even my girlfriend who hates all my knives , likes this one .
 This knife is so well made and looks like a piece of art that you do n't want to use it on anything to endanger it 's great appearance . But man is this thing tough as nails and sharper than a razor blade.The SOG ArcLock system is amazing and the feel and weight of the knife is just perfect.As a test/joke I scrapped the blade edge along my forearm to see if it would cut any hair and now I have a 6 '' bald spot on my arm . It was like a hot razor blade cutting through butter and amazed the heck out of me.I liked this knife so much that I bought it 's little brother the Stingray as an smaller version of the same concept and design.You ca n't go wrong on this SOG knife and the price on Amazon is great with no tax and no S&H ; .
 I read the reviews and decided that I had to have one . This SOG knife is indeed outstanding . It is built solid , can be used right and left handed . You can open with one hand as the action is very smooth . The blade is the perfect size and is very sharp . You can take this one hunting , fishing , or whenever a knife is needed . The case has a belt clip and seems to be adequate . You actually have to see and hold this one to appreciate . SOG has developed a superb quality folding knife here .
 I have a lot of knives - none as smooth as this one . This knife has a super awesome feel to it . GREAT weight to it . The thing just looks awesome open or closed . The blade is very sharp right out of the box . The sheath it comes in , is too big for it , and has holes in it that are so large , the knife could ALMOST come out of the sheath . I think it will be okay , but , a re-designed / better fitting sheath should be looked into for sure . This is my first VG-10 metal , and I just have to say wow . VERY nice knife . I look forward to carrying it with me everywhere.FYI : The Tomcat is NOT assisted/spring opening at all , like some SOG knives are . It does NOT have the safety lock on it either .
 Great knife ! I really like the way it is built - rock solid , great fit and finish and good quality steel that seems to hold an edge very well . I also like the blade lock on this knife as it is just as easily manipulated with either hand , and it is very quickly deployed and safely locked into place with minimal effort ... just what you want in that moment an emergency requires a good , solid knife . The only problem with it is that it comes with a very cheaply made ballistic nylon belt case , which is much too large for the knife , and which comes with a flimsy , and easily breakable plastic belt clip . Mine broke within a week . Without a belt clip on the knife , you are forced to either carry this big knife in your pocket , or fork out more bucks for a decent belt case for it . Overall , I give the knife 5 stars , but the case only gets 1 star .
 The actual cutting length of the blade is 3.5 inches . The weight of the overall knife makes quite a lump in your pocket , so SOG sells this with a nylon belt sheath . The recurve on the blade makes it good for slicing things like salamie or ham for lunch . The blade is a bit wide to peel an apple and thick , so that it tends to split the apple vs cut it , if you are cutting wedges . Oranges , just fine.The action is very smooth , it 's a well machined piece of work . The arc lock is spring loaded so it 's subject to pocket lint , but some WD-40 or equivilent will loosen any accumulated guck . Then some very light machine oil and you are back in business . The hinge pin is thick and looks like it will take some severe abuse before breaking . Of course that voids the manufacturer 's guarantee as it 's not a pry bar , screwdriver , log splitting wedge or a can opener.This knife is better balanced than those old BUCK lock backs . The finger groves in the handle and the teeth on the back of the blade make for a secure grip when working with messy stuff . For just opening boxes or letters it 's overkill . As a gentleman 's pocket knife it 's too thick and long . As an outdoor man 's knife it 's a good choice if you do n't want to carry a sheath knife.A nice knife all around , but you might consider looking at the SOG Twitch XL if you want a large `` pocket '' knife .
 This knife lives up to it 's press clippings . It is ergonomic , sturdy as a tank , and very smooth operating . It is razor sharp out of the box . It does not feel heavy in your hand because it is so well balanced . It is a bit heavy for an EDC , however , because it does not come with a good carry clip.Quality , worksmanship and materials are all top quality .
 This folder appeared in many YouTube &#34; My 6 favorite EDC 's -LRB- Every Day Carry -RRB- videos.Seeing the SOG Tomcat and hearing various owners ' affections motivated me to take the plunge.Well , I see what they are talking about ; superb quality , nice and hefty , and beautiful to boot .
 Good heft for my large hands and a fantastic edge - feels like it will last a long time . Beautiful finish too .
 This is by far the sharpest knife I have ever owned . Feels great in my hand . Have n't used a lot or had it long but we will see how it holds up.Could have pit a pocket clip on it though !!
 Bought this for my boyfriend for our anniversary . He 'd been talking about it for months . The deal that I got on this was INCREDIBLE ! Only drawbaclk , according to my boyfriend is that it doesnt have a pocket clip but other than that , it was a major hit ! Thank you !
 Rounded up for 3.5 stars . I bought this after getting a Spec Elite 1 . It had lateral and vertical play , but I thought that was a fluke . Had wanted a tomcat for years and finally pulled the trigger . I will be sending it back . It feels solid , the blade is beautiful and super sharp , it feels good in the hand , but the blade play still exists . Going to knife forums , I realized this is the case with manysog folders , their anomaly is a folder with no play . This should not be the case with this expensive of a knife and this excellent of materials . This things has the play of a $ 0.50 folder I can get at walmart . This price point should produce a pretty flawlessly operating knife . SOG designs are nice , but their craftsmanship is wanting and this will be the last one I buy .
 A GREAT KNIFE , THE BEST FOLDER I HAVE NOW AND I GOT ALOT OF THEM ... . YOU WILL LOVE THIS KNIFE .
 Service was great recieved the item on time as said in the add . The Ball joint fit great and was a good quality . I was pleased overall .
 I picked the AEM CAI after reading about intakes for my 2005 mazda 3 2.3 L for a while . This one does n't make too much of a stupid `` whirrr '' noise when accelerating but gives a good performance gain ! Install was pretty easy , but taking the stock airbox out was a pain in the butt . Follow the directions , take your time , and it 'll come out ... Good product although after a month or so it was thrown a CEL that is LEAN on bank 1 , or 4 ... I ca n't remember . Most forums say this can be safely ignored with CAI 's and people have measured that the motor is NOT ACTUALLY LEAN , it just thinks it is due to the CAI differences . We 'll see ...
 This product was the correct part for my car . The fitment left a little to be desired , meaning I had to force it a bit to do what it was designed to do . Over all , it was successfully installed , and it works wonderfully . I give it a 4 out of 5 due to some difficulty with installation .
 Bought this product for my Toyota 4runner 2007 . It came with the armrest cover , but it was useless since it was too big and did not fit nicely . On top of that , with the armrest cover , I could not put the armrest back to the seat . This part definitely needs improvement.Besides the armrest cover , everything else fit perfectly .
 I needed a Power Window Switch for my 96 camaro i looked around and i found the best price on amazon plus it came to my door step a day earlier !
 As other reviewers have already stated , it works and it 's inexpensive . The brush gets in the hard to reach spots and the bristles are stiff enough to really scrub away the gunk .
 2011 Suburban LT 4x4 with the 6L80 6 speed transmission , 5.3 L v8 . Fits great , good price , arrived safely , looks and fits the same as the OEM one that was in there , because it IS OEM !
 This is a great replacement hydrolic filter for a John Deere 2320 tractor.It 's less expensive that the JD part that is probably made by Fram .
 I 'm an idiot and lost my 2005 GMC Envoy rear view mirror bracket . Dealer wants something stupid like $ 25 . Not paying that.This is it . One of the three in the package fits the rear view mirror perfectly . Get it .
 Used 2 of these for the Caddmann air mod for my 2006 Kawasaki Mean Streak . Inexpensive , shiny , and fits perfectly .
 Nice product , good chrome . No nut included . I used this product on my 2007 Kawasaki Nomad 1600 motorcycle - fit perfectly . Kit comes with a 9 '' paper filter , which I replaced with a 9 '' K&N filter .
 For the price it ca n't be beat . Complete Air Cleaner Assembly . It will do exactly as I need it to do , to be a inexpensive air cleaner for a early Ford 8 cylinder engine .
 These filters were recommended on the `` gadgets '' site for Kawasaki 1500 classic custom air intake . I decided to try it and they work great with the simple modifications described on the `` gadgets '' site . Anyone pondering weather to try it needs to know that they absolutely have to re-jet their carburetor because of the vast increase in airflow of air , my bike ran extremely lean before re-jetting , a top speed of about 80 mph . would damage engine top end without the jet kit . I like the new look and sound but actual performance increase is minimal at best , it did increase top speed by about 7 mph . The chrome finish is very good and they are very light weight making them ideal for this application because of the vibration of the typical V twin -LRB- if they were heavier the vibration would be amplified causing fatigue on the intake system -RRB- .
 Swapping out the stock tube for this was straight forward and simple . I ca n't tell if there is any extra engine noise over the exhaust . This paired with the exhaust , tuner , and new plugs my Hemi finally feels like a Hemi . Gas mileage all depends on how you drive but before I did the tuner , exhaust and intake tube the truck got maybe 8-9 mpg in town , now it can pull 11-13 . It 'd probably be better if I did n't have the stock 20 '' wheels and meaty tires .
 I installed this for my brother-in-law for his daily driver . The install was straight forward with no reall issues . The only problem area that I noticed was where the piping went into the fenderwell . They provide a small rubber gasket to go around the metal edge of the fender but it will not stay secure . I used orange RTV to secure the tubing and layed it a little thick so it had plenty of cushion . If this is not done the pipe can resonate and be very annoying at the same time it will scratch the finish on the tubing if you are one that cares about looks.My Brother-in-law cares about function and has reported a 15 % gain in overall performance and fuel economy . He purchased this kit to gain fuel economy and he has . I will be installing a Tornado Air for his next fuel economy gain as they work well with CCA kits .
 These floor mats were very heavy and it would seem they will last a long time . The deep channels are good for melting snow on the floor and the person I gave them to for Christmas was very happy with them .
 its cool no problems with delivery little smaller then my old car mats but will work well in a 2006 or newer sadan
 I am a huge tazmanian devil fan and these complete the set in my truck . They look so good and they are easy to keep clean .
 Mine did not come with the wing nut , eventhough the description says `` includes deluxe wing nut . '' Other than that , it is what I expected .
 I knew what I was getting with this unit , but just to be sure , it is only 4 '' across . Look at your hand , the width of your palm is about how big this is . I could n't imagine a muscle car having that under the hood!That said , installation was simple , except that it did not ship with a wing nut to fasten down . I reused my old one .
 These anti-roll bar end links replaced the stamped steel and plastic ones on our 2002 Focus . The stock ones were completely separated on one side -LRB- the ball had popped out of the plastic socket -RRB- , so the body roll was not being controlled by the anti-roll bar at all . The stock Ford parts are underbuilt and breakage-prone weak points . The Moog parts are , by contrast , very heavily overbuilt , have grease fittings and a strong metal-on-metal design that ca n't -LRB- by design -RRB- fail in the way Fords do . The ability to be greased -LRB- if used , of course -RRB- keeps the wear , and subsequent noise , factor to a minimum . Also , the Moog end links have wrench flats at the stud base to simplify torqueing the nuts properly . The flats do need a thin-jawed wrench -LRB- a regular open end or combination wrench , not a Crescent wrench -RRB- , but are an otherwise fine feature .
 I replaced the original Ford sway bar links with these Moog links and what a huge improvement . The Moog are far better quality than the originals . They even have grease fittings so you can lube them from time to time .
 Excellent Sway Bar Links . I have a 2002 SVT Focus with a fairly stiff suspension and these hold up very well to the pot holes of Cleveland Ohio .
 I 've installed front end parts for the better part o f almost 40 years ; used parts from TRW , Moog , OEM , Mcquay Norris and others . Have usually found the Moog to be the best . This part uses zerk fittings to lubricate the ball socket to keep the joint from wearing out and its construction is more massive than stock . You 'll need a 18mm wrench to hold the inner nut in position before attempting to tighten the outer nut . I recommend checking the placement of the zerk fitting angle before installing it -LRB- so that you have easy access to lubricate the fitting -RRB- and that you installed the lube fitting before installed the link on the vehicle . It will make the process a lot easier and save you a lot of grief !
 Got these for my 2005 Focus , to replace the worn originals . These are installed in a much more simple way -LRB- two wrenches , instead of a wrench and a hex key -RRB- , and are WAY tougher than the originals . I should have put these on sooner . The handling feels as it should . Get these .
 Got these for my wife 's 2001 Focus . So far they 're holding up great . Much better than the 2 months we got out of the Raybestos versions .
 I bought a pair of these to replace the failed sway bar links on my 2002 Ford Focus SE Wagon . I started hearing a knocking noise from the front end at about 150,000 kilometers , and the mechanic identified the failed sway bar links as the cause . The Moog bar links are certainly heavier than the stock Ford bar links , and appear to be better engineered that the Ford bar links . Both of the stock bar links weigh less than one Mook bar link . The grease fittings for both ball joints will make servicing possible , and the large hex flats make installation quick . I think this will be the last time I touch the bar links , except for annual lubrication , so I wo n't be able to report how easy they are to remove .
 The product seems to be of high quality , but they are about 5 cm shorter than the original links on my Volvo V70XC . It is not clear whether these will work , they seem to interfer with the suspension in turns .
 I must say all of the other reviews are spot on . Both of the factory links let go at about 100k , and these replacements really brought back the handling of the car . Much stiffer and nicer than stock and the grease fittings are a HUGE plus . Great price , great product . I will stick with Moog from now on .
 I had this sway bar link kit installed on my 2000 Ford Focus SE wagon . It went on as a great replacement part that feel great on the road . I would reccomend this item .
 These things are easy to install , work great , and will easily hold up to any abuse you can throw at them . These are so well built and sturdy there is no way to compare these to the weak stock units . These deserve six stars !
 These links are alot beefier than the originals and come with grease fittings . Installing them immediately silenced the front end rattling noises and helped restore that `` sporty fun to drive '' feeling to my 03 Ford Focus !
 This sway bar link is much better engineered than the stock unit . Keep the front sway bar connected to the axles for better handling .
 I love it ! Tongue-in-cheek humor , defusing road rage one smile at a time -LRB- hopefully -RRB- .
 This filter , painted green , is $ 35.00 at the John Deere tractor store . It 's $ 21.00 at the auto stores . Less then $ 5.00 at Amazon !
 I ordered this to replace the upper ball joints on my 2000 Ford F250 4x4 , Diesel . Fit was perfect . Just remember to file down the zerk fittings * before * putting it all together -LRB- if you want to leave the fittings in there full time -RRB- so that the universal joint does n't whack it when you shift to 4-wheel drive .
 Installed this and the upper joint in my truck this year on both sides with no problems . I can only hope that they last as long as the originals with proper lubrication . I got around 150k out of originals so hoping that these go at least or more than that and if not will likely put Ford ones back in but given that these cost a lot less , figured I would give them a try . The grease zerks for the upper ball joints may or may not clear your front axle shaft joints so be prepared to get a low profile zerk . The uppers I purchased had two different zerks and one cleared and the other did n't .
 these are real Moog ball joints not some cheap Chinese knock offs . the original Ford ball joints went at 65000 miles . this is a ford f350 4x4 work truck that i drive every day M-F in the city of Boston some of the worst roads around.truck now has 182000 and the ball joints are still going strong
 I bought this for my 1997 Dodge with the Dana 60 front axle . This is a very good quality replacement part that was easy to install with the proper tool press designed for ball joint removal and replacement . It supplied with the grease fittings for lubrication after installation and worked very well . I am satisfied with the quality and value of this product . Shipping was prompt . The truck 's steering feels tight and precise like factory new now . Highly recommend .
 Premium product is what I demand and what all I use . This is vastly better than the factory original items .
 This product fit my 2003 Ford F250 V10 4x4 truck perfectly . I thought the process would take 8 hours , but surprisingly all it took was 3.5 hours to replace the ball joints . One word of advice . Dont install the grease fitting . Use the plug instead . If you do n't do it that way , the fitting will catch and cause problems with steering .
 Put these on over 2 years ago , and there is still no play in the suspension of my diesel excursion . Got these for the grease fitting , and makes me feel better being able to lube it .
 Came quick from UPS . Ordered two of these and two uppers for my F350 . They 're good quality Moogs , no worries there . Only thing is , make sure you grease the lower ball joints then remove the zerq and install the plug before you put the steering knuckle back on the axle shaft . The zerq does not clear the u-joints . Also , make sure you put the rubber boots on as stated -LRB- on the boot -RRB- , otherwise they will not hold grease properly . I threw the zerqs in a tylenol bottle and put them in the glove compartment . I grease the front end every oil change -LRB- 5,000 miles for my diesel -RRB- . It 's easiest to get to the plug/zerq for example
 It Is what I needed . It arrived on time and the packaging was good . Everything was as listed . Would buy again from them .
 This upper ball joint was perfect for my 2002 Ford F350 . I had never replaced the joints before and after researching , got all the parts from Amazon and did the job for way less than a shop would charge . The Moog Ball joint was the most recommended and in my experience was the right part for the job .
 The delivery time on this ball joint order was amazingly fast . The product seems to be just fine but will not be intalled for some time yet . The originals are still on the truck and it is a 1999 ; being reviewed in 2010 ! Amazon ` s search feature allowed us to go right to the product and easily know we had the right item . Good company to deal with .
 These are excellent products ; however , the application is for solid/straight front axle vehicles only . Independent suspension vehicles require the Moog K7206T upper ball joints .
 Hella loud !! Easy to install & perform exactly as hoped !! When I honk my horn there 's no doubt it neans &#34; get the Hella , outta the way &#34;
 I bought these horns years ago & finally got around to installing them in my Civic Hybrid -LRB- with a wimpy toy car like horn -RRB- . They sounded like much louder version of the factory horn . If the factory horn -LRB- there was just one -RRB- was a small anemic honey bee , these were like two big Japanese hornets.I would have liked to install trumpet horns but did n't know if they would fit , these fit nicely in the same spot where the original horn sat . The relay for some reason did not work but I just wired them directly and they worked that way.Now I am not embarrassed to use the horns when I needed to . Which is cool . . : - -RRB-
 I had a set of these on my '04 Subaru WRX and I absolutely loved them ! I sold my WRX and got a Forester XT , so I HAD to buy another set to install ! Awesome horns and super loud . People will definitely hear you coming with these .
 Wanted to replace my motorcycle 's seven-year-old meep-meep horn . Originally wanted the Stebel Nautilus , but after reading that it breaks down after a few months if lucky , and after reading this writeup -LSB- google `` Motorcycle Horn Comparison Review webBikeWorld '' -RSB- I elected to go with the Hella . Super easy to install . Needless to say , I am not dissappointed . LOUD !
 Great little horn set for your rod , car or motorcycle !! Nice red composite housing , gold irridate plated hardware !! - STYLISH!More of a motorcycle-style horn than seen on modern passenger cars.Best mounting location for these OR ANY horn is the front grill area-where they have the most sound-projected volume -- WARNING ! If you live in a salty state -LRB- like ohio -RRB- , mounting anything in the grill area of the car will disintegrate -LRB- due to -RRB- SALT !! Get em ' factory fresh from -- AMAZON !!!!
 This tie down is special as it was designed based on the concept of ergonomic . I drive a big logistic truck and this tie down prevents industrial injury when I am fastening my cargo . All truck drivers should recommend their company to get some !
 I have looked around for this intake and could n't find it for less then 300.00 Google search and I found it here on Amazon.com . The price was the best I have ever seen and had no shipping charges.Thanks Amazon .
 This was an inexpensive upgrade . After buying a new car and seeing what it was like to see the road I decided on these for my daily driver . I 'm in my 40 's now and live deep in the country . I was very pleased with this product ! Just a word of advice , I read that people had issues with interior of headlight getting dirty and bulbs not lasting because there are small holes in the rear of the headlamp that allow dirt and moisture in . I simply put some marine silicone on these holes the day before installation and so far so good . There is still an air gap around the replaceable bulb , since it is not an air tight seal , for any heat to escape . There is also a dust boot included .
 The Schumacher trickle charger charged the batttery my Kawasaki mule just fine during the winter months .
 Works well . Does exactly what it says it would . Even if it is called `` manual '' there is no way it could over charge a battery . Once the charge voltage in the battery equals the voltage the charger puts out it would only maintain it at the level coming in . I 'm here to order 3 more .
 Hey , what more can I say . This trickle charger performs just as advertised , which is all I ever wanted .
 The item arrive in good time and good shape . I needed it to keep my car battery charged up . I do n't drive it much and the battery would run down . I have it on a timer and it charges the battery 12 hrs a day and this is working great .
 Purchased this to keep my lawn tractor charged at all times . Product is well made and reasonably priced
 Which means it keeps on trickling even when the battery is fully charged . If you want a trickle charger that will stop charging once the battery is fully charged , this is not the charger for you . I bought one , it is perfectly fine , but I goofed and need to buy another , fancier/better trickle charger that will stop charging once the battery is fully charged . Google `` smart battery charger '' `` Automatic smart charger . These chargers can be left on your batteries indefinitely without causing damage . . `` I think I 'll buy a 7 day timer , and program it to have this manual charger only run for a couple hours a week ...
 This manual charger is just as described . Will start charging 12 volt car battery even if voltage is too low.Before I got this manual charger , I bought the `` Battery Tender 021-0128 Battery Tender Plus 12V Battery Charger '' to recharge a car battery that had been dead for a few weeks due to the car not being in use . This battery tender charger has a smart charge function , therefore it sensed the battery was really drained and could not charge it due to it having low voltage.Then I bought this manual charger ! I hooked it up , and let it charge for a few hours -LRB- while monitoring it hourly -RRB- . It was enough charging for the Battery Tender charger to accept it for recharging . After this process , the car battery is now at full charge!I do n't expect to use this frequently , but in my case it was totally worth the price to revive the dead battery just enough to get it to recharge properly with the `` smart charger . ''
 I have several cars and one may go un-driven for a number of weeks . Having a small trickle charger attached , just insures I do n't have unpleasant surprise when switching to a different car.This small charger does that . Have n't had a problem with it .
 Use this to charge my tractor battery in the winter , works fine . Also was the cheapest I saw it anywhere on amazon here .
 I purchased 3 of these trickle chargers at the same time . I was able to compare to each other I noticed that 1 of the 3 chargers the 2 prongs that plug into extension cord where loose and rattled around . Also the damaged charger seemed to over charge the battery and boil it over . I sent the damaged charger back and recieved a new replacement .
 used to give a quick jump on a thirty year old international scout , works eggsellent !
 works great , no complaints , yeah it 's not on a timer or fancy , but you get what you pay for . Like I said , for the money it is a good buy .
 Love it . I have a gel battery that I have been unable to recharge because it has a proprietary plug . My automatic trickle charger refused to get involved . This TINY beauty did it easily with its clips . Simple , easy , and powerful . Love it ! .
 I used this to keep my batteries up while I went on a 5 month surf trip and they started up right away when I got home ... shaka Bra .
 This is a must-have if you do n't need an automatic charger . It puts out just a little over one amp and is great for charging new 6/12 volt batteries for the first time . If using this as a regular -LRB- everyday -RRB- charger , be sure to unplug the unit manually once battery is fully charged . This charger does not shut off automatically and will over-charge if not monitored . 5-Stars on this one !
 This thing is great . I have an old riding lawn mower and I usually have to replace the battery every spring , I even take it out and store it in my basement.One of my concerns before I bought was that it states it is a `` manual charger '' and some people have posted you are supposed to take it off after the battery is charged.But , I talked to a mechanic and he says at only 1 amp , you can leave it on the battery all winter long and it wo n't hurt it.I 'm not sure I would do that , but I leave it on my mower battery all the time , for at least one week at a time and no problems.Perfect for batteries you do n't use very often .
 This is great for a motorcycle or riding mower . It is plugged in right now .
 Good charger . I did a current test on it and it puts out a maximum of .97 amps before the voltage drops below 12.6 volts . So , I would recommend this charger to anyone needing a good trickle charger . Great buy .
 Just like political parties who can not come to a unanimous decision , we have some saying this product is a great trickle charger -LRB- leaving it connected is no problem -RRB- , and some saying be sure and disconnect when the battery is fully charged . I purchased it as a trickle charger that I could leave connected during the winter , and then read the charging instructions . The paperwork says it must be disconnected after fully charging the battery -LRB- no light or meter included -RRB- . BUT , another guy says he left his connected for five months with no problems ??? Good grief :-LRB- Did the description state that it had to be disconnected when the battery became fully charged ? If it did , then I 'm the schmo . I have to be fair in my rating though . As far as I know , it does what it was designed to do , charge batteries . Webb says to himself , `` Read moron ! Read ! '' : -RRB- Schumacher SE-1 Trickle Manual Battery Charger - 1 Amp
 I used this charger in replacement of a 500ma charger , one that was woefully inadequate for my purposes , and could n't be happier . I am using it to charge a 8amp/hr sealed lead acid battery that is in a speaker backpack i built . This is able to run the system off pure wall power , but only just barely . It has long cables that allow freedom of location so that you can plug it in almost anywhere . The cable is longer than 6ft . My only caveat with this is that it does not have a &#34; charging/Charged &#34; indicator light , but i knew that ahead of time , and it is definitely not a deal-breaker .
 The AEM 21-8005DC Gun Metal Brute Force Intake System arrived in great condition and is made of good quality material . Although I have not yet installed them on the engine I did test fit them and everything bolted up as described . There were no issues and when the winter weather is over I will be installing the engine as well as the intake system .
 I liked very much the fact that you can see the valves thru the glass . before buy , I did think the glass was some fancy thing . But this makes much easier to check out the valves and if they are dirt or sutck without have to disassemble the pump , like other models
 Fuel pump works very good . I broke the glass on the original pump . I hooked it up and everything is working properly . The pump sealed without any issues . The cool part about this fuel pump is the glass top . It is really cool to be able to see the gas flowing thru this pump .
 Got this product for my wife before Christmas . When we got home from a three-week vacation , one of our cars was covered in New England January ice . So I was able to fully test this product . It did make my life easier . It took me a couple of minutes to blast through as thick as 1-1 .5 '' of ice buildup on the front and back windshield . The ice scraper came out intact of the fierce battle . It 's not effort free but it definitely does go hard at work for you and performs much better than a regular scraper .
 I bought one for my aunt a few years back and she has been using it ever since . She lives in MN , so it definitely gets a workout . She has n't had any problems with it , and she loves it !
 The IceDozer has a few advantages of the ` regular ' -LRB- meaning cheaper -RRB- scrapers . - Well-designed and well-thought two-hand grip allowing for efficient force application onto the windshield . - Ice-plow making minor snow removal tasks possible but do n't expect to use it on 1-foot snow accumulations on top of your car . - Three what the makers call `` attach surfaces '' - besides the ` blade ' you also have the `` IceBreaker Teeth '' and the `` Tenderizer '' . - Made in the USA . In fact , not so far from where I live.If you feel that you can use something with a detachable brush to gently remove snow off your mirrors and headlights , you should get theIceDozer Plus Ergonomic Ice Scraperfor a few dollars more.In addition , a claim of ` lifetime warranty ' is made . Not sure what it meant , I went to the InnovationFactory Web site and , it turns out , there actually is ` something ' . To the extent that you pay for shipping the broken tool , they will replace it IF it turns out that it broke due to some manufacturing defect . They will NOT ask for ` proof of purchase ' but , of course , the warranty wo n't cover `` any problems that are caused by modification or unreasonable abuse or misuse '' . They also have a 30-day money-back warranty if you return it in 30 days but this time you WILL need some proof of purchase.Overall , I am very happy with this purchase and with the warranty terms . We had the opportunity to use it this winter and it performed as expected without breaking or causing any problems . It 's also good to see that at least SOMETHING is still made in the USA .
 So far we 've only put this to use on a very thin layer of ice , the kind thats resistant to wiper blades.When held at the proper angle this tool was up to the task and removed it cleanly unlike some cheaper tools that may remove it in fine streaks . I have little doubt that it will be useful for thicker ice and snow.Wish I had one of these when we lived on the east coast . We very rarely get thick windshield ice here in NE Wyoming .
 Purchased this icescraper as a gift for the wife . Thought that I would be the one using it . Was I wrong , she would n't let me get near it . The best part , I did ` nt have to scrape any snow or ice off My car this winter .
 I got this as a gift for my aunt for a gift to help get the ice off windshield . It works wonderfully -LRB- when she does n't leave it in the trunk that iced over -RRB- . Very easy to use , not much force to break up ice , was done completely in minutes .
 Bought one of these because windshield ice was taking me lots of time and energy to clear every morning before work . The IceDozer blasts through the worst of it much easier -LRB- although certainly not effortlessly -RRB- and even has some oomph when I ca n't use both hands on it -LRB- I 'm pretty short -RRB- . However , the snow brush area on it is pretty close to worthless if there 's much snow at all . I keep a snowbrush for that . And the IceDozer is best for thicker ice . If you just have the merest scrim of ice , it just does n't really seem to do much that a few minutes with a defroster would n't do.I still give it four stars because of the way it handles tougher ice , though . It 's already saved me hours of work , and I just bought it a couple of months ago .
 I bought mine about 5 or 6 years ago and it gets good use every winter here in Iowa . Almost every morning the windows are covered in frost , and once in a while we get an ice storm . The Dozer handles both frost and ice quite well . It has a &#34; backbone &#34; feature built into the handle to help give you leverage when reaching out onto the windshield so you do n't have to press down on the black handle . My straight blade started to chip , but it has a lifetime warranty so there is nothing to worry about .
 Ordered three for Christmas presents . From what I hear , I should have ordered four . One for me !!
 Throw out your other scrapers and buy this . Works well to remove thick ice + frozen snow , but also for scraping a thin coating of frost.A great tool for use in Montana winters .
 I bought each of my kids a different type of ice scraper as a stocking stuffer for Christmas , since part of their chores is to clean the cars off . This does a great job with the ice that 's either on top of or under the snow on the windshiield - you would only use the softer side on the sides or roof of the car . It obviously does n't have the reach of extension scrapers/brushes , but it sure has the leverage .
 This has to be the best ice scraper on the market . I am always amazed at how easily it breaks up thick ice covered windows . The first one I received had the assist handle missing . I received a replacement overnight !
 Dec 17 , 2010 : This product is effective , but it would be better if they made a longer version for a standard pick up truck . I was not able to reach the middle unless I lean on top of the truck . It gets the job done , but it does n't scrape off frost from the windshield so easily . You have to apply pressure and perhaps run through the same spot 2-3 times before it 's removed completely . It 's much easier removing frost on the side windows . Perhaps the issue is the angle of which I 'm scraping the windshield . But I find it difficult to use on a truck.Update -LRB- Feb 4 , 2011 -RRB- : I used this again during the 2011 Texas Winter Storm in Houston . At 28 degrees Fahrenheit and super thick ice on the windshield . I had a hard time scraping it off . The magic is to pour some warm water over the windshield , tap the ice with the Flexiblade , and scrape down . After you reach out , do n't just lift up and rescrape . Make sure to pull back with some pressure . You will find that the Flexiblade will cut through the ice smoothly . I 'm starting to like this more .
 I bought this for my sister just in time for the record snows in Maryland . She says that all her neighbors asked about it after seeing what it can do . She really likes it .
 As one reviewer notes it is a tough reach across roofs and hoods but if you circumnavigate the vehicle you get great leverage and it is easy on the hands -LRB- I am 6 feet tall but my wife at 5 feet 4 four inches thinks the same -RRB- . I can live without a brush but my wife still likes the long handled brush-scraper for follow-up . I have owned two of these and one broke in sub-zero temps under heavy pressure . The other is three years old and I am buying a replacement for the broken scraper so I guess I like it .
 THIS IS A VERY NICE PRODUCT . I INSTALLED IT ON MY CHEVY PICK UP IN LESS THAN 30 MINUTES . IT REALLY OPENS UP THE MOTOR AND ALLOWS IT TO RUN TO ITS FULLEST POTENTIAL . HAVENT NOTICED MUCH IMPROVEMENT IN MPG BUT I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE WANTING UPGRADE THERE CAR OR TRUCK .
 Installed on a NBS Silverado 5.3 L59 and it really made a difference . Also cleaned MAF at the same time and gained an honest 2 MPG at highway cruising speeds . Using less throttle to get up to speed and my transmission also shifts better due to the MAF being clean . Havent floored it yet but I can already tell its going to be quicker off the line if I do .
 great purchase , they sent me the wrong intake but still worked excellent . substancial notice in throttle response and mileage increase , must purchase after upgrading exhaust though to notice mileage increase
 I would have never believed such a simple add on could produce such results , until I saw it with my own eyes . Throttle response and power increases are noticeable -LRB- plus it makes the truck sound cooler -RRB- ! I did not however notice any gain in fuel mileage but I have a lead foot anyway ... I highly recommend this product !
 Just the ticket for what I needed in my 1966 Mustang . They did ` nt have an overflow system back then antifreeze would just drip out onto the floor -LRB- and the chassis -RRB- . I like this because it was priced right and is very small so it does ` nt look ugly under the hood and ruin the original look . As far as how it performs will have to wait because my car is in the paint shop and the weather / salty roads has not been ideal for classic car driving . I have faith it will do it 's intended job as it is a simple device.Anthony
 Used this on a customers vehicle where we wired in an inline maxi fuse holder to protect a certain circuit on their motorhome . They had been having problems blowing fuses and when it would happen in the middle of nowhere , they could not readily find replacement fuses of this size . This breaker is the perfect alternative . It fits just like a normal maxi fuse , but wo n't burn up like a fuse when the amperage exceeds 40 amps . Although it is a little expensive , all of our local suppliers were 2 weeks out . Amazon was able to get it to our shop the next day . I would highly recommend this for anyone who uses maxi fuses for high amperage applications .
 I purchased a set for my husband last year and for my 1997 Toyota 4-runner this year and just installed them . I bought the black and cream front bucket seats only and they look wonderful . Very easy to install and in fact was easier than in my husbands car so not sure if the product has been redone . My drivers seat was becoming very worn looking and now looks like I have a new car . The set I bought last January for my husband still looks very nice . He hauls guys around a lot and if they get dirty , just wipe them off . I would highly recommend them .
 Could n't be happier ! Great Graphics ! Can NOT wait to stick it on something haha . Very good quality ! Hot women ! ORDER NOW
 I bought these after buying a set for a company vehicle . I put these on my 2003 Silverado and have n't had any problems with them even while towing a camper . No warping or fading to mention . It is cheaper to buy these than to have the originals turned . I will continue to buy Aimco brakes .
 Omix-Ada 17701.01 Carburetor Solex Design L-Head for JeepThe Solex carb is a nifty piece of work that will make your jeep sing . These carbs are still being built which is most likely the main advantage over the WO Carter . If anyone knows where they are making new Carters let me know!Historically , it can be argued that using the Solex is correct for the World War 2 period . Consider that many jeeps went thru refit and repair in France in French depots . These jeeps were often returned to US Army service.This carb is a good substitute for a worn out Carter carburetor . It can be purchased for a reasonable amount . The only drawbacks are that the fittings are metric and in smaller towns it can be difficult to find the appropriate SAE to metric adapter and the Solex is sensitive to fuel pressure.The problem seemed to be that the reproduction or repaired WW2 jeep fuel pumps supply too much pressure and over feed the Solex causing flooding and sparkplug fouling . I solved the resulting problems by installing a Spectre 2517 Chrome Fuel Pressure Regulator.The Solex was used on a limited basis on WW2 jeeps repaired by the French for the US Army . See Army Motors , page 192 of Volume 6 for evidence and valuable instructions on how to use the carb on a jeep . It 's on my website , do a search for `` solex carburetor jeep '' . I found the Solex to be responsive and easy to start -LRB- if you know how -RRB- . So if your Carter is all worn out out , consider going with the Solex .
 Good quality parts , great price.Make sure you have/get a Mopar ball joint socket.Plan your project around the delivery time .
 As mentioned in the title this is the CAMSHAFT position sensor and not the CRANKSHAFT position sensor.Nonetheless this is the exact AC DELCO OE replacement that comes standard from the dealership at a great price.Keep in mind this only fits the 99 Oldsmobile Alero 3.4 V6 , the 4 cylinder has a different part.If you are looking for the crankshaft position sensor for this vehicle -LRB- 99 Alero V6 -RRB- the part number is AC213148 or just follow this link.http : / / www.amazon.com/ACDelco-213-148-Sensor/dp/B000C9GGX4/ref=au_pf_pfg_s?ie=UTF8&Model;=Alero | 566 & n ; = 15684181 & s ; = automotive & Make ; = Oldsmobile | 51 & Year ; = 1999 | 1999 & carId ; = 002
 The replacement keyless entry remote worked perfectly after programming . Called tech support and they were fantastic ! Was working in less than 5 minutes .
 Purchased this hone to finish cylinders on motorcycle engines . I found it to be robust and well made , and Lisle customer service was very helpful with questions I had . Contrary to other reviews , different stone sets are readily available -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- I was able to achieve bores that are within 5/10 ,000 '' of perfect using this hone and a hand drill . Only way to beat this is to purchase a Sunnen honing machine for $ 15K . Highly recommended , and I will be using more Lisle products in the future .
 My husband works on chain saw rebuilding , and this is one of his tools now a a a a a
 Hi , This hone worked perfectly ! I had to go up to the first overbore , on the cylinder on my vintage 1974 S3 400 Mach ll Kawasaki Triple 2-stroke . That meant honing out 0.50 mm or .020 thousandths + another .003 thousandths for piston to wall clearance . It took about an hour , but the cylinder came out straight with no taper in it . It 's running fine . I 'll be running it at the Bonneville Salt Flats next month , look for # 3121 PP . Thanks again!Joe
 The tank showed up fast , I 've been continually using it for the last two months and I have no complaints .
 I got this for camping because I was tired of using expensive throw away tanks that did n't hold much gas.This one is a great compact size and costs about -LSB- ... -RSB- to fill up . It is more than 4 times the capacity of the smaller ones yet still costs less to fill up then to buy one of the smaller ones.The only reason I gave it four stars is because of the price -LRB- although it will eventually pay for itself -RRB- . Also sucks that Coleman makes you buy another -LSB- ... -RSB- attachment to attach to their stoves .
 Product was as described . Shipping was very fast . A good seller with which to do business .
 I am converting my power equipment over to propane and this size tank is just right for my rototiller and snowblower . Very pleased with price and entire transaction .
 I rated this 4 stars because I think it is way to expensive . I can get a 20 # BBQ tank for $ 17 or so but this 5 # was almost $ 70 ! To bad a 20 # is to heavy to carry around for weed burning . It arrived on time and was as described . I would buy from this seller again because the &#34; tool stores &#34; -LRB- not to mention names -RRB- do n't carry them here .
 This tank is very handy if you have a portable propane grill or stove , etc. , and do n't want to use the disposable fuel bottles which are nearly impossible to recycle . Extension hoses are readily available to connect the tank to the regulator where the disposable fuel bottle would fit on your appliance . It 's easy to carry back and forth to the picnic table while car camping and makes a nice little back-up tank for my trailer or home BBQ . I 've had no trouble getting the tank filled at my local hardware store . Too bad this little tank costs so much compared to a 20 lb tank , but Amazon 's price on this one is as good as any .
 A great tank size for heating an ice fishing hut or running a propane stove or lamp while camping . It 's easier to lug around that a 20 lb tank and MUCH less expensive to use than the 1 lb disposables . It 's pricey , but pays for itself quickly .
 this 5lb is great if you use propane for more than one thing . if you go camping or fishing this tank is just right , and it lasts along time too .
 This is an excellent tank for the Coleman travel grill . It 's really great not having to use those 1 # disposable cylinders anymore , but we still keep one on had just in case we would run out of full on the 5 # tank
 I was looking for a space saver.and the idea of 5lb containers on the tongue of the trailer . . way overkill , especially for an occasional use trailer . Plus , its easy to carry , fits anywhere down below . . and will run the stove enough to cook a few meals without any extra weight .
 Great Seller , Fast Shipment . This is a quality tank , and a great price . I use the tank on my little buddy heater for ice fishing , and it works great . Would highly reccommend .
 The product seems to be very good quality , at least equal to other tanks I 've had . I do n't understand why they are so pricey compared to larger tanks . Perhaps it 's just that they do n't make as many of these little ones . The valve is the same and it obviously takes less material to manufacture , so it must be a production efficiency issue .
 I use this tank rather than the 1-lb bottles while camping . It is so much cheaper and I have no worries about how or where I can dispose of the small disposable ones . I just find it odd that a 5lb tank is more expensive than a 20lb tank.Shipping on this item was fast .
 These little tanks are seemingly expensive for their total capacity . The average BBQ grill tanks are much larger and actually significantly less expensive.The upside is that this little tank is GREAT way to save on time , money , and space over the green 1lb throw away bottles.I have not purchased a green 1lb throwaway bottle since purchasing this bottle.There are two primary tank manufactures in the US ; the other is not Manchester . I like the Manchester tank better for two reasons . In this case the small footprint and size is pretty much ideal . Secondly , Manchester folds the metal over for the ONE HANDED primary hand hold location on the bottle ; the other manufacture requires two hands , or one severely distorted hand.Some propane locations do n't know how to charge for this small size of bottle . Plan ahead .
 one of the reviews stated that they got fast shipping . i live in utah and it took over 2 weeks to get to me . i ordered it for a camping trip and when i got home from the trip this tank was waiting for me on my front porch -LRB- too late -RRB- . the handle is great and any heater/grill will work just fine . i got the atachment hose from home-depo $ 20 . so i have not used it yet . i got it filled up for about $ 4 . i got 1.1 gal of propan in it . i guess it will eventualy pay for it self .
 I had a 2003 Pontiac Sunfire on which I installed this flywheel . What a difference this thing made ! Throttle response was virtually instant , and people were often intimidated to drive the `` Slowfire '' because of how quickly it reved . What a fun little car ... Anyway , great product , fit properly , no complaints . The only thing with any lightened flywheel is it will make take-off more difficult , but you 'll get used to it .
 If you are looking for a good set of brake hardware that includes all the metal brackets AND the rubber boots -LRB- which are sold separately elsewhere -RRB- , and you want `` Made in USA '' , this is the set ! We purchased for our 2000 Honda Odyssey , but it will fit other models too . Just look to see if it fits yours too !
 Buenas soy de Venezuela y compre este probador y llego en muy buen estado . Vino con todos sus accesorio y funciona perfecto ... Recomiendo Este Vendedor y el probador ... Good 'm from Venezuela and buy this tester and arrived in very good condition . It came with all accessories and works perfect ... I recommend this seller and tester ...
 These parts are heavy , , , very well made !! As in Awesome!Your rear struts move only up and down , , not side ways as the fronts do.An impact on the rear struts hits this part real good.Moog makes these lateral links , so well , , so good , , its a joy!The rubber bushings wear out over time and rust , , road salt take their toll.Moog has designed these partS to replace the originals in a manor that when installed you can torque these in real good , , and these part WILL LAST !! Amazon and Moog are your best move , , , yeah its a commercial but I have not the time or patience to be under my car replacing car parts . These cost more , yes but worth every last dime !! Your best bet , , buy !! Enjoy and your mechanic will tell you this is the way to go !
 Not a bad install by any mean 's . I have k & n on my other car wish i had this on both k@n is just as good untill you factor in cleaning and oiling it . This one you just unscrew and blow out the inside with air compresser put her back on and done.Also k@n is bad idea if you live on dirt road . You have to clean about every month easy . All the dirt stick 's to the filter 's oil and k@n oil and cleaner is about 12 to 14 buck 's for the recharge kit only good for about three cleaning 's . So money wise This guy save 's me in the long run . Got her on my 03 stang gt.k@n on my dodge durango 04 with hemi both sound great but factor in cleaning and kit @ price goes up on K@N BY ALOT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The product arrived in good condition and was exactly what i expected . No complaints and I did n't have to flatten it out at all . Fit my Mazda 6 dash exactly .
 Very complete kit . Directions are just an exploded view . I recommend Holley 's website . Some parts are duplicates for other carbs . I rebuilt the Marine 4150 off a 2006 Moomba Mobius LSV . Good luck !
 My Check Engine light on my 99 Mitsubishi Galant ES 4-cyl had been on for a few years . Checked the code when it first happened at an auto parts store and it was an O2 sensor Bank 1 Sensor 2 -LRB- code P0136 -RRB- . Which since I had only one exhaust pipe and catalyst converter , I only have a Bank 1 and the first sensor is before the catalyst and the second is after the catalyst , according to what I found on the internet . I got a Actron CP9180 autoscanner on Amazon and deleted the code but the engine light came back on on the way back to any trip , at about 10-15 miles . I bought the two Bosch 13417 O2 sensors because that 's what auto store sites said worked for front and back , if its not a California emissions , and a Lisle 20200 Spark Plug Thread Chaser , in case the threads were bad when I pulled them out , but did n't need to use . I removed the old O2 sensors after an hour of Liquid Wrench , a 7/8 '' wrench and a rubber mallet , Recommend 22mm wrench if you have one , which I did n't . O2 sensor sockets did n't work because the rachet handle had no way to fit under the car inbetween the exhaust . I did end up cutting one of the old O2 sensors wires off to get the round part of the wrench over the socket so I can bang it with the mallet . I did notice that the top head of the O2 sensor was different than pictured on amazon and the ones in my car but I 'm sure that does n't matter . Everything else was the same.The best thing is the Check Engine light never came back and I 'm sure my gas mileage will go up again . If not I 'll update the review .
 I ordered this TYC radiator and low and behold I received a Koyo radiator . I was doing some research , prior to purchasing a radiator , and discovered that Koyo radiators were one of the best radiators made . I looked on E-Bay and the Koyo 's were more expensive and did not offer a lifetime warranty . I purchased my radiator from Amazon . Not only did I receive a Koyo , but it came with a one year return policy through Amazon and ... a lifetime warranty through Koyo . Amazon Rocks !!!
 Smells good , Not exactly like leather but atleast its not a fruity smell or anything.By far one of the best scents .
 The wfco convertor that was in our $ 80,000.00 dollar coach has been a problem from the very beginning.The wfco went comlpetly out after 3 years.After installing the progressive dynamics 80 amp convertor I could not believe how fast it charged our 6 batteries . We have four large slides and they have never opened and closed so fast since we have owned it . I 'm very impressed with progressive dynamics product .
 Changed this sensor with `` ACDelco 213-1551 Sensor `` For my trailblazer , my MPG average increased from 14 to 17
 I was looking for the sensor before the CAT !!! This sensor is good OEM product and it was a super easy install for my 2004 Chevy Colorado Extended cab . Just wished that I read the title a little better !!!!!!!!!
 Bought this to replace existing one that has been in truck for 7 years . Really did not need it , but have read that replacing them increases gas mileage and it does . I would recommend replacing these in trucks or cars over 6 + years so you can restore you fuel mileage .
 What else can I say , its a good plug , does what I want , and is well built . not much more you can say .
 The mirror come with the mount and the glass glue , but I did not have to do a thing . Just put the new one instead of the old on . Works better than the factory one as this one is a bit larger .
 Replaced the old dry rotted rubber bushings with these ; by comparison it feels like the front axle actually stays under the truck . Very smooth yet firm feel . Steers much straighter as well so helps with the alignment too saving expensive wear on the tires.One thing to note
 This is an excellent scent , smells sooo sweet , better than all other scents to me . I 've been looking for this everywhere at different auto stores and no one seems to sell this . I thank God for Amazon . Trust me . . you wo n't be disappointed about this air freshner .
 I bought this item and about a week later it was loose.I tightend the screw again and about a day later it was loose again!After the third time the screw stripped the thread ... I drilled and tapped a new hole and it stripped as I screwed it on ! Ahhhh!My solution ... a bit of J-B Weld on the tip !
 The code reader arrived quickly and in great shape . This was a new product in the original package . The code reader worked well and helped me fix my problem . Great buy , no problems with the purchase . Response from the time I purchased and they shipped was very fast .
 Works a stated in Product Description . . I did go and get their extension cable just so could sit in the drivers seat and work the reader with alot more ezzzz ...
 This is a pretty good reader . Better than the others . Strong and durable . I would recommend this product over any other brand . - cough - Actron - cough -
 This well priced , easy to use code reader performs multiple tests , comes with code book , is well made and makes trouble shooting easy , quick shipping
 Bought this to diagnose OBD1 problems for a few of the Ford that are out here . Works as anticipated and I would say that DIY'ers would be able to use this easily . Shipped good . Thank you
 RECIEVED READER QUICKLY DOES WHAT THEY SAY IT DOES . BEEP IS LOUD ENOUGH TO HEAR WITH ENGINE RUNNING . HAS WARNING BUZZER WHEN YOU HOOK IT UP WRONG . VERY GOOD PRODUCT .
 This reader cost less than half the cost of having a mechanic hook up a diagnostic machine to tell you the same thing .
 The Holley marine fuel pump was as adverticed , and the delivery was excerlent , would use Amazon again .
 This clutch is between a Cadilac engine -LRB- in a Fiero -RRB- and a 5 speed transmission . It has been used to autocross , in the quarter mile , and at track days with no slippage , grabbing , or any other adverse actions . Plus it has held up to about 60,000 miles on the street and still going strong in spite of the use and abuse it has been subject to .
 I ordered these to use as every-day mats so I could save the car 's original mats . When they arrived , I examined them pretty carefully . They are well made , nicely edged , have a very nice rubber backing with nibs to grab the carpet . I put them in the car and they fit correctly . There are two negatives to these carpets , but they are minor . The red does not match the original `` torch red '' of my ` vertte ; however , the color coordinates well enough that they look very nice . The second is that they do n't have a heel pad for the driver 's side . With that said , they cost me half of what comparable mats would have cost . I 'm very pleased .
 I purchased the Tokico Clutch Master Cylinder from Amazon seller `` B2C Auto Parts '' last April -LRB- 2012 -RRB- and it 's working GREAT ! B2C Auto Parts had the best price and there were no problems at all with the transaction . I would purchase from them again . My husband and I replaced the original master cylinder -LRB- April 2012 -RRB- , which matched exactly to this Tokico , an OEM supplier to Mitsubishi and other auto makers .
 These mats are in all my cars . We love them . Sturdy , heavy , and can be used in all weather conditions .
 These car mats are a good buy . They have ridges where you can trim them to fit exactly to your vehicle . I like they way they look , and the rubber in the often worn area will insure they last a very long time .
 These front floor mats fit perfectly into my 2010 Chevrolet Cobalt . The rear floor mats are just a bit to large but they squeeze in without trimming . They do what I wanted and protect the floor mats from the normal tracking in of dirt and moisture .
 mats fit perfectly . i trimmed a litle off the back mats which was easy to do . they are heavy mats which is good because they do n't slide around . good value .
 I was very surprised by how well the NuFinish Car Wash worked . My car is so old , very dull from top to bottom & discolored , so I did n't expect this wash could nor would bring the original color back ... or leave a shine in the finish . But it did , So I HIGHLY recommend this wonderful product .
 Excellent ! I use it on the moneypit , the Porsche 911 , and also the reliable car , the Honda Civic . Buy it !
 This is without question the best version of this cap available on the market . It is far better quality than the more expensive domestic name brand models . It fits down over the fill tube farther , grips tighter , and has the best chrome . It is also smoothly crimped underneath , making it more comfortable to install and remove , having no sharp edge on the underside.Spectre 4280 Chrome Push-On Oil Filler Breather Cap
 This was not available at an auto parts store so I was glad to get it on Amazon . Also a good value .
 Identical to product purchased at dealer , at a fraction of the dealer 's price . An excellent buy !
 Bought these to replace the cabin filters on a used Civic that I had just purchased . They fit perfectly and were easy to install . Do n't know if the filters that were in the car were ever replaced , but they were filthy . I will be changing the filters now every 15,000 miles like the manufacturer recommends . Amazon was the cheapest I could find the filters for , so I purchased them . The price on Amazon seems to have gone up , but it is still probably the cheapest you will find them.The airflow in my car is much better now out of the vents . Next time I will probably buy filters that have the charcoal and absorb odors .
 Glad I found this for my twenty-two year old F350 work truck after the dealer said it obsolete and unavailable to be ordered.It 's not easy to replace the one the factory hid under the dash but very much worth the trouble if you want to have intermittent and slow wipers again . This one was an exact match to the original and it works great .
 This worked well as a OEM replacement . Installed with no problems in my old field beater Ford PU . Ca n't say more than if it works & does it 's intended job
 Purchased this item to fit my Ford F-150 . You can cross reference this item with Ford part # 17C476-AA . My wipers would work on high and low but would not do intermittent . I replaced this item myself and it works fine . Somewhat difficult to install -LRB- took about 1-hour -RRB- . By the way , I checked the price at my local Ford dealer and it would have cost $ 180 !!!!! Do the job yourself and save some serious money .
 OEM Quality at less than half the price and quickly delivered to my home . OEM dealer did not stock and stated 2 week delivery . Amazon delivered in 3 days .
 This is the controller for the intermittent wiper . When it fails it appears that the switch as failed . You will probably get erratic operation of the wipers -LRB- mine would only operated on high but I understand there can be other symptoms -RRB- . I removed the old controller before I ordered the new one which was difficult as I had trouble seeing how it was mounted . Once I understood the mounting it was easy . If you can verify the part number for your vehicle wait until the new one arrives before taking out the old unit.Buying the part from Amazon and intalling myself saved a lot of money . I was unable to find the part anywhere else except the dealer who who wanted over three times more for the part .
 Well they are just rotors , Big , Heavy , Round , pieces of steel . But they do have a good coating on them and they stop my vehicle . . A + + + for me !
 After paying out way too much money for the last O2 sensor I had replaced , I knew it could ' t be too tough to do this myself . The O2 sensor arrived promptly and I set to installing it . Couple things to remember , there are 2 different types of sensors on a Toyota Tundra , I was replacing the Bank 1 - Sensor 1 side , which is the passenger side on the exhaust manifold . Triple check you order the correct sensor . The only tough part of the whole process was having the right tool . There are 2 different O2 sensor wrenches , get the one that looks like a socket with a slit cut down the side , it is the only one that will work in the space . Warm up the truck a little bit , put on your gloves and loosen up the old one , then install the new one . It is as easy as it sounds .
 For first generation Toyota Tundra V-8 . I got a P0103 code -LRB- bad O2 sensor Bank # 1 , Sensor # 1 -- left side , exhaust manifold -RRB- . Repair shop quoted $ 250-275 . Bought this and a `` OEM 25001 3/8-Inch Dr. Oxygen Sensor Socket . `` Took a little while to figure out how to unplug the harness -LRB- it was a squeeze to release -RRB- . Also , wanted to buy copper anti-seize , but discovered this O2 sensor already includes anti-seize ... so that 's what that plastic cover is for !
 I replaced all 4 o2 sensors on my Toyota and it helped with my gas milage . The senors fit just like OEM and were cheaper what more could you ask for ?
 Perfect fit ! I agree that the hardest pat was unsnapping the plug in end of the sensor.I saved hundreds by doing it myself . I had the &#34; Check Engine &#34; the &#34; traction light &#34; and one other that I &#34; ca n't remember &#34; light on . The dealer wanted $ 300.00 for a 30 min job to change one O2 sensor -LRB- which fixed the issues and is the toughest to get to -RRB- and $ 700.00 to install all 3 ! What a joke . They wonder why the auto industry is failing!DO IT YOURSELF ! If I can do it so can YOU !
 This is the second set I have installed . It would be nice to be sure if they are intended for upper or Lower .
 The Bosch oxygen sensor has a slightly different shape and length at the `` probe/sensor '' end , but threads in fine and has matching connector assembly as compared to the original OEM Denso sensor on my 2001 Lexus LX470 . I bought it with the recommended slotted socket . Removal and replacement went smoothly and the Bosch sensor is working perfectly .
 It took less time to install than the dealer quoted . Did I mention that it cost 4 times less than the dealer or any auto parts store quoted .
 Bosch Engineers are the most critical guys on the planet and they drive that in everything they design . Quality construction is on par with OEM or better . Do n't settle for less.I 've installed these on vehicles for the past 10yrs and no failures yet .
 Works perfect for my 2000 tundra . Easy to put on also . I would recommend to anyone who needs a sensor .
 Same identical model number was $ 30 more at Autozone . On my 2002 Tundra V8 , the sensor was n't hard to get to but I would not have been able to get old one off without and impact wrench even though I used PB blaster 4 hours before I started . Check engine light went out , saved a bunch of money , took about 30 minutes .
 2001 Tundra V8 - Error code P0155 - `` Up-stream '' O2 Sensor on passenger side.Amazingly , the sensor unscrewed quite easily from the exhaust header using a Lisle 12100 Oxygen Sensor Socket . What was a bit tricky was releasing the wiring clip . It has a squeeze to release retaining clip on the opposite side from the engine . When I used a flat head screw driver in just the right spot to release the retaining clip , the connector came loose with minimal effort . I have fairly strong hands , but I could n't manually squeeze the release clip hard enough without the aid of the screwdriver . The sensor , including the length of the wiring , was a perfect fit for my Tundra.The error code has remained off , so I assume all is good .
 Oxygen sensor worked to clear the code on computer . That was it 's intended use . Easy to install with the use of the oxygen sensor socket . I would not try to replace the sensor without the socket . Follow directions and you will have great results . Thanks Amazon for having great prices on these sensors .
 After hearing from local shops , who insist on making 200.00 profit for this replacement , I had to do it myself . It is an easy fix , you just have to have `` Brake free '' -LRB- loosens tight/stuck bolts -RRB- a torch -LRB- to heat metal around the sensor -RRB- and lots of muscle ! 177K miles on my Toyota and I had to replace the original . . it was stuck !!! Just be patient and sure not to strip bolt head and you can do it . I had my local car parts store -LRB- Auto parts chain -RRB- diagnose with their computer and then clear the dash . . Cost ? $ 5.00 tip to the kid and a handshake .
 The sensor is an exact fit and installed easily . Will need an O2 socket for the Tundra to reach up under the exhaust manifold . Saved time and money with Amazon .
 The O2 sensor was exactly as advertised - the factory replacement - and installed just fine.The service was first-rate , arriving as promised .
 After getting a check engine and disabled traction light which scared the heck out of me thinking it could be a huge problem , I found out it was a bad O2 sensor . Shopped around and found the best deal here on amazon . I saved $ 60 each and ordered 2 . Besides getting dirt and debris in my face that accumulated over the years of driving it was an easy swap . The sensor has a roundish tip versus the thimble type with holes that oem had . I 'm guessing that this is the latest and greatest of the sensor types . There 's antiseize already placed on the threads so just pop it on and ready to go .
 Purchased 2 for my Lexus 2002 LX470 . High quality , perfect replacements , work perfectly . Also best price found !
 I bought two of these as mats for inside mine and my daughter 's tents while camping . Nothing fancy here but for the price I got what I expected . Just a rubber mat with some simple channels to hold any materials or liquid that might drop onto it .
 I have n't installed the head bolts yet but they match up the bolts that were removed . These bolts are Torque to Yield , so I am happy to get replacements for such a great price !
 I was thrilled to find this product as it was for a 1972 Pontiac . I actually used it to touch up the paint on my metal kitchen chairs and it is the most beautiful metallic blue , just like when I originally painted them . Price was reasonable and shipping was fairly quick .
 Top quality ... excellent intake , very happy with the looks and performance , I will purchase for all future vehicles . Install is a piece of cake as well .
 Always a great product . Ford radius arm bushings take a lot of abuse , especially on a lifted truck . These bushings hold up and last . They wo n't wear out and split like factory rubber bushings .
 After replacing the front oxygen sensor on my 2002 Hyundai Elantra GT with a dealer purchased sensor -LRB- about 90 dollars -RRB- my check engine light was still on . Upon further investigation with my OBD reader I realized that it was the oxygen sensor near the catalytic converter that was bad . When doing a search on Amazon I was surprised to find that not only was the sensor available , it was at least half the dealer price . The sensor was an exact match to the original and solved my check engine light issue .
 No miss-shipment here . After more than a month of use the unit is performing as expected . Price was right and the installation was a breeze.using the Tekton Oxygen Senor Socket Drive . Threads seem to be coated with anti-seize so no need for buying some . before installation .
 My check engine light was on because of a faulty O2 Sensor . I could n't believe how expensive this small part was at local automotive stores . When I found this I had to get it , I could n't beat the price . I installed it , and have had no issues whatsoever with my car since . It 's definitely an excellent buy .
 A good , cost effective replacement for the sensor on my 2002 Hyundai Accent.Got a mechanic to fit it along with a replacement Bosal 802-453 Intermediate Pipe that I picked up on an online auction site.No issues after 6 months .
 I recently purchased this item and i am very happy with performance the check engine goes off , the engine runs great and no more power loss.Perfect fit and same than OE
 We have a Toyota Tacoma and i was very nervous about buying the seatcovers on line because i was worried they would not fit . Not a problem , they fit perfect , look great .
 I bought this four pack to cover up the chassis under my rear seats due to the noise of the RWD drone getting a little annoying on long road trips . It was just enough to cover everything , and it did reduce noise ! People in the back seat can now understand someone sitting in the front without having to strain to hear . While I did n't use these for a typical install -LRB- like around door speakers or subs in the trunk -RRB- , I can say without a doubt that it was a high quality product and was painless to install . Just peel and stick , smooth down as desired , let mold/dry for about an hour if you want to be safe , and then replace door cover/seats/trunk lining/whatever . This may not matter , but only one of the sheets has the BOOM MAT logo imprinted on it , the rest are just unmarked plain sheets.I can also add that they have virtually NO smell , and they have stood up to 103 degree days without stinking up . I 've heard cheaper sound deadners can cause a smell in high temps due to cheaper materials . This is just something I saw while researching deadners , and having no smell was important for my purchase .
 I used the pack of 4 to do two doors to help with an annoying vibration . It worked - I ordered some more to do a good sound insulation for speakers going in to the doors and also used it under the hatch and it made the sub sound even better !
 fit great and look great ... first ones I found at a reasonable price . Covers area very well and I would recommend
 This product was easy to install and fixed the problem of the auto shop not being able to properly adjust the toe in . Quality product I would highly recommend . I would use again if needed on another vehicle .
 After being quoted a price of $ 465 + for the parts & install of camber bolts on my 2003 Ford Explorer Sport Trac , I looked into doing it myself . Found the two camber bolt kits I needed , here on Amazon , for $ 46 and free shipping -LRB- dealer wanted $ 295 just for the parts -RRB- . I went to The Sport Trac website and found an installation project at this address :[ ... -RSB- The install took a couple hours for a friend & I , but was n't anything overly complex . The Moog parts appear to be high quality & arrived in good order . Very happy to have saved over $ 400 .
 These were just the last parts needed for me to complete the rebuild of my Expedition 's front end . Same parts that ford sells , only about 4 times less the cost .
 I recently rebuilt my front suspension on my Ford Explorer , and wanted to replace the cam bolts with newer parts . These Moog cam bolts are quality construction and make excellent aftermarket replacements for worn original parts .
 I was going through my Amazon items and noticed this product I bought a few years ago . I clicked on it and it had no reviews . Could n't believe it . So I figured I put something even though I applied my Rust Bullet a few years ago . I had some rust issues on the rear of my 99 4-runner . Looked like the previous owner had dropped a boat/jetski many times without washing the salt out afterwards . The last 3-4 feet on the truck were in sad shape . I went to town with hand/elec . wire brushes and knocked all the loose stuff off . Cleaned it up real nice and painted this stuff on . YOU DO NOT WANT TO BREATHE THIS STUFF . I bought a full NIOSH mask for like $ 30-40 . You can still smell the Rust Bullet and get lightheaded through the mask . Again it 's a very potent product . The thick paint goes on real nice and the silver color makes it easy to see your work . I think I only used the 1 set for the entire rear end . I hit some other spots on the vehicle as well . After it was all dry I just used some nice flat black rust spray paint for that last extra layer of protection and of course to make it black . This stuff is really nice , it 's like liquid metal . I still have the truck 3-4 years since I did this and it still looks the same . I would use this again , probably with a better mask and have a fan blowing directly at me . I dnt thank it effcted my brane cells thogh . haha
 I 've used POR , and its okay . Eventually it rusts , its better than nothing , but its not some magic silver bullet for rust.This stuff is . I painted crappy rusty metal on a 69 chevelle , let it sit in a shed for two years , and it looked absolutely perfect . There was no blossoming of rust , nothing . It was perfect.This paint is tough , super strong , sticks to damn near everything -LRB- hands included , so watch out -RRB- , it looks sharp , and if you paint it on nicely , it evens itself out very well . Expensive , but if you have something you are going to paint , and you 're not sure if you got all the rust off of it , paint it with this first.If you have to be sure , and you do n't want to do it again , this is the best stuff I 've seen . The six shooter is great too , because one little can goes a long way . Its not like you 're painting your house with this stuff . Its expensive , so its nice to not have one big can go bad when you only use half of it .
 I searched for a trailer hitch for my 2007 Scion TC to use with a bike rack . I decided not to fool around with the installation and had a mechanic install it for me . It fits perfectly under my car and looks great when not in use .
 I got the Moog sway bar links which were actually different from what the picture on amazon showed.The links I received had rather non-sealed boots -LRB- big surprise for me as I expected Moog would make them sealed somehow -RRB- which can only work as dust protectors , and in no way can they protect the joint ball from water -LRB- which is a lot more dangerous than dust as it causes quick rust evolution -RRB- . Also , the links I receved were equiped with Zerg fittings , which means I had to grease the links , but since the boots are not securely fixed I wonder how long the grease can be kept inside . . The metal is thick and overall the links seem very sturdy , but the boots which do not protect the interior from water are a big question mark . .
 Great item to keep on the shelf as a spare for your Fram HPG1 filter unit .
 have not installed yet but it and housing look very good . this is to be a diesel pre filter well made unit
 These fit my van pretty well . They are attractive and make the car look a lot newer . You can vacuum them pretty easily for spills . I 've had a little trouble keeping one of the arm covers on but other than that they are great .
 Somewhere in Taiwan they are building 1992 Honda accords from the ground up - this was a great cheap alternative to OEM part
 I too have an 03 ZX3 with excessive rear camber . After receiving the Moog plate set ... I decided not to use both the 1/2 * and the 1 * plates on each wheel . Why ? Because Moog does n't actually recommend it ... the instruction sheet says to use either the 1/2 * or the 1 * plates . Using these plates put a `` sideload '' on the bolt heads holding the rear spindle on the car ... maybe 1.5 * is a little too much ??? At any rate they were fairly easy to install . I did n't use the rivets ... I did RTV the plates in place over the old rivets . The -LRB- 4 -RRB- bolts do all the holding in place.I also added a `` rubber donut '' to each coil spring . This raises the suspension slightly -LRB- helps sagging springs -RRB- ... stiffens the spring ... and might reduce camber by maybe 1/2 * or so . They also reduce `` rolling '' of the car on corners ... which tends to wear the tires more.note
 I picked up a 2003 Ford Focus and noticed that the rear wheels had an extreme negative camber . It was roughly about 2 degrees leaning in . I discovered that the Ford Focus has no adjustment for camber on the rear wheels , only a toe adjustment . I 've seen some adjustable camber bolts on the market but this involves grinding off the welded-on factory nut on the trailing arm . These shims offer a total of 1-1/2 degrees of negative or positive adjustment -LRB- there 's a 1-degree shim and a 1/2-degree shim -RRB- . Installation was pretty easy -LRB- depending on how mechanically inclined you are -RRB- and after I was done my rear wheels are nearly perpendicular to the ground . I should have a more even tire wear as a result . These shims are high quality -LRB- made by Moog -RRB- and come with longer bolts and mounting rivets . If your Focus has a bad negative rear camber this is the kit to get ... well worth the price .
 A great oil filter at about half the price of competitors . And , I saved a trip to the auto parts store .
 My son loved it . Very good quality for the money . It looks very nice and it 's strong . Well worth the money .
 Works perfectly , priced much better than the same item purchased at so called &#34; Discount &#34; auto parts stores . Comes complete with anti-seize thread installation lubricant , which will save a lot of grief in the event you ever have to replace this sensor .
 This coil bank was brand new and works perfectly . At $ 60.00 it was a little over 40 % cheaper than the next best price .
 sounds like it SUCKING ALOT OF AIR . 0-60 on my jeep cut down about 1 sec installing this . not that much performace.but sound good . little better mpg depend how u drive . i like floor boarding it now . sounds soo good
 This fit kit worked great for my 2006 Magnum . I highly recommend this product if you have a Magnum with no roof rails .
 well pleased with this product , i 've got value for money , very good product , shipping arrived on time , thanks for everything
 I ordered the TYC 2414 radiator for my 02 Nissan Altima . Shipping was right on time , about 2 days , and it looked and fit exactly as is should . I installed it my self and so far so good ... I gave it 4 stars only because I want to give it time to perform . . only time will tell , but so far so good !
 The hatch supports were an excellent value compared to the dealer cost . The supports worked just fine - once I managed to install them . The retaining clips were very difficult to install . I would rate this purchase experience 3 1/2 stars .
 I bought these to replace the worn OEM rotors for my 2002 Subaru Impreza 2.5 TS Wagon.They came well packaged , and coated with a thin film of oil . MAKE SURE TO REMOVE THIS OIL THOROUGHLY . Walmart brake cleaner works wonders.Installation was simple , and I paired them up with some Hawk Ceramic brake pads . Needless to say , they stop much better than the OEM brakes.They 're made in China , but the material and machining seems to be very well done . I 'd consider them a high quality replacement part at a great value .
 This jacket feels awesome . I was getting too hot with my old one , but the mesh on this one allows for plenty of air flow . I also wore it once it got colder , and with the liner installed it was plenty warm for riding in cold Connecticut winter .
 I 've ridden with this jacket a couple of times now in upper 80 weather , and when you 're moving it keeps you cool . The loose mesh and perforated leather lets the air through . I 'm sure with the liner in this will be good for cooler days , too . It has excellent shoulder , elbow , side and upper and lower back protection . It 's well made and it looks great too . I ordered the 2XL and it fit just as I expected it to . I 'm very happy with this Joe Rocket Reactor jacket , and it looks like this jacket is going to last a long time .
 Moog parts are all I use they are still made in the U.S.A !!!!!! and thank you MOOG for not selling out like all the other greedy parts manufacturers . it is so nice to be able to buy a american made part made out of real steel with greese fittings instead of buying a part made out of recycled pop cans from communist china . . buy from moog keep your car or truck safe and strong . and keep the jobs here .
 I ca n't believe that I got two of these overnighted , for less than one localy . Amazon is now my first stop to search for parts !
 Perfect fit original equipment for my truck quick shipment . Get good quality parts for the price of lesser quality at the parts store
 I recently installed the Centrapod speaker box to my `` 85 CJ7 . It has made all the difference in providing sound in the wind . I definitely recommend this product !!
 I ordered two sets of the Motion Pro Spoon-Type Tire Irons -LRB- 4 tire spoons total -RRB- to change my own ATV tires . Before ordering I was concerned that they may be too small and not provide enough leverage . Not to worry , they are the perfect length , any longer and they would not work well with smaller tires such as what is on a Yamaha Blaster . The rounded spoon does not dig into the rims or tire . The handle portion is very comfortable and the metal is strong , they do not flex or bend . The only problem associated with them is they should be sold in packs of three . You could mount the tires with two , but you would have to put more pressure on the rubber than using three . The fourth spoon was not used during the mounting process so I guess I have a spare . Having the right tool always makes a job easier to do and these are awesome to work with .
 I ordered these tire irons to change the tires on my Buell Blast , The fact that they include a pouch to keep the Tire irons in is a great addition . I used them to mount my rear tire -LRB- Pirelli Diablo -RRB- and it really held up to the job . I was think that with the way that I was cranking on these that it would bend , but not so . I would have to agree with other reviews that to have another pack so that I would have 3 Tire irons to use while mounting is a good idea . I know it ups the price a bit , but it 's worth it . i did get my tire mounted with just two , but I did notice there was a point where I would n't have minded having a 3rd ... Great Tire Iron , I would recommend these . .
 The Motion Pro tire iron are awesome . I never changed a tire and go tired of paying a lot of money to the dealerships . So I did some research and found out that it is n't hard at all to change a tire on my own . I heard a lot of good things about the motion pro tire iron and was looking for a great deal , found it here on amazon and ordered them.So , how did my tire change go . Pretty well . The spoon shaped tire irons work great . It took me a little bit to get my stiff tire of , but after 10 minutes the change was completed . I mean done , old tire removed , new tire put on . The length of the iron provide enough level to do this without a lot of effort.I highly recommend this tool .
 The motion pro spoons are well shaped and designed . I can take of dirt bike tires with just two of them and a little effort . They are well enough made that careful use wo n't even scratch up clear anodized aluminum wheels to any noticeable degree .
 I have several of these . They work great . I would give it five stars but I did have the thin spoon portion of one spoon bend when using on a particularly difficult street tire once . Was able to bend it back in shape and it has worked fine since . Only happened once and only to one spoon . Probably really a 4.5 rating , if I had that option .
 These are a must-have item for anyone who takes their motorcycle on extended trips -LRB- especially off-road -RRB- . They stash neatly in your front fender pack and I got them for about 20 % less than the mfg.
 First off , if you are replacing tires , get THREE -LRB- 3 -RRB- spoons , it makes the entire process of tire removal/installation so much easier . With just two spoons you are constantly fighting the bead popping back on/off as you move the spoon around . Three , NO SUCH PROBLEM . Check YouTube for details . I bought one 2-pack and a single -LRB- Motion Pro
 Got to me quick and timely . Used them to mount a 130/90 -18 on a spoked rim with inner tube . Never came close to biting the tube . Enough length for leverage if you take small bites . Nice size to carry .
 I have tried a few different spoons and while most are functional they do n't have the wide rear handle which makes things very comfortable with my large hands . The length is perfect for a Suzuki DS80 tire and the spoon tip is shaped very wide and smooth which helps tremendously in not doing the tube puncture thing as you install . The company I bought these from -LRB- Scooterworks USA -RRB- has become my favorite dealer as they go above and beyond what is asked -LRB- plus I love their calendar ... some sweet scoots in there -RRB- . The Motion Pro spoon is solid and worth every penny you invest .
 Basically paid for itself with the first tire change . Seems to be well made . The rounded handle end ensured a secure grip on the tool . I used two to change out a 14 inch motorcycle tire , but three would have made things much easier . First time changing a tire , so online videos were referenced quite a bit . Would definitely recommend to others , but would also highly recommend some sliding plastic rim protectors to keep rims pristine .
 It 's Moog what else can you say . Built to work and last . just do n't like the colour at all . yes
 The quality of the Moog products surpasses OEM standards , thicker steel , denser bushing , and OEM fit made this replacement job an easy one . Highly recommended .
 It 's bad enough to believe everything you hear - but at least if you believe everything you hear , you 're believing something that at least one other person believes in ! Thinking is great , but do n't let it get you sidetracked from life .
 The National Seashore requires vehicles carry a piece of plywood to act as a base for a jack . This base puts plywood to shame . The jack wo n't slip off , the base is heavy plastic so it wo n't rot or break . And you ca n't get slivers from it.I got the Off-Road Base so the jack would n't sink out of sight in soft ground .
 Upon receiving this extended base , I had 2nd thoughts about really needing it . I had an occasion to use it recently and found that it 's sturdy , light weight , and stabilizes the jack much more than the foot on the jack itself . The base is easy to clean . I also found the Orange color kept me front leaving it behind . I do wish the pocket the jack rests in was true to the size of the jack ... too much space around the jack , and that the pocket was a little deeper . Other than those 2 issues , the extended base is a great accessory to have along for your jack .
 This is a must have to add to your recovery gear . When you go out there in an all terrain area , you just never know what to expect , so grab one if you do n't have it , especially when its been raining and it 's muddy : -RRB-
 I never have to use this for myself ... It 's always my friends who need it ! It is a must for wheeling when you never know what the conditions may be like . It 's durable and makes it much safer .
 I got my FJ60 high centered on a rock in a dried out stream bed . With this base I was able to jack up the side of the FJ in the sand with ease and safely . Highly recommend .
 As the earlier reviews stated , its basically indispensable . It even comes with a place to tie a line so you can retrieve out of the mud or sand when you 're done . It beats wood and does the job .
 Product was as described and arrived on time . People who use a trailer should find this to be a useful item .
 hi-lift jack base ... Heavy duty plastic and jack fits perfectly in it . Used it on the sand to jack my 7000 lb truck without a problem .
 Havent had to use this base but I glad I have on hand for 4 wheeling if you have a hi lift jack you should have this as well
 I was very pleased with the jack base I purchased . It is made of heavy duty plastic so it is thick but does n't weigh a lot . It will work with a Hi Lift jack or a small bottle jack will also fit in it .
 I have had my hi-lift jack for 15 years . I finally added the base and it adds some much needed stability and a bit better floatation in mud and sand . So if you have a hi-lift , do yourself a favor and get the base you wo n't regret it .
 Product was shipped and received in short order as advertised . Its a thick chunk of plastic that is reinforced with ribbing . Should hold up fairly well in conjunction with the Hi-Lift jack .
 I have used this a couple of time with my Hi-Lift Extreme jack . Fortunately i have not need to use it for anything important but it is build to last . it is a great compliment to a wonderful product .
 Not much to say other than it does what it is supposed to do . I have used it a couple of times when I was stuck in the sand and it worked .
 This base is BIG , so big ai had no where to store it on my off road car . . But it is a nice peice . .
 Very sturdy base and light weight . This base will definitely get the job done and probably out live me . Not much to say other than that . I recommend .
 I was n't going to get this for a while because of the price , but had my kids get it for me for Christmas . It 's feels very heavy duty , and even with the price , I 'm glad to have it rather than not . When I get stuck with a flat , I 'm sure I 'm not going to be bitching about the $ 30 + it cost .
 Excellent design . Heavy duty , easy to pack around . Be sure to tie a 4 ' flat-strap tether to it or it will get lost in the muck . Be careful when using on some surfaces as it is a bit slick . Product is mainly to keep jack from sinking not sliding . A chunk of sticky rubber mat may be a good addition to your kit as well .
 Definitely better and more useful than carrying around a piece of wood . Makes Hi-lift very stable on sand and soft surfaces .
 Very solid , and heavier than I expected . It does its job spreading the weight over a larger area to prevent sinking into soft ground . The jack itself is fine if being used on a hard surface .
 works great . I use it for my 2000 Jeep Wrangler and it works like a charm . No complaints on it so far .
 It is a very pratical tool to lift your vehicle when you use hi-lift jack and stabilized it . Not too heavy to keep it and not too big to use .
 It 's a big piece of plastic , what more do you need to know ? It 's silly for how much it is but it 's very strong , well constricted and if you 're stuck in snow or mud it really helps spread the weight
 Had mine for use with my shorter Hi-Lift -LRB- cast -RRB- jack has been repainted and I carry a repair kit since 1977 . Also carry a Pul-Pal & a 29 pound 1st Aid Kit that I put together . Did I mention I 'm a retired , handicapped medical professional ? Been driving Jeeps since I was 22 years old -LRB- actually 12 in Indonesia -RRB- in Texas when I bought a '46 Willy 's . I also have a wood plywood form to go under this product and holes thru both for a yellow nylon rope to pull both out off the Texas mud when the extraction is finished ! Never lose your gear ! Costs too much ! Pull s-l-o-w to get it out of mud or sad . This goes well with another product tested by me and sold by Amazon that fits into the spokes of a wheel and utilizes a Hi-Lift .
 Im very pleased with my puchase , it 's exactly what I expected and saved a few bucks in the process . The item arrived promtly and it great shape .
 For that price it is great product . Hubs and edges of rotor are painted , which prevents rusting . Looks very good , and looks like it is very nicely machined.Product was better than I 've expected . So far , after about 1000 miles I am happy with braking quality . I 've installed Hawk HPs on all corners as well .
 Great product . Awesome build quality . Added to StopTech pads , braking difference is night and day different on my 2005 WRX .
 No rust on the pads as advertised . So far after 2 weeks look as good as new . combined with Posi-quiet Ceramic brake pad with shims - great combination . Stops True . Great rotors .
 You cant go wrong for the price , these rotors do the job , no warping under high heat , and seem to vent great , I would buy them again !
 I 'm quite pleased with these rotors . I paired these rotors withAkebono ACT929 ProACT Ultra-Premium Ceramic Brake Pad Setfor my Subaru Outback , and they 're working very well and are very quiet . Stopping power is better and fade is less than the previous equipment . If you 're not going to the race track , I recommend this combo as a comparable but less expensive alternative to Brembo rotors and Hawk HPS pads .
 This was a perfect replacement for my factory rotors . The anti-rust coating seems like it will last for a while , but I still used anti-seize when putting them on to make sure they are easy to remove later . These rotors cost me less than the brake shop wanted to charge to remove and turn my original rotors.I 've only had the car out for a short test drive , so the pads are n't fully bedded in . They seem to be working well , with no judder.I held onto my factory rotors just in case -LRB- I think they are thick enough to turn them one more time and reuse them -RRB- , but I do n't think I 'll need them .
 I bought a Subaru for my daughter with badly rusted disks in front . These rotors were easy to replace and did n't need turning . They were coated with cosmolene , so you need to clean with white gas or acetone before install . Paint on inside of vents should help with rust issue . Why does n't everyone use paint ???
 I put this on my front bumper , in hopes that people in front of me would read it but not hit me -LRB- as my rear bumper stickers may be wont to do -- someone did back into my rainbow sticker , as I matter of fact -RRB- . This sticker is not going to insult anyone , I should think , so put it anywhere you feel like it ! Most of us do believe everything , although most of us do n't think for ourselves -LRB- look at how many people are still using cellphones and pass you car at 80 miles an hour -- they 're talking , not thinking -RRB- . Anyway , this is harmless , but humorous , and serious , too . If you 're really brave , though , I recommend trying a humourous AND political bumpersticker along with this .
 Fram Tough Guard Oil Filters are excellent . This is a good price with free shipping .
 Being a maintenance buff for our families 4 vehicles , I find Amazon a convenient and very cost-effective source for my Fram Automotive products . Besides being priced at competitive prices with leading retail outlets , delivery to my home is the icing on the cake for me . I prefer the ToughGuard line of products , although regular oil & air & filter changes with any brand is the key to good auto health .
 I am on a 10,000 mile schedule and need a high performance fileter . Seems to do the job .
 This jacket feels awesome . I was getting too hot with my old one , but the mesh on this one allows for plenty of air flow . I also wore it once it got colder , and with the liner installed it was plenty warm for riding in cold Connecticut winter .
 I 've ridden with this jacket a couple of times now in upper 80 weather , and when you 're moving it keeps you cool . The loose mesh and perforated leather lets the air through . I 'm sure with the liner in this will be good for cooler days , too . It has excellent shoulder , elbow , side and upper and lower back protection . It 's well made and it looks great too . I ordered the 2XL and it fit just as I expected it to . I 'm very happy with this Joe Rocket Reactor jacket , and it looks like this jacket is going to last a long time .
 This is perhaps the best street/hi performance clutch on the market today . Very smooth but really positive . You ca n't go wrong with this one !!
 Engine delivered to my door for $ 10 AND it was $ 400 less than all the competitors AND no core charge so I can get about $ 100 for the scrap engine core . Engine is running great with all kinds of power !
 Used these on my 2003 Explorer , Eddie Bauer and had no problems , great product ! Would use again ! Highly recommend these !
 So far so good . They are not heavy duty but work fine . Would be better if they had grommets so the floor holders in the car could be used . I had to put heavy duty velcro on the car floor to hold them in place so they would not slide forward . Not like Lexus OEM but serviceable .
 Installation was easy , only took about an hour . The quality of the product is good and so far it has held up well . I did instantly notice an increase in HP and torque . I have n't noticed any whistling sounds like some CAI can make . Yeah , it can get wet if you we 're to take it in a car wash or if you are crossing water in a 4x4 since its not sealed like a stock air box so know your limitations.Overall I am satisfied with this product . And $ 200.18 shipped was the best price I could find online .
 Got this intake to replace the stock one in the hopes of getting more horsepower after lifting my Jeep . I was not disappointed . Simple to install , looks great and sounds awesome . Could n't be better and the Amazon price was great as well .
 I purchased this for my 2006 Jeep Grand Cherokee . It is not cut quite right , with the mat being rounded outward over the middle part of the console above the stereo , otherwise it fits pretty good .
 The module was promply delivered and I received the item that I ordered ...
 Great seat for a great price ! It fits just right ! And looks great ! I had been lookin for a two up seat for some time and this dies the job !
 This product arrived quicker than the suggested date which was great ! It was easy to install and fit perfectly .
 Looks like they 've fixed the shipping issues mentioned by the other reviewer . Mine arrived in just 2 days -LRB- ordered slowest ship -RRB- , neatly bubbled wrapped , in a card board box . The part was brand new . Thumbs up to the seller .
 I had recently purchaced a truck and , was doing research on seat covers ... I heard good things about Coverkings quality ... so , I took a chance . After a couple of weeks , I was notified that my seatcovers had shipped ... there was no tracking available ... about a week later , another email ... this time , they were double checking if I had ordered the correct covers ... -LRB- My toyota did have a few seat options -RRB- as there are no returns on custom seat covers ... even though I was VERY specific in my original order , I verified the order as correct ... two more weeks passed ... nothing and , no tracking to fall back on so , I emailed them inquiring about my order ... and my package was on my doorstep the next day ... they fit like a glove !! Neoprene seat covers are a little pricey but in my opinion , worth the wait !!!!
 The product as such is described , works perfect on my Galant V6 2.5 liter . The shipping was fast and smooth , received without delay or confusion . The manufacturer 's box is a little big for the size of the filter .
 Used this to waterproof my car top carrier purchased for camping . Worked great and kept everything dry as advertised . Excellent product .
 Everything in the description of this product is true . We love it . It folds and stows away easily , it is very waterproof , it is not noisey , it stays in place at 80 MPH when set atop the Packright mounting-pad , and it is easy to open and close , load and unload . This is a highly recommended , useful , and priced-correctly product . We give it an A + . george and nancy
 I bought this item from Amazon and I must say its very nice and roomy and will do for the purpose that I have in mind ! thanks for the deal ! Terry Burgess
 I bought this a few weeks ago as my husband and I were planning to make a trip from Knoxville , TN to Peoria , IL for Christmas with our two dogs in my 2003 Pontiac Vibe . On trips before , our dogs had to almost lay down on top of one another -LRB- with the back seats folded down -RRB- , on both the trip up with presents to give , and the trip back with presents received . Also , our luggage is heavier than usual due to the bulkiness of sweaters and coats and everything we 'd have to take with us for these winter holiday trips.It was pretty easy to put in place . The straps are strong - my husband did utilize the belt that goes inside the car 's hatch , but was a bit wild-eyed that in order to set the belt up , one would have to know how big of a cargo would be carried . Basically , the top straps would have to be in place with an empty ` saddlebag ' in order to guestimate how tight the ` belt ' should be , as there is no tightening option once the hatch is closed . -LRB- Not an easy task with only one person as he had to constantly make adjustments as he added cargo to the pack -RRB- On the return trip we found that placing the clasp for the belt on the inside of the car made it easier to tighten once the hatch was closed as opposed to on the outside.My only gripes are how the company describes the product . There is no `` plastic insert that fits in the bottom of the bag to provide strength and structure . '' Also , as the video for the product falsely details , there is no insert for a license plate . Thanks to other reviews , we were prepared for this and put a copy of my license plate taped in the hatch window , placed thick cardboard in the bottom for support and used a Rubbermaid laundry basket for structure while placing everything strategically inside to balance the weight.One other weird thing
 I rather enjoy my RG and have currently left it on my truck for 2 weeks now . It has 2 tents , 2 air beds and various sleeping bags in it now . I was worried about the weight limit but it seems to be holding up . It moves ever so slightly on turns but so far has n't been an issue . Look to other reviews on how to load the RG as they are spot on . I lift mine , use my hip then place the buckle in position to secure it . I do not use a board for the bottom but I could see how that would be beneficial . I have n't been in torrential down pours just yet but the water that did hit it , did not get inside . My RG is filled to the top so the water flap goes over the zipper . As others have said , i had a camper come over and inspect the bag and inquired how to get it , so it is a head turner . My truck has a window hatch and the main hatch door . I 'm not sure but i think the bag bent the window hinge cover box . . i could be wrong and never noticed it before but i think that 's the case , so be careful if you have a window hatch . Overall this bag does what it says and it yes it looks like a fanny pack for your truck but I think it 's still stylish , not like a hard case hitch cargo but like , hey that 's neat stylish . MY RG came with the license plate pouch , i printed a color copy , trimmed it and put it in there , it looks great , almost ca n't tell it 's a print out . Passed several cops , no issues.EDITI got deep into my bag the other day and discovered that yes indeed water does get inside even when the flaps are down . I 'm assuming it is the back seam or the seam against the truck that let the water in . I would suggest not putting anything in there you do n't want to get wet or covering it with a plastic bag .
 We were n't sure what to expect from this product ; however , after receiving it and using it on our vacation roadtrip we were believers ! We were able to pack a lot of things in the PackRight that would not fit in the cargo area of our 2010 Highlander . The only two things we would alter about the PackRight would be to add a bottom liner that is sturdier -LRB- more rigid -RRB- and the bottom tie downs would be the crank type where they could be tightened more easily . Overall we give this a thumbs up and would buy the product again .
 I travel with four Irish Wolfhounds in my minivan , so I do n't have much interior space for packing . I did n't want a cartop carrier because they 're so hard to reach . This saddlebag attaches to the rear and holds LOTS of stuff . It does n't block the rearview , is waterproof and you can access it during a trip without needing a ladder . I thoroughly recommend it .
 We used this on our trip from Virginia to Tx . We drove through rain and snow and had NO problems with this . We loved the extra room it gave us and the convenience .
 Vary nice but metals frame is to big , the tubes are to long so that you ca n't use the spring stops must slide the tube all the way in .
 We have a family of 6 and a minivan , so when we went camping this summer we needed more room to take our gear . I purchased this product and by far this is worth every penny . I have used roof top carriers in the past , but never again . This pack hangs off the rear of the vehicle and does not create any drag . You will not notice it there . I cut a piece of plywood to lay at the bottom of the bag for more support and loaded it with gear . We travelled 11 hours each way with no problems.Also , when the trip is over , just fold it up and put it away for the next use . No problems with storage like with those big hard shell roof top carriers.This is a 5 star product .
 This thing ROCKS ! I got it for a 500 mile trip to the beach , and going to the beach with kids means hauling a lot of stuff ... . I mean A LOT of stuff . In the past I have loaded up my Ford Flex to the point where I could not see out the back window . . not good . This thing worked awesome.I was not too interested in a roof system . I 've seen those things bouncing around on top of cars , vans , etc. . Everyone that I talked to that has one says it kills their gas mileage.I took the advice from other reviewers and got a 1/8 '' piece of Birch from Lowe 's , cut it down sanded the corners into nice round edges to aid in ease of install and prevent damage to the bag , and put it into the bottom inside pouch for rigidity ... . PERFECT!One thing that made my installation a bit difficult is that I do not have a roof rack on my vehicle . Instead I ran the straps up the back , under the liftgate hinges and back out . Worked out fine.Visibility . I only gave up about 2 '' of visibility out of my back window , No problem.I do not have a hitch on my vehicle . So I did not have anything to attach lower straps to . Instead I used to the inclosed strap that goes across the front of the unit and wraps around the liftgate . It is PLENTY long . I would make a recommendation to the manufacture to make a channel on the back of the Saddlebag for this long strap to go through -LRB- like a belt-loop -RRB- . This would have made attachment a bit easier and if you were hauling something that you ca n't crush , it would avoid it all together.Overall a fantastic product . It still has another trip to the beach this year as well a fishing trip to Canada to survive !
 This worked wonderfully on our trip ! It held 2 suitcases , 1 lg air mattress and 2 blankets . We went through snow and rain on the way to our destination and everything stayed dry . It took about 30-45 minutes to put it on the first time , but only 10 min or so the second time . We defintely plan to use this time and time again ! It 's a great alternative to the roof storage - and saves you the heavy lifting !
 We just returned from an 1,800 mile round trip to Tampa . 6 adults in a Chrysler Pacifica SUV.I opted to try this instead of a rooftop carrier because I have no rack . I was afraid of how I might attach it without a rail , but looped the straps under each corner of the rear hatch and then crossed them over the back window . The gas lift arms technically would have caught it had it slipped off the corners , but that never came close to happening . With 6 adults -LRB- 3 college age , 2 girls -RRB- we had about 7 duffle bags in the thing . I did n't weigh them , but I suspect/know we pushed or exceeded the 100 pound weight recommendation.And the thing worked great ! I appreciate the strength of the snaps on the two main straps . Never felt loose or in danger of giving way . We drove through Florida summer down pours much of the way but the inside was dry -LRB- though granted it was being protected by the moving vehicle much of the way -RRB- . At a hotel stop we easily set the loaded bag down on a luggage cart , rolled it up to the rooms and conveniently unloaded in the rooms . Once we learned to mount it , it was n't hard BUT we had two guys lifting it up , others guiding the straps and keeping them in place , and I found resting it on my knees as we did that made it go smoother . I 'm not sure how you 'd manage it if you did n't have the muscle or help nearby . Note that we preloaded the bag before lifting and attaching it . I imagine I could mount it empty and then load , but did n't do that this trip.I also did n't find a need for the straps underneath . It never moved once loaded , so I 'm not sure what they would add to the stability when using it well loaded . I too took a picture of my license plate , printed it and inserted that in the plastic slot . I did n't want to risk losing my plate or needing to remount it later.So if you 're still reading , a great product , worked even when mounted a little creatively , and had no issues whatever with it . A great value for the price . I suspect the saved gas from drag , and not having to hear teens complain about a rooftop bag and straps vibrating made this a great investment financially and for our mental health .
 Everytime I use this wonderful device , my car gets lots of admiring glances ! Without fail , people at campgrounds ask me where I purchased it.I am too short to use the roof rack of my minivan so I bought this to take my Girl Scout troop camping and thank goodness I did ! I was able to fit my entire troop inside the minivan while the car back pack carried our sleeping bags and pillows . The luggage , cooler and heavy gear went inside the minivan . I would not put heavy suitcases in this for the sake of your car hatch door.If it looks like rain , I put the items in plastic bags before putting them in the car back pack . The fabric may be water resistant , but the inside did get damp once in a downpour . Some water came in through the zipper area which may not have been completely closed . The scouts love to help pack -LRB- and repack -RRB- but do n't always pay attention to details like zipping things shut all the way.What I like most about this carrier is that you can easily get to anything you have packed in it . Roof rack carriers have to be hauled down if you need something out of it at the last minute . If the load is not too heavy -LRB- i.e. pillows & sleeping bags -RRB- , I have opened the hatch door to get things out of the trunk . You are NOT supposed to do this , but I have someone help hold up the door . I have the older version which does not have the license plate holder or hatch door strap . I think these are VERY useful additions as I have to tie my license plate onto the bag each time I use it.I have used mine for multiple trips and never had a problem . I happily recommend this to anyone . You will have the coolest minivan around .
 I finally got to use this when my packing was too much for the car this time . I highly recommend this for anyone needing the extra space inside . It 's easy enough for one person to work with if you have what you need.You will see more `` improvement '' notes , but that 's only because I can always think of things to make stuff much better -LRB- especially for me -RRB- . I hope this helps anyone looking to buy this . I 'm glad I did . I have more trips and uses now in mind with it.Feel free to comment with any questions . I like to be helpful.GOOD : - LOTS of space-easy enough to load up-saves loading the top with a bunch of smaller items leaving that for larger stuff if needed -LRB- as in my case this trip -RRB- - feels very strong ; also has a very sturdy zipper even if plastic-interior access pocket to put license plate -LRB- or a color copy in my case -RRB- - I describe below how I secured it to prevent movement . I had no problems with it moving on my bumpy trip . I only heard the wind whipping the back top straps against the glass window . I 'm thinking of ways to secure -LRB- clip -RRB- that in the future . It 's not hard.-On my car -LRB- Chevy Equinox -RRB- , I had FULL VIEW out the back window and the license plate in the right spot after setting it on the bumper edge . I think this helps with the weight a little also.NEEDS IMPROVEMENT -LRB- not necessarily bad -RRB- : - a little cumbersome just because it 's a lot of material with no firm shape -LRB- not like the picture or video looks in that regard -RRB- - it only holds the shape of the items you store ! The plastic in the bottom does not stay flat . I am considering either just a flat board at the bottom or doing a lightweight PVC frame -LRB- with board -RRB- for the inside as I 've read from others -RRB- - I had no problem with the quick release buckles at top , but I am a little concerned about them as plastic holding all weight . It tempts me to add for straps with metal cambuckles or something similar if I go the full 100 lbs or close to it as a load . My load was pretty heavy on this trip.-Some small , outside pockets for the top straps could be added for storing them when not in use or during install or removal of the pack . They are sewn onto the pack so they can not be fully removed . They are long and cumbersome , otherwise . I fear stepping on a plastic clip style buckle when on the ground and breaking it . I stepped on it a number of times and thankfully did n't break a piece . THEN IT WOULD BE A USELESS WASTE as is without that buckle . I may add some small side pockets for this . Maybe they should switch those to metal still.-The zipper is well-hidden under a double material fold . I am going to try to add some grommets at the corners of that in order to hook bungee cords to secure the top material when it is not completely filled . It 's very loose otherwise . I do not know how this might be affected at high speeds even on the rear . I 'd feel better if it was more secure . I think I improvised for a first trip well with this part . My concern is that is so well made the material may be too thick to add the grommets . I could just try sewing on some strapping loops also . - UPDATE - grommets worked fine - same as those used on tent and canvas material . Allowed me to `` wrap down '' a looser top on the return trip and have no sag for rain to sit on top.-The entire bag can be released and carried somewhat easily -LRB- it is 40 '' across and depends on the load -RRB- by two people . -LRB- see comments below if using the bottom straps -RRB- - I think the side straps should be sewn to the front more the the middle on the side in my opinion . It seems like unnecessary stress on the threads over time with greater weight , but it does allow for some loading to be easier to the front if already attached to the vehicle.-I 'm trying to find the least expensive ways to make some of these improvements -LRB- especially the bottom or a frame and the buckles -RRB- . Thankfully , I hit a really good price here on Amazon on the item.TRICKS -LRB- or , BE AWARE -RRB- -LRB- especially if one person -RRB- : - the zipper is easier to move if you flip the zipper cover upward while doing so-to make sure the license plate copy did n't bend , I put a strong , solid cardboard cut from a notebook binder being thrown away-I set the back edge on the bumper , but as one person loading -LRB- especially having already put some stuff in -RRB- I needed a base with a reasonable height -LRB- side table , chair , etc. . -RRB- to set the front part on so I could then secure each strap at top . The straps are attached to the pack so they have to be threaded to the roof rack individually not allowing one person to hold the pack -LRB- if loaded -RRB- while doing so-Definitely get the straps at the desired length before first use . HOWEVER , after having weight in it the first time you feel you need to tighten up the upper straps more , you will have to let the load settle onto something -LRB- like a loading table or chair that I used as one person -RRB- to do so ; even 20 pounds would be difficult to work with to tighten the straps . Despite my prepping , I had to adjust mine about 1 to 2 '' after weight was actually in the bag . ALSO , if the side shape changes in or out depending on how it 's packed -LRB- or not framed -RRB- , you may have to slightly adjust them anyhow.-It did n't rain on my trip , but the temperature changes definitely created moisture in the bag . Consider this when packing . Some people suggest bags . I am also going to try some waterproof spray -LRB- like used on tents -RRB- as an inexpensive precaution.-I like one suggestion below of using plastic containers which also help maintain shape.-I did not use the wrap around straps as I did n't know if it would damage my SUV hatch seal . Also , I feel better about the bottom straps preventing bouncing if the bag is n't framed.-The bottom straps are plastic buckles that you thread to tighten . After that I had to do an easy knot below the buckle with remaining material because it would slip easily . These should be easy release cambuckles and not plastic to allow for ease of tightening and simple release . It 's more difficult to undo the securing straps below than it is the top making for an interesting time of it . I had such straps for the top of my car and am getting some shorter ones for this bag to make it easier to release and then carry the entire bag if needed.Think of how easily this could be carried into a large tent on a camping trip and unloaded or even into a garage!I hope this helps anyone looking to buy this . I 'm glad I did . I have more trips and uses now in mind with it.Feel free to comment with any questions . I like to be helpful .
 We tried theRightline Gear 100C70 PackRight Classic Car Top Carrier , which did n't work out for us . Loading a bag when it 's on the roof of a minivan is not easy . This PackRight Cargo Saddlebag was much better . It 's very roomy , and I can load it while standing on the ground.My car is a Honda Odyssey . It has a spoiler where the brake light is above the door . I think a very heavy load will mar it -LRB- the bag 's straps run over it -RRB- , so I have to be careful about that . We just packed blankets , jackets and other soft supplies . I 've heard about needing to reinforce the bottom so it does n't sag , but when we fully load it will all our soft stuff , it does n't sag at all.The new photo shows a place for the license plate , but the one I got does not have a place for the license plate . I tried duct taping a copy to the back of the bag , but it came off . I did n't want to obstruct the rear window more than it was already obstructed . We just hoped we would n't be pulled over.Improvements I wish for in my model is a place to put a copy of the license plate and more padding for the straps to protect the car 's finish . It comes with two pads , but the straps make contact with the car in six areas . I try to overlap the straps , but more padding would be much nicer.We had a lot of people asking where we got this bag . I admit , it 's a great buy .
 The packright is a great inexpensive alternative to car top cargo carriers . I cut out a thin , but strong piece of ply wood to give the bag a good base to help it retain its shape and padded the sides and corners of the ply wood with some old rags and duct tape so it would n't eventually cut through the bag . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because I had to do this little bit of work . Packing is a bit of an art as you have to get everything you need packed in the car first , as once the bag is on you wo n't be able to get to it without removing the bag . When putting the bag on it helps to have two people , but I was able to do it solo . I loaded the bag first and then hoisted it up with the straps like a pulley . Having made a base for the bag also helped it to rest on the back bumper . The bag worked great and I did n't have to shell out hundreds of dollars for a car top carrier that would have killed my gas mileage . Love me some Amazon !
 June 2011I got my Packright Saddlebag , in a timely fashion . It 's really a big back pack for your automobile!I had a board cut to make the bottom more stable , which several people did from reviews I read.I was pleased that there is a slot for my License Plate , as it gets obscured with the back pack.It holds a lot , but you have to watch the weight , and keeps things dry . This was proved as we went through several rain storms on the way to FL.It is also VERY easy to put on . I am a woman with no husband to do this . I secured the bottom with 2 bungee cords and it was very secure.This is something I will use a lot.Thanks , D MILO , Midlothian , VA
 I am very happy with this product other than one of the buttons on the lock bars was broken . Very weather proof.Only real issue is the bag holding its shape . A frame on the inside would be 5 stars from me .
 more than 2800 miles , through all kinds of weather - getting the dog in and out of the back of our 08 ' chevy trailblazer was easy , all three kids had plenty of room , this was the perfect solution for a cross country trip !! we actually didnt use the license plate holder - we had it hiked up a bit higher so our plates were still visible , and we put the bag in the vehicle when we would stop for the night . the license plate holder is a great feature , the plate would be secure and visible with no concern if you did need to use it.i had two or three extra large space bags , two 32 '' duffel bags , a carry on size duffel , and other odds and ends packed in this `` car backpack '' as my 7 year old named it , and we still had room in there tho i am not sure how much weight we shoved in there , it is tough and was probably carrying well over it 's weight limit .
 We bought the PackRight Cargo Saddlebag for a trip to Virginia . We really enjoyed it . We have a GMC Acadia that has a farily small cargo hold in the back . We could probably have squeezed everything in there , but knew we would accumulate stuff on the trip . We did n't want a top cargo case as the gas mileage on the Acadia is horrible to begin with . So we opted for this cargo bag that goes on the back . We were able to fit two large suitcases , one small suitcase , and one dufflebag in it . It worked great throughout the trip and kept our stuff dry during a fairly intense rain storm . I was worried it would hinder my view , but it did n't . One draw back which would have been the same with a top of the car case is that for those on the shorter side of life -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 5 '' -RRB- its hard to load without some kind of step stool . I just took with us one of the kids old bathroom step stools and then I didnt have any problems . One other problem we had with it was that our Acadia does n't have the horizontal bar on our luggage rack . We were able to get it attached , but it was more difficult attaching it to the vertical bars -LRB- the Acadia 's luggage rack is set where we had to extend the straps to their limits to make it work ... but it did work . Other reviewers had mentioned putting a board in the bottome to give it some structure . We did this , but we did n't find it necessary as once the first luggage is in there everything goes in nicely . But it may be helpful for some . Like some other reviewers mentioned we got quite a bit of feedback on our trip about it as lots of people really liked it . I think Rightline may owe us some commissions :-RRB- All and all I view this product favorably and will be very helpful during future trips .
 Works wellIt well hold a lot of stuff and keep it dry . We hit hard rain for over hour going to the beach all was dry . The only problem is it does not hold that box shape it is soft sided .
 This gets a lot of looks while driving . The improved drag helps with gas . Easy to install once you have the straps set up for your vehicle . Hold a lot . Easy to load and unload . I wish thy had better cushions for the straps that rest on vehicle . I use a towel and wrap around straps that rest on the car to prevent any scratching . I think it will be fine with the cushions that come with it .
 This was easy to load , unload , and install . So much easier than a top carrier ! I would highly recommend this product .
 The item arrived on time in perfect condition . Securing it was a little tricky at first , but eventually it worked out fine .
 This is a great product . Well constructed and well designed . I just drove from Prescott , Arizona to Lincoln , Nebraska through rain and snow and very high winds and I had ZERO problems . The bag stayed steady and did n't weigh down the car or cause any problems . I got a table and six chairs from my sister in law and could only fit the table and four chairs in the Subaru Forester . The remaining chairs - and they 're tall - fit into the saddle bag . I 'm still amazed that they fit . I drove on the interstate and some back roads at speeds up to 75 mph -LRB- and higher -RRB- . Not one single problem and the bag never moved . This is one product that has far exceeded my expectations . It simply works exactly as advertised . If you are looking for a way to haul things on the exterior of your car I would recommend this product . I am 100 % pleased .
 I like the concept of the product . Served its purpose well . Installation , you have to patient . Took a while to figure it out and make a bunch of adjustments . Once it was fitted , good to fit not so heavy weight , bulky items for a 2010 Dodge Journey . Used it during a trip across northern Wisconsin and the UP of Michigan during the winter . Not water resistant at all.Enclosed items that you do not want to get wet into tubs or plastic . The tubs help give the bag support to stay up right . I placed pipe insulation foam padding between the bag and the vehicle so it would not ruin the paint on the vehicle.This summer treated the bag with a waterproofing sealant . I hope that will help with the water issue .
 Rightline Gear 100B90 PackRight Cargo SaddlebagOur carryall was fairly easy to install and fill . Because it was on the back of the car , the carryall did not affect our gas usage . The carryall served the purpose for which it was purchased . It also served another unplanned use . We were camping at a campground near Fresno , CA where there was a huge ground squirrel population as well as raccoons . We put all of our food in the carryall and left it zipped up between meals and over night . Our food remained safe from the critters . The campsite next to us was `` raided '' by the critters during the night and all of their food that was not in coolers was spread all over the campsite by morning . The carryall was large enough to carry three tents , 3 air mattresses , sleeping bags , pillows , and blankets . As many of the other reviewers have stated , a piece of plywood in the base of the carryall would have made it more sturdy ; we did not have that base and will add it before we use it again . The entire case folds up and fits inside a case that looks like e case for a camp chair . Stores in a small space . I would buy this again .
 I bought this product to move my daughter to college . With two people , we had no problem attaching it to the back of my Mazda CX-9 . We drove my daughter from Minnesota to Indiana in the POURING , NON-STOP rain . There were 3 adults and 1 child in a car seat in the car . We had boxes and a small refrigerator in the back of the car and used the carrier mainly for clothes.The inside of the bag got wet , but it was understandable . Thanks to other reviews , we packed everything in garbage bags , and nothing in the bags got wet . For the price and convenience , this is a great product . I researched a lot of other options and decided to get this after trying to purchase a Thule hardtop carrier at Sears , but I could n't get anyone to wait on me . At the time I was irritated , but now I 'm glad because I found this product .
 The Packrite was rock-solid and stuffed with
 This product worked as well as they say it would . I like it better than pulling a trailer as it made no noticeable difference in driving . It secured very well to my SUV , however , the instructions could have been a little better . Two things I would change are adding the plastic insert for the license plate -LRB- as the picture shows -RRB- and a stronger bottom . The plastic in the bottom of the cargo pack was n't enough to keep it from sagging.Overall , this is a great product and I would highly recommend it .
 We took a family vacation in our SUV with 7 passengers and did not have any room to spare for luggage . I started reading reviews all over the internet for cargo carriers . I came across this backpack carrier and was alittle hesitant . All the overhead reviews that I read , the customers were concerned over 2 main points . First was the effect they would have on their gas mileage and second water entering their carriers during rain storms . Well we drove from Texas to New York , then to Florida and back to Texas , over 4300 miles and plenty of rain in between . We were able to load ALL of our luggage in to this carrier , got great gas mileage and most of all it never got a drop of water in the carrier at all . Another great ppoint is that with the overhead carriers , it is really hard to access you stuff during a trip , with this carrier it was a snap . I was totally 100 % satisfied with this product and would recommend it to anyone that travels .
 As we were looking for a car top carrier we came across this car back carrier and thought it would be ideal for a trip with our grand kids since we needed the back of our car open for our dog . It worked perfectly on our trip and we plan to use it in a few months to take our grand kids to Yellowstone ! We also noticed several people behind us on the road writing down the name of the carrier ! The only two items that I think could be improved are 1 . The carrier needs a more rigid bottom . We had to put a piece of plywood in the bottom of the carrier and 2 . Since it covers up license plate it should have a way of attaching the plate securely to the carrier . We took our plate off the car and taped it in our back window but since our windows are tinted it was hard to see it .
 I evaluated 100 + cargo storage devices . I rolled the dice and went with this unconventional solution . Though the PackRight is rated for 100 pounds , the volume capacity is perfect for sleeping bags , pillows , blankets , etc. . Installation only takes minutes and requires only 1 person . My first install was 20-30 minutes . My second install was only 5-10 minutes since my straps were already set for my vehicle . For our next trip , I will try to find a way to bolster the bottom of the bag . It was supportive but did tend to sag . *** Now for a word of warning . I was pulled over by a Colorado State Trooper and given a warning . He could not see my license plate and my home state does not require a front vehicle plate . In the future , I will move my plate to the front of the vehicle and put a dummy paper copy on the PackRight .
 This guide will give you everything you need to know about the Pack-Right Carrier or Cargo Saddlebag -LRB- sometimes called a car back carrier -RRB- . Basically , this is a large canvas carrier that fits on the BACK of your car instead of on top of the luggage rack ! I personally love my carrier , and it is definitely the best carrier I have ever used . However , I realize that everyone will have different experiences . I hope to help you decide if the Cargo Saddlebag is right for you and your vehicle . Please vote for this guide if you have found it helpful , and please let me know if there is anything I can do to make it more helpful . --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ADVANTAGES -LRB- PROS -RRB- : This carrier is comparable in price to other good-quality soft -LRB- canvas -RRB- top carriers , and MUCH cheaper than any hard-top carrier . While hard-top carriers will easily run you $ 400 or even more , I bought my PackRight carrier brand new for $ 149 with free 2-day shipping . However , I had to look around a bit outside of ebay to find the best price and free shipping - do a search online or message me for more information on where to look.The saddlebag will hold lots of stuff since it has 14 cubic feet of space - this is comparable to a mid-sized car trunk.The saddlebag is made of heavy-duty canvas fabric with a very heavy-duty , water-proof liner inside . I sprayed my carrier with a powerful hose and not a single drop got in ! In the past , I purchased several different brands of soft car-top carriers -LRB- spending anywhere from $ 40 to over $ 100 -RRB- and they all had a cheap and cracked liner inside a lighter-weight fabric.The PackRight Cargo Saddlebag is easy to fill , unload , and carry . Because the cargo saddlebag is on the back of your vehicle , it is much lower and easier to reach than a car-top carrier . You can either fill it before putting it on your car , or fill it after you have attached it . It has two handles on the sides for carrying and to help you put it on your vehicle . While I always had to have help putting on or filling my car-top carriers , I can attach my fully packed saddlebag to my van with no help.You will probably be the only one around with this type of carrier . I drive across South Carolina at least once each year to go to the beach - each time , I see literally thousands of vehicles along the way with car-top carriers , pulling trailers , or even with stuff just strapped to the top of the car . Of all these thousands and thousands of vehicles , I have seen only one other car with a rear cargo saddlebag.BETTER GAS MILEAGE !! Car-top carriers KILL your gas mileage because they cause aerodynamic drag - since the Cargo Saddlebag is behind your vehicle , it has little effect on your gas mileage.DISADVANTAGES -LRB- CONS -RRB- : The carrier does not have locks , so anyone could unzip it -LRB- unless you use a small luggage lock to connect the zippers together -RRB- ; it also is canvas , so someone could cut it open instead.It is very hard to find in a brick-and-mortar store , at least where I live . I have never seen it or even been able to order it in any store - I had to go online , but probably saved a ton of money by doing so.The carrier completely covers the area where most license plates are . You will have to move your license plate to a visible location.Set-up of the carrier will take a while the first time to allow for adjusting the straps , deciding where to put straps , and adjusting your luggage rack on your vehicle . However , after you do this the first time , it will be much easier since the straps will already be the correct length.The carrier has about 50 feet of straps on it that make it harder to fold up and store and harder to carry around without help . It often seems like a giant octopus with all those straps going everywhere.The `` bottom '' of the carrier is a very flimsy and cheap plastic piece that will not even lie flat . You will need to make a better bottom for your carrier before using it . I will give you all the details for this later so you can have everything ready before you need to use your carrier.You can not open the back hatch or door of your vehicle until you remove the saddlebag . This means that you may not be able to access what is in the back of your vehicle , or that you can not use the back as an emergency exit.Your vehicle will be about two feet longer in the back - you must be more careful when parking and especially backing up . ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- While this carrier does have its disadvantages , I found it to be much easier to use and better quality than the other car-top carriers that I have used in the past . As with anything else , you should think about the advantages and disadvantages , do some research , and really think about what you need . If you do decide to go with this product , then I have some tips below for using it.SET-UP AND PACKING YOUR CARGO SADDLEBAG : Before you use your saddlebag , you need to make a sturdier bottom piece . Open up your saddlebag and take out the plastic insert at the bottom . Use it as a guide to cut a similar sized piece of plywood . Be sure to sand off the edges and corners of the plywood . Insert the plywood back into the bottom pocket where the plastic piece was.Take the thick straps attached to the carrier and run them through your vehicle 's luggage rack . Adjust the straps so the carrier is sitting on your back bumper -LRB- you will need to make final adjustments later -RRB- . Take the long thick strap and run it through the bottom of the bag and attach it to another part of the luggage rack . This will provide extra support and stability . I do NOT recommend that you wrap the strap sideways around the bag and your back door or hatch -LRB- as some websites recommend -RRB- , as this is much more difficult to accomplish and provides no extra stability.Take the thin straps and attach them to the bottom of the bag . You may be able to attach these to a trailer hitch or other part of the back of your vehicle . However , my Town and Country van did not have anything , but I used two adjustable bungee cords with hooks and strapped them to a part of the undercarriage . Some websites advise you to drill holes into your bumper or spend $ 50 on extra parts - that is ridiculous ! My bungee cords cost $ 3.97 each , and my carrier never once moved . I recommend that you criss-cross the straps by attaching the left strap to the right of your vehicle , and vice versa - this will provide more stability.Fill the bag with soft luggage only - soft bags , towels , clothes , etc. . Do not pack coolers , hard luggage , or anything that could cut or pierce the carrier . Remember that the maximum weight is the lesser of either 100 pounds or what your luggage rack can handle , and figure in the weight of the bag and plywood.Adjust the straps so they are just right and go for a test-drive . Your carrier should not slip off the bumper at any time or move from side to side . If it moves at all while you are driving , then you need to adjust it.Now that your straps are adjusted you can either fill and unload the carrier while it is attached or not . I tried it both ways and found it equally easy to do . However , if you can not lift the carrier by yourself , or do not have anyone to help you , then you should attach it first and then load it .
 We used this recently for a 2,300 mile trip in our Toyota Sienna and it worked very well . We were taking extra people in our van and just could n't fit everyone 's luggage . The construction seemed very sturdy . Between the over-top straps and the belt passed around the rear door , it felt to me that the bag was very well secured . The saddlebag was rock solid and did just what we needed . We only had a little rain to judge by , but it kept things dry through that.Our Sienna has a horizontal rear light array , which means the saddlebag covers the reverse lights , leaving the brake and turn lights visible . I called Rightline about this and they believed that was highway-legal . After reading around a bit -LRB- caveat
 Just finished using the Packright Cargo Saddlebag for a second time on a 3500 mile roundtrip vacation -LRB- drove to Glacier National Park -RRB- . Very happy with the purchase . I did as many other reviewers suggested and purchased a piece of particle board cut to fit the bottom of it to help with the stability when packing it . I rated it 4-stars because of this . The description says it includes something to help with this but nothing is included . I did get one that has the new license plate window which was nice - we took a picture of our license and put it there - so we did n't have to worry about reattaching the license plate when the packright was not on the van . On the nights we stayed in hotels , we simply unclipped the packright and stored it in our van overnight . Sounds easier than it is - the pack becomes heavy and awkward when packed but it 's not undoable . Thought this was a nice alternative to the packs that attach to the top of the cars/vans - we had to stop a few times to get some items stored in the pack and it was easy to access .
 I 'm happy to report that the PackRight Cargo Saddlebag was a great purchase . We just logged 1000 miles on our last trip and the saddlebag performed perfectly . I packed it with nearly 90 pounds of cargo and it hanndled it well.List of Positives :1 . The sleeve for the license plate worked perfectly .2 . Filled it with nearly 90 pounds of luggage and handled it well and showed no signs of stress or tearing .3 . Because it was attached at the back of our SUV I noticed nothing different in how our vehicle drove . No differnece in terms of noise or wind resistance .4 . I hardly noticed any difference in miles per gallon average .5 . Performed perfectly while driving in the rain .6 . I was able to roll a luggage cart under it and dropped it onto the cart . I took it straigt up the elevator where I unloaded it at the door to the room .7 . No strain on my back not having to load baggage onto the top of our vehicle .8 . Once we got to our destination I did n't have to worry about storing it . I folded it up and placed it in the bag it came with and put in a closet.Here is my list of negatives :1 . The bag definately needs a flat hard surface on the bottom . I ended up cutting a piece of plywood -LRB- rounded edges a must -RRB- that I inserted into the bottom of the bag for support . I also duct taped all the edges of the plywood , limiting the chances of cutting into the fabric .2 . The bag came with no info sheet . Here 's a few things that would have come in handy to know : - It was n't until on our return trip that I realized that it was easier to load the heaviest and biggest piece of luggage first , then attach the bag to thecar , then load the rest of the luggage into it . Having the first suitcase loaded made it easier to level the bag as I attached it . Having to lift a largesuitcase and trying to adjust it with the bag attached to the vehicle was very difficult to do . - I also realized that the bottom straps should n't be attached to the vehicle until the bag is fully packed . - Once all luggage was loaded , I filled all the empty areas with beach towels and a blanket . Doing this made the bag keep is square shape which comes in handywhen it rains . When completely filled the overlapping material that covers the zipper stays in place and keeps the zipper from being exposed . We drove inthe rain and the bag kept all items dry . Also , the bag looks better when full . - Once you have attached and adjusted the length of your straps , you will have a few feat of excess straps left so make sure you tie them around the straps thatare holding the bag in place . If left loose , the excess straps will slap your vehicle hard and loud as you drive.Again , this is a great product and I would buy it again if needed . I highly recommend it .
 We used the bag to go from Indiana to Myrtle Beach and during the trip we ran into a flash flooding in the mountains . It was great to have the bag on the back of the car to reduce drag however when we got to the hotel to unload we found that the bag had collected a significant amount of water in the bottom with all of our belongings . Not a big deal since a placed most of our stuff that was water resistant -LRB- plastic or anything not cloth -RRB- on the bottom but it was still a let down . The only place where water could have entered the bag would have been where the two zippers meet . I will have to try and duct tape this point to see if we can keep all water out . I took off one star because of it not being foolproof waterproof -LRB- small gripe -RRB- . FYI for those that do not use it with a minivan , we have a Honda CRV and the bag fit fine . It was n't ideal with the spare tire in the way but the bag fit fine and we had no troubles making it work .
 Product worked great on a Toyota Sienna on trip from VA to FL . Did not use the bottom tie down straps but bought bungy cords instead as the straps were too short for the Sienna . Sienna has some holes in the undercarriage that we could attach the bungy cords too . Also put some plywood on the bottom of the carrier for some additional support . No issues during the drive . Good alternative considering price of overhead storage carriers and the resulting air drag that results.Delivery was very speedy and exceeded my expectations .
 Great product , did put a piece of cardboard in the bottom for support but overall the bag was perfect ! Did n't shift on the back of the car , held an incredible ammount of college stuff and was within my reach ! Would reccomend it to anyone needing extra cargo space . Was way easier to use than a rooftop device and had no shifting of gear !
 These are really great oem replacement arms . The quality is top notch . The ball joints come pre-greased fits perfectly on my 98 2.5 ranger .
 the ball joints were bad and this was the lowest price i could find on the internet . fit just like the original and the truck rides great .
 I bought this to replace worn unit on my 2003 Mazda B2300 . You-tube has an excellent tutorial if you want to try this job on your own . No problems replacing old unit and this has a stronger construction and a grease fitting which could make the part last longer than the truck . Quick shipping and great service from Amazon in replacing the wrong part on one of the upper arms .
 I bought this horn pair to replace ones that had rusted out on my car . The box came with two horns and a relay . Installation was fairly easy . I did n't use the relay since it was n't necessary in my case . Each horn uses 6A , so 12A total and my wiring/fuse was capable of 15A . There were instructions printed on the top of the box in the form of electrical schematics , which provided adequate information for wiring the relay if required.These horns have separate connectors for positive and ground -LRB- whereas most stock horns use the bracket as the connection to ground -RRB- . I had to make a small pigtail with a female quick-disconnect connector and a ring terminal that I connected to the mounting bolt . The positive terminal easily connected with the stock wiring , and will do so on most cars.The twin-tones make for a classic horn sound like the ones on larger cars from the 70s as opposed to the tinny sound of compacts from the 80s and 90s . They 're loud enough , a little louder than the stock horn . I understand that Hella makes Supertone horns too , which are supposed to be louder , but sell for over twice the price . My advice is that if you want this type of horn sound but louder , just buy 2 sets of these . They 'll be louder and cheaper than the supertones.The horns have a solid feel to them , and the plastic trumpets will resist corrosion . The brackets look zinc-coated as well . It would have been nice to be given an option pigtail to ground the bracket , but I easily made one for a few cents . Overall , for the price , these horns ca n't be beat .
 Sound is just like original equipment on German cars , very easy to install on a BMW as the connector is the same . however i also had a set installed in a VW Golf MK1V the connector had to be modified . If your car is German you should not need to install the included relay as your car is already outfitted with one , If your goal is to give pedestrians a heart attack with the horn blast then you need to select higher decibel .
 The HELLA 007424801 Twin Trumpet High/Low Tone 12V Horn Kit with Bracket is feels really solid and well constructed . It sounds very loud and has dual tone . Totally recomended . Thank You ...
 I needed to add a street kit to my Polaris ATV 's so I bought 2 pairs of these to get us going . True , these do not come with instructions but I simply looked up a wiring scheme for a car and a auto-parts run later I was installing the horns . I wired up from scratch and installed a relay and horn switch and the whole thing ended up looking like a stock install . the horn color matched my quad color as well . When I honk these mothers MAN are they loud ! If I 'm ever on the street and use these I 'm definitely gon na get some respect.The two-tone notes end up sounding like a regular car horn and the plastic will resist the mud being slung around by the tires.Great product.Big Red
 Duplicates OEM product except for color of horn projectory . Far superior to Italian mfgrd air horns that I used when one of my original LUCAS horns died in my 1966 classic sports car .
 These are very compact load horns . My set came complete with mounting brackets and a 30 amp relay with wiring instructions printed on the box .
 Had these same horns on my 1976 '02 BMW and loved them so much , that I had to put two of them on my K2500 4x4 Diesel Suburban . They definitely get traffic 's attention . DK
 This is a good horn , much better that the stock horn . It failed and I ordered this as a replacement . Just be warned that this is not a ome horn . You will need to wire it yourself . If you are up for that this is a good choice . If you want a plug and play then you will need to spend a little more and get the one that fits your car truck . . This was was the cheapest one on amazon at the time that I ordered . So I was not suprized when the box came riped and smashed up . No paperwork or install papers . But for the price I was ok with that .
 I had my mechanic install these and they worked great . The Prius wiring seemed to be able to supply enough power to make them honk so the relay was not used . Not super loud , but certainly an improvement over the stock buzzer style horns which gives the car an imposing sound when being threatened by errant lane changers . For the price , I highly recommend . These would also work great on a motorcycle or scooter .
 My poor Ford Ranger has had the world 's wimpiest horn since I bought it . These dual tone Hellas were just what I was looking for . An incredible upgrade and I feel like a man again ! Very easy to install and wire up - do n't understand the wiring criticism others have b * tched about .
 I put these in my AWD converted Turbo Dodge Colt , and they were just what I expected , and have been working flawlessly since I installed them a year ago or so.The description is a little confusing since they are actually 1g DSM AWD rear control arm bushings , but I came to the site armed with a part number , so I got what I was looking for at a great price .
 Well worth the money . Still less expensive then buying anywhere near where I live . Twice as sturdy as the OEM ball joint.If I could choose 6 stars I would .
 I use this on a 1986 Audi 4000 CS and it improved the performance of the car , less gasoline , little bit more power , highly recommended .
 I ORDERED THESE BULBS TO CHANGE MY ASHTRY LIGHT BULB TO RED JUST FOR THE FUN OF IT AND IT IS JUST ENOUGT LIGHT TO MAKE TO FIND THE ASH TRAY WITHOUT HAVING TO LOOK TO HARD FOR IT .
 It works and gets the job done , well priced an arrived quickly , I will definatly reccomend this filter to my friends
 good price , works great , noticed a difference in the performance immediately , and it increased my gas mileage by 12 % on the first tank full
 I own an '01 Toyota Tundra with the 4.7 L V8 . At 5k miles , I replaced the OEM air filter with a K&N ; 33-2144 . I also purchased the K&N ; Recharger cleaning kit at the same time.I 'm now at 142k miles and am cleaning my filter for the last time , as I 'm going to replace it with a new one . This air filter has served me well and has more than paid for itself . I think I originally paid a combined $ 65 back in 2001 for both the air filter and the recharger cleaning kit . The only reason I 'm replacing it , is that I used too much water pressure on one end of the filter and damaged it . These filters do have a Million Mile Warranty which K&N ; will gladly honor . I called them this morning and spoke with a very courteous employee . He did offer to take the filter back for inspection and possible replacement , but I declined , telling him that I had actually used too much water pressure when cleaning it . The cleaning instructions do specifically tell you NOT to use excessive water pressure , as it could result in damage to filter and void the warranty . That 's okay , as I appreciated the time the employee spent on the phone and his great customer service . I 'll gladly pay $ 42 for a new one which I know will last another 100 , 000 mi . at the very least . I 'm 63 , so the new filter may outlast me ! I 'm very happy with this product and my Tundra has in turn provided me with 142,000 trouble free miles . I highly recommend this air filter and recharging kit . A great investment that is actually cheaper than buying paper filters every x number of miles in the long run .
 K&N makes a great product after changing out the factory filter I am getting about 1 to 1.5 MPG better with my truck now . Be sure to purchase the cleaning kit also
 Toyota mechanics will often tell you the filter will foul the MAP sensor because the company insists they do . If you put too much oil on the filter , it can foul it -LRB- there are ways to clean the sensor , but off hand I ca n't remember them -RRB- . After cleaning the KN filter after 20,000 or so miles , many people spray too much oil on it and that will foul the sensor . Follow KN 's re-oiling instrictions religiously . I have used a KN filter on an '06 4Runner for almost 40,000 miles without a problem and got a little better gas mileage . One Toyota mechanic admitted to me that they are supposed to tell people not to use them , but he 'd rather be honest .
 Tried one of these Air Filter in a 2005 Toyota Tundra . I noticed a quicker response on the Gas pedal . It was something I wanted to try for a long time . Glad I did .
 I 've been installing K&N filters in all my vehicles for years . I 've never done a detailed before-after comparison to be able to say conclusively that they give the vehicle more power or improved gas mileage . But I typically keep my vehicles for 150,000 miles or more , and have never had a single engine failure or K&N problem . It is indisputable that the K&N design delivers a lot more air to the car 's engine than a standard disposable air filter , you can check out the air filter facts and results of independent tests on the K&N web site . With automotive engines , air flow is key to performance . And a key word here is
 I have received perfectly and quick my k & n air filter part number 33-2144 for lexus gx470 but i am using it on a toyota prado 1kz diesel engine wich uses the same air filter than the lexus and works beautiful , improves the turbo response , the sound of the engine and you can feel the cruising speed more silently . the fuel consumption went from 27 km/g to 32km/g wich is a really great product ! i will also recomend it for toyota 4runner diesel 1kz 3.0 from years 2003 to 2005 it will work great !
 Since this filter came pre-oiled and ready for installation , latex gloves are recommended for its handling . Also it is recommended to take a few seconds and wipe off the oil around the filter 's rubber gasket with clean paper towel before installation.Took less than a minute to pull out the old filter and install the new K&N ; air filter in its place on my Toyota 4Runner . Initial drive of approximately 20 miles distance , upon the the installation of this new filter , my fuel economy improved by approximately 3 extra miles per gallon . Overall , a great product and perfect fit .
 I bought this because my truck needed a new air filter.At A zone they wanted 17 for a reg one.this one cost 32 here and it good for 100.000 miles .
 I have used this product in most of my cars ans trucks for 30 + years . I have not had a problem with any fit or model that was recommended for that vehicle.I always check Amazon prices and they are hard to beat !!
 i have a 2000 4.7 L v8 tundra i replaced the paper filter with this k & n and i never thought you would be able to tell the difference but yes better mpg and you can actually hear your engine sucking more air if you listen great product 100 % recommend this to anyone !
 K&N has always made good products , and this filter for my truck was no exception . Great price and great product .
 These shocks went on an 01 Toyota Tacoma Prerunner TRD and it 's a great match . The Monroe shock it replaced was not up to the task of damping those stiff springs and on my truck , were junk . This KYB is really great and centers the truck up quickly after maneuvering where the Monroe let it keep moving around like an old 70 's Lincoln town car!The only reason why it did n't get 5 stars ? Mine were just shipped in the rice paper boxes they come in , the two taped together . The boxes were torn up , one shock was dinged and one of the bags was missing parts . I had to use hardware from the Monroe I took off because I never got an answer from the seller about it.You know UPS or whoever is going to play football with your box . It needs to be wrapped up better .
 My truck was due for replacement , but I was looking at OEM and for those outrageous prices ... hell no ! So ... I got these instead , saved a bunch and noticed that bumps do n't send me flying in the air like they use to ! Trust me do n't read those dumb reviews ... at least for my Tacoma they worked just fine . Now if your going 4 wheeling then these might not be for you . I just load my motorcycle on my truck and help people move every now and again ; and they worked .
 I have had this filter installed for 4 years now , and it has more than paid for itself based on the fuel cost savings , as well as the cost of disposable air filters . I live in a desert environment , so I burned through disposable filters very quickly . I have also noticed a marked increase in my fuel economy . This is great , since I tend to push my engine very hard . I 'd recommend this filter to anyone looking to save some money over the long run . It also results in slightly better performance in most applications over the stock paper filters.Just do n't forget to pick up the K&N ; recharging kit . It is easy to clean an re-oil this filter overnight . You can usually expect to get five or six uses from the kit with this filter , if you use it properly . You might even be able to get up to ten.Overall , I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a new filter .
 Product was easy to install and I can already feel my car accelerating better and performing better . A + and 5 star rating .
 I have owned mine now for over 3 years . I could tell a difference in power as soon as I put it in . I put the K&N stickers on my airbox and love it that when I go to get oil changes I never have anyone ask me to buy a cheap overpriced disposable filter anymore . Better gas mileage too . In this time of $ 4 gas that 's great . The filter has n't even had to be cleaned yet . I will probably clean it tomorrow before I go on my trip . It 's easy to do . You can visit the K&N website for instructions if you 've lost yours like I did because I purchased it over 3 years ago ! I know it 's expensive for an air filter , but in the long run it will pay for itself .
 It 's good ! I feel a distinct increase in horsepower when depress the gas pedal ! On the other hand , the gas mileage is better because of the better air flow ! A very good investment for your vehicle !
 This mat fits perfectly . Definately use the velcro that comes with it to secure into place otherwise it will shift around when driving . The dash mat looks nice and keeps the heat from building up in the front window .
 We were very pleased with this unit . It performed great during a 700 mile trip out of state , never leaked and worked like a champ . The only thing I did n't like was the unit sat to far from the back of the vehicle so I pushed it forward in the receiver hitch and drilled another hole .
 This did what I need it to on a 2000 + trip through the mountains . It was solid but did often scrape on driveway entrances/exits . I agree with another reviewer who thought it sat back too far . Also , it does n't accomodate a hitch lock . Pretty odd ; I guess I do n't have that much faith in my fellow man . I ended up getting the thickest elongated padlock I could find and used it as my hitch lock . I had no problems . It 's a little awkward to fit in but still doable by one person . It 's a very good product
 Had to replace the mounts because the trans was replaced a few times and the mounts were old and then stretched when the engine was pitched to get hte trans in and out . no problems at all . truck runs smoother than ever
 Everything Was fine thanks , all the &iacute;tems arrived no tim&eacute; and complete , the &iacute;tem is beautiful ...
 This lens is a standard replacement lens for the Thor Enemy/Hero goggles . I bought it for my Heros . The yellow lens is great for forested areas where accurately perceiving terrain covered in a mixture of shadow/sunlight would normally be difficult .
 I got these on a pricing error i believe for less than 6 bucks a set , which were the last two in stock . -LRB- Either that or they were closeout -RRB- So far i have broke in the 1st set well and the pads are proving to be good quality . They bite harder with less pedal effort than Duralast pads and even the mechanic who threw them on for free while doing some suspension work for me remarked on how high quality the pads seemed.The fitment is just as good as OEM , which is a huge plus when you want things to fit right.I will note however they seem to be putting off more dust that is darker than i have heard from top of the line Ceramics . Make no mistake though , Satisfied brakes are high quality.As a note my rotors were replaced new with these at the same time using Brembo OE style rotors .
 These were used to replace the OEM brake pads on a Ford Taurus and the difference is awesome . Very good stopping power and a very good price . Very good fit which made for a nice installation . The addition of the grease for the calipers was a very nice compliment . The stopping power is not as significant as noticed with hawk pads on my Cavalier , but this is not an equal comparison either . Would definitely purchase again !
 After the other review , I was concerned that this would n't fit my Sienna . I went to Bosch 's website to double check the part numbers and their recommendations for fitment . Bosch 's website said that this was the one for a 2001 Toyota Sienna , so I ordered it . -LRB- This is the sensor that goes after the catalytic converter , by the way -RRB- . The flange was the correct size , the grommet fit into the floor ok -LRB- it could be slightly tighter -RRB- , the sensor works properly so my check engine light is out . My problem is solved .
 The condenser was an exact fit for my '99 Saab 9-5 . Nice looking , quality product . No problems whatsoever doing the install . Would recommend to other Saabers .
 Had to replace the mounts because the trans was replaced a few times and the mounts were old and then stretched when the engine was pitched to get hte trans in and out . no problems at all . truck runs smoother than ever
 Now I do n't have to prop the hatch with my head while unloading groceries.Note
 I was suprized with the ease of the installation . Once installed I had to get out ot the way of the hatch due to the lift capacity of these lifts . The old ones I had to assist the hatch then once opened I had to pump the hatch to get them to stay-up . I ordered one for each side and was surprized that they came in 2 seperate boxes !!! They fit well and were installed within 10 minutes . Seems to be perfect at this time , we 'll see how long they last . Thanks again , great shipping time as promised .
 worked perfect ! very happy with product -- worked just like it was supposed to work , no problems at all with the lift !
 Ordered quality part and it has performed great so far . If I ever have another overheating issue at leastI know that this replacement part is not the cause of it .
 This mount was pretty easy to install overall . Fortunately , the engine on my 2001 Cavalier has a support bracket at the bottom that I could use to raise and support the engine with a floor jack instead of needing to lift it with an engine crane and hooks . I had to drill out the rivets that were holding in the original mount , but the flared bolts included with this package were a perfect fit for the holes that were left.The engine now euns more smoothly with less chassis vibration and rattle . I also recommend replacing the lower isolator mount -LRB- if your engine has one -RRB- at the same time .
 This piece works perfectly . Takes a bit more work to get it in , but it gives you a solid mount . My car is vibrating like nuts at this moment , but I have only driven about 50 miles so far . It is a brand new piece of stiff rubber that needs time to soften up , so I have hope for this mount.Plus , anything that Anchor makes is a good piece .
 Man these are great ! I actually bought RP105 - MT large set - but Amazon does n't sell that set anymore now -LRB- it seems that I bought the last stock -RRB- . Product were packed delicately , all small pieces of accessories were vacuum packed . Although it took me more than one hour to mount them on my 2007 Chevy Cobalt original pedals -LRB- I did it on street at night ... -RRB- , it turned out worth more than 50 bucks ! The rigid metal pedals give much more and decent response than rubber ones , especially the clutch , while absorbe moch of the vibration felt by the clutch . No word can describe the cool sporty looking ! I feel like in city never want to move my left foot away from the clutch now . If the foot rest set can also be mounted without drilling , I would definetly buy that one too .
 They definitely add a nice look to your pedals over the OEM ones . Installation was easy , but the instructions were a little confusing . The brake pedal is secure , but the acceleration cover has the potential to slide up and down because of how it is secured . The baseplate that 's mounted is flat while my pedal was a bit curved so it did n't sit flush . it comes with double sided tape strips though to help remedy this . It works , but you may want to buy some extra to make sure there is no sliding , but so far I have not had any problems .
 These pedals have a sporty look , yet add something of an executive grain to the car , and I 'm extremely happy with the appearance of them . It took a little while for me to mount them , as I tend to take my time with this kind of thing and check the individual components over and over before actually getting to it , but once I put on the accelerator pedal the brake was a snap.I did n't like the idea of drilling into the existing pedals so I used the metal straps and the mounting base plates . If you follow the instructions carefully -LRB- and do n't assume you understand each step in isolation until you go through all the instructions first -RRB- it really is first rate . They fit securely and do not negatively impact the handling of the vehicle or the responsiveness of the pedals at all . In fact , in my opinion , it enhances the driving experience as it makes the pedals easier to manipulate.There 's no shaking or shifting on the original pedals , and I 've had absolutely no problems with it . I drive a 2006/7 Nissan Bluebird Sylphy and the pedals are slightly curved , and still I have had no problems , and would enthusiastically recommend this set to anyone . It probably takes about 15-20 minutes to install the first one , 10 mins for the second pedal , and I 'm sure others have done it in quicker time with just as good results .
 The pattern is nice and if you are used to seatcovers being replaced every 2-3 years . Go for it . My daughter likes the pattern so I bought a second pair . Like all seatcovers , the seat edge gets frayed .
 not as nice as the ones from the hawaii flea market BUT since i live in georgia now , these are the best alternative . DO NOT get tricked by the other seller who only sends you ONE seat cover -LRB- make sure the description states TWO -RRB- !!! this pack has TWO and will last a couple of years for me ! and the print is super cute , not TOO aloha !
 These are Great seat covers bought them for my for mothers day she loves them they fit her very well
 I purchased this to replace the factory idler arm which went out at 80k -LRB- !! -RRB- . It was very easy to locate this and similar parts on Amazon 's parts finder for my selected vehicle . This moog part K8283 seemed heavier duty than stock + had the necessary grease fittings to help this part last longer -LRB- IMO -RRB- than the OEM which was a non-serviceable type . MAKE sure you pay attention to which way the old mounting bracket is attached to your car frame and I needed a tie rod `` pickle fork '' tool to separate the old arm from the steering stabilizer bolt . A small fine blade wood chisel will prove helpful to drive the old sleeve UP AND OFF the stabilizer 's bolt . It took 2 hrs to complete job .
 bought these for my 92 toyota pick up they fit perfect have owned them since less then a year and the clear coat started to peel but that doesnt bother i wanted black one but couldnt find any but im happy with these really light and durable i always hit the train tracks on the way to work and still hold up i would highly recommend them especially for the price
 What a difference these wheels make ! Slapped on some new LT 's and my old Ford is ready for sun , sand or snow !!! The shinny polished metal contrasts well with any color paint.Don ' t forget the great price / value from Amazon .
 I received the wheels quickly . They fit perfectly . They have been on the truck for over a year and still look like they are new . Good quality and sharp looking . It made the truck look so much nicer than the old steel wheels with hubcaps .
 I order this cap for a friend of mine and it was just the one that needed for his 2001 Volvo.Was well wrapped and came in in perfect condition .
 The picture is not quite accurate . It shows 4 bolts , but actually you get 4 studs that thread into the back of the frame , some washers and 4 lock nuts . I put Loctite on the studs to prevent them from loosening . The frame is heavy and seems to be of good quality . The frame measures 7 1/8 '' wide x 2 3/4 '' tall . The studs are 5 3/4 '' and 2 3/4 '' apart . Fits a Missouri motorcycle plate perfectly . I liked this frame over many others I looked at because there are no bolts visible on the outward facing side .
 This puller/installer works great ive use top brand names before and this is a good quality tool . I purchased it to take off/install pulley on power steering pump off a 2002 Dodge Dakota and it didnt put a scratch on aluminium pulley ... very happy with this tool .
 These fit well , and as an added bonus they included new anti-rattle clips . Good friction level , not too agressive but plenty for a mini-van . Pads have anti-squeel shims installed . Overall friction feel and performance very similar to OEM new .
 direct oem fit . easy to install . hint
 I just popped this in this morning . Fits perfect . I have used a similar filter in my 02 F150 for around two years and it works great . It saves money because the standard filter is around $ 20 and you get around 10K miles out of it . This on is $ 44 and you you clean it every 50K miles and it lasts much longer . Plus the additional horsepower and MPG is nice .
 K&N produces some of the best filters around . I used this one in my 2001 Jaguar X-type and was so pleased I purchased another for my 2nd Jaguar and SUV .
 You ca n't ask for a better filter to keep your Jaguar purring . Someone needs to tell this to local automotive stores . You can comb the stores , but you 'll come up empty handed . So , thanks Amazon for having what my kitten needs and having K&N available !
 Difficult repair parts to find . I have an expensive older Kent-Moore cutter that had broken its cutting wheels through years of abuse . Kent-Moore said the cutter and repair parts are all discontinued . So I kept searching under general `` exhaust pipe cutters '' and finally came across a picture of a `` LISLE '' cutter . I knew instantly that the Lisle was indentical to & probably manufactured for Kent-Moore by Lisle . Long story short , the kit installed as a perfect match for my cutter and I 'm back in business for years to come . 5 Stars to Lisle and Amazon on this one !! Thank you , MR
 What can I say , if you buy it you know what it is and should know what it is for . If you install it yourself on a 2004-2006 you will have to re-wire your truck 's wiring harness . Took about 40 minutes for each mirror , that is taking the door apart , removing the old mirror , installing the new one and putting the door back together . Add about an hour for re-wiring for a total of about 2.5 hours of work . But I can see everything around me now . You will be able to see the car beside you as it passes by the mirrors . These also have a puddle lamp , a nice feature for impressing your woman . The trouble I have had is a co-worker has made threats to steal them.Parking is much easier when I back into a space -- which I always do -- you can see the lines clearly , but you will take up the whole space unless you fold the mirrors in .
 After paying $ 15 - $ 20 for air filters , I finally decided to buy the K&N ; reusable air filter . You must buy a K&N ; filter care kit with the filter . I bought the K&N ; 99-5000 Aerosol Recharger Filter Care Service Kit -LRB- currently sold by Amazon for $ 12.24 -RRB- . You have to use the air filter oil spray on the filter prior to use . The filter itself is cotton between a screen mesh and it is not as air flow restrictive as other air filters . This means it allows more air to enter the engine . That is why the oil MUST be used to help trap dust and dirt . The filter fits inside the air filter housing perfectly . You just need a long phillips screwdriver to reach and unscrew the 4 screws . The screws stay in place the housing after you unsrew them and you do n't need to worry about the screws dropping into the engine compartment like the early generation screws in cars . I just cleaned my filter after about 30,000 miles after getting this filter . The company says this one filter can be used up to a million miles and I believe it . I will buy this filter for every other car I buy from now on . * Spray the filter with the air filter oil spray prior to first use!To clean and recharge the filter :1 -RRB- Remove the air filter and tap out and lightly brush away the dirt , debris , and dead insects .2 -RRB- Spray the dirty filter with the air filter cleaner pump spray and leave it alone for 20 mins .3 -RRB- Run water through the filter and watch the dirt come out .4 -RRB- Shake the wet air filter and then place it outside for it to dry . Do not use clothes driers or hair driers because you will damage it .5 -RRB- Spray the filter with the oil spray and let it dry for 20 mins . The oil is reddish in color and if there are areas you missed , spray it and let it dry for 20 mins .6 -RRB- Clean the air filter housing with a moist paper towel then a dry one prior to putting the air filter back in . Trust me , it is as dirty as the air filter .7 -RRB- Place the clean `` recharged '' air filter back in the housing and tighted the screws .
 This was easy to install . Noticed better acceleration right away . Seem to get better gas mileage too . Definitely recommended and worth the price .
 I 've used K&N ; products in the past on my other Hondas , a 1997 Civic EX and a 1999 Civic Si . I now drive a Honda Accord Coupe EX V6 with the 6-speed manual transmission.The primary reason I bought this filter is that I knew I would get better gas mileage than with the stock air filter . I was right ! Also noted is better throttle response ... perhaps a few extra horsepower -LRB- but I doubt it -RRB- . I bought this filter right before a 1400 mile road trip . My car is rated at 20mpg city/30mpg highway . On this trip I got 34 mpg highway , with the A/C on , traveling at 75mph the whole time.Also a benefit is the long life of this filter and the simple maintenance.The price on Amazon was the cheapest BY FAR of any local auto parts store . None of the local stores carried this filter in stock and had to order it . Amazon had it in stock and was shipped promptly.Looking for improved gas milage and better throttle response ? This is a good product for you .
 Had it put in to replace an old normal filter . Engine actually sounds different now . Ordering a second one and the cleaning kit for rotation now .
 good filter came on time ... . love iti would buy again ... very happy with this produce and i would recomanded to other
 The filter as such is a very good product . Writing to let prospective buyers know that although the amazon part finder said that this will fit my 2005 Honda Accord EX , it did not . I had to return this one and in its place buy theK & N ; 33-2276 High Performance Replacement Air Filter - the one with the angled corner - which then fit my 2005 Honda accord and works quite well . I told customer service to fix this glitch , but a month later it still does n't seem fixed .
 I have been a K&N ; air filter fan for many years . The concept of air flow through oil coated filter element makes much more sense than the dry approach . In this arrangement the trapping of particles and air flow is improved , thus improving the engine 's breathing.Initial driving results seem to indicate that the car has somewhat better response when starting from dead stop or accelerating . At this time I have not yet checked the MPG effect on the car . This will happen on my next open highway , long distance trip without stop and go city traffic.I am a DIY type and the part cost alone justifies the use of this filter . While the initial cost is 2.5 to 3 times more than the dry filter , the break even point just for the filter is around 30,000 to 35,000 miles . If there is a slight MPG improvement , the break even will be even sooner .
 This Air filter actually made my 07 ' Accord v6 run cooler . My car used to run in the middle of the temp gauge , now it runs a couple notches cooler .
 The price on Amazon was good and this permanent engine air filter was purchased for two reasons ; to replace the disposable filters and to improve performance . The cost savings of having a permanent filter instead of buying disposable filters during the life of your vehicle is worth this purchase alone . However , I 've read K&N claims about performance increases , including gas mileage , that if true are to immeasurable to be noticed on a 2006 Honda Accord . Gas mileage was not improved and I actually noticed about a 1 MPG decrease but it 's not negative enough that I regret the purchase . Bottom-line , get this filter because you want future cost savings on disposables not because you think you 'll get better fuel economy out of it .
 I just got this filter and installed it on my 2004 Honda Accord about a week ago . I usually keep my cars for a while , so I figure I 'll benefit from a filter I can clean and re-use . The filter was an exact size replacement for the OEM filter from from Honda . One benefit I already have is I found out the dealer pinched the old filter when he did a `` courtesy check '' the last time and there was a possible seal leak that would have gone unnoticed if I had not decided to upgrade to this filter . This filter comes with a sticker that says `` Do not discard . . reusable filter '' . I stuck it on the filter box and plan to inform the dealer that I do n't want anyone EVER to open the filter for a `` courtesy check '' , I maintain my own air filters.There is a possible gain in horsepower and fuel economy , but I 'm going to have to wait to claim that for this filter . I drive prety conservativly so my main interest is long-term cost savings over not having to buy another filter . It seems like it takes at least an hour to wash , dry and re-oil the filter when needed so that might be an inconvienience to some but at least I 'll know the filter was cleaned and reinstalled correctly.You 're looking at about 4-5 times the cost of a conventional after-market filter , so this may not be in every ones budget , but it 's worth considering . And the materials and construction of this filter seem sturdier and more substantial so I liked that.Update
 Installed my new K&N filter the day it was received . It 's a direct replacement for the specified paper filter type . It seemed to seal even better than most paper filters i 've previously installed in the air box of my V6 Accord . After installation I noticed an immediate change to engine throttle response . Although I have not measured the improvement , I can discern a large enough difference in throttle response and off the line torque . Fuel economy has improved by a couple MPGs also . Overall i 'm very happy with this purchase .
 Came in great time and has been working great . I can feel a better response from my engine .
 Bought this because I saw it in the local auto supply store and liked the concept of long-term use and higher airflow . Of course , I bought it on -LSB- ... -RSB- because the price was about $ -LSB- ... -RSB- cheaper !!!! Installed in 5 minutes , and have observed no noticable change in how the engine operates , good or bad . So that 's a good thing to me.I keep my cars for many years and miles ; put on about 25,000 miles per year . I expect to more than get my money 's worth from this product .
 great bang for your buck . Not only does it improve HP and fuel efficiency , it adds a subtle purr to your engine -LRB- nothing obnoxious -RRB- . Its a simple mod you can do that goes a long way . And they last forever .
 This Tonneau cover is the best looking one around . I ca n't even see it on the truck from the side . Everyone is amazed how easy it folds up and back in place again . This is not a cheap cover so it does not look like a cheap cover . I looked at a lot covers and this is by far the best . The install was easy , but I spent about one hour fine tuning and getting it as low as I could go . I 'm just a little picky .
 I chose truXedo because of the great reviews i have read on truck forums and here on Amazon . I also liked the lifetime warranty they offered on the Lo Pro QT . Everything from the cover to clamps is covered until i sell or trade in my truck -LRB- waranty does not transfer -RRB- Since I plan to keep my Silverdao for 8-10 years , just that makes this cover worth it!I also like the fact I can still use my stake holes . I have a set of Bull Ring tiedowns installed . With any other cover i would have to remove them and loose the extra hooks .
 Internet sales was great to deal with very friendly staff . Was wrong cover for my truck , and yound lady at Internet Sales was great . Very dissapointed that had to pay 10 % for Restocking fee though . Cost me over $ 60 adn couldnt even use it ! But people there are very friendly and would purchase from them again , just review your order before hitting enter !
 These filters are the best I 've found for the money . They 're expensive but you get what you pay for . They work very well .
 The tire step is a great easy to use handy item . makes working on the truck very easy . You should definate must !!!!!!!!!!!
 This device is amazing . I 've had this about two weeks now and I think I 've used it every day at least once climbing in and out of my truck with gooseneck trailers attached . It allows me to reach to put my safety chains on and lock the catch without beating myself up trying to reach jump up high enough to accomplish these things . Nice product !
 I wanted my headlights to match my fog lights in intensity so the search began for the right bulb and I came across these beauties and they work fantastic . They 're super bright and priced just right !
 Some of Stant adapters are expensive so order only if needed . This item also requires the use of the Stant cooling system pressure tester ST 12270 .
 We have multiple trailers -LRB- up to 26 ' -RRB- in the yard , and fitted with a multiball insert this adapter makes short work of moving them around.It 's solidly made , obviously constructed with substantial , top quality materials . Weld joints are professional . This thing will last forever .
 I purchased this tool for moving boats around my shop with my 30hp Kubota tractor . In truth I suspected to find a toy in the box , but found an incredibly useful tool instead . It is light enough that connecting it to the 3-point hitch is trivially simple . And having the ability to swap out 1 7/8 , 2 . and 3 5/16 balls by simply pulling one pin is a godsend for me.Now , instead of fighting with my floor jack when I want to block a trailer up , I can simply raise my 3-point hitch whle standing , slide the blocks in place , drop the hitch and drive away .
 Received it faster than I expected and I live in Hawaii . Great quality and went up very easily . Minimal tools and no drilling or fabricating . Everything I needed was included ; brackets , bolts , washers , and side steps . Very pleased .
 This adapter fits just about every vehicle made with a quick on style fuel cap except for early 2000 fords and some foreign cars
 I bought this for my husbands work truck -- we live in the mid west and get lot 's of snow.His response was `` why did n't i have this all my life ?? '' It 's a huge timesaver in the early morning hours . I got the jumbo size even though he has a small truck . It envelopes the entire windshield with enough length to just close the doors to keep it tight . He does n't bother with the suction cups .
 I bought this for my daughter as a gift . She has not said one way or the other whether she likes it
 I had a smaller version of this cover and loved it for my Jeep Cherokee . But when I got an Olds mini van , the windshield was much bigger . Because I loved this product , I ordered this jumbo version . It is much bigger . It fits fine across the windshield , but comes up a little short for the height -LRB- top to bottom -RRB- . It would be nice if it was a little longer to help cover the wipers to keep snow and ice from accumulating down by where the wipers are stored when off . It is easy to install other than in the wind.Also , the suctions cups do NOT work at all . I traded the suction cups from the smaller , older version I have . But now I need to find suction cups for that one , since I have passed it on to someone else.Good product , but manufacturer could do a few enhancements to make it better . I would purchase another one if necessary.The actual size is correct according to the box -LRB- 36 '' x 96 '' -RRB- . The width of the actual cover is 62 '' and the two side wings are 17 '' each and the height is 36 '' . Too bad these measurements are in the product features on this website . That would help potential buyers .
 While not perfect , we have bought one of these for each of our cars . While we are able to park in the garage at night , when we are away from home we use this to protect our windshields from the frost and snow . It 's a big help and it prevents us from having to scrape ice and snow off of the windshield . It works best if there are two people to help spread it across the windshield , especially when it is windy . We have a van and a truck and have the jumbo size . The smaller one is great for our daughter 's Jeep .
 The sno-off winter windshield cover , is perfect ! I had one years ago and had been unable to find a replacement . Even though I have my car garaged , when at work I use the cover and do not have to scrape my windshield and poke snow and ice off my vehicle 's wipers.The cover is strong and durable . I prefer the jumbo size as it covers the wipers well.In New Hampshire , we have had record amounts of snow fall and I am happy to have this cover . Many ask where I found it ... MLJ
 a must have product for the winter . our daughter has to park her car outside and leaves very early for work . the cover goes on so quickly and really saves her a lot of time and work ...
 I had spent a number of hours searching the internet for a windshield covers for my two cars . I had passed this item by on a number of occasions in view of the `` SNOW '' issue as my vehicles would not likely have that problem.I was looking for something to simply keep dust , dirt and moisture at bay as my vehicles are stored under a carport very near the ocean . The cover works beautifully in our southern California Santa Ana Winds.I ordered the Jumbo cover for my Honda Odyssey and the regular sized one for my Honda Fit . I could not be more pleased ! VERY MUCH worth the money spent.It takes less than a minute to put them on . We do n't even bother with the little suction cups supplied . We just close the doors onto the `` ears '' and they stay on good and tight ! It is easy to fold and store . I simply wipe them off each time I wash the cars . Great product !
 this cover worked great - kept the windshield dry & ice free during the last snowstorm
 It works great to keep frost , ice , and/or snow off the windshield . It is easy to use and covers the windshield completely . The only thing that could be improved is the suction cups ; they do n't stick to the inside of the windshield when it is cold .
 I gave this as a gift to my friends that work retail a couple years ago and they loved it . I gave it again to new friends this year and they said it 's the best gift ever . Working where you have to park outside and having to scrape the snow and ice off the windshield is not the way to end a day -LRB- or start one if you do n't have a garage -RRB- , and this makes it so much easier .
 The Jumbo Size Sno-Off Winter Windshield Cover is fantastic is covers the complete windshield and saves time in the morning . I own a Limousine company and have one for each car . This is a must product to have if you leave cars outside in the winter.Prestige Limousine Fairfax , VA
 for the price i thought i 'd givve it a try and bought each of my kids one since they are n't able to park in the garage and i 'm surprised that they actually go out there every night and make sure its on . They say it works great and saves alot of time in the morning before going to work . and it so simple to put on and the snow just falls right off it and its light weight and easy to fold up and put away
 Low tech , does what it is supposed to do , keeps frost and snow off the windshield.My life is easier without scraping.Loads cheaper than a garage .
 These windshield covers do a great job of keeping frost and snow off the glass . The only drawback is their light weight makes it very hard to install when there is any wind blowing .
 Well worth the money . This product works just great . I have used it a few times and it does exactly what it promises . I have a mid-size SUV and it covers the windshield with plenty of material to spare . My guess it would have no problem covering a full size SUV window.I do recommend that you secure the bottom with your wiper blades . It seems like it could have a tendency to get whipped around if it was really windy out . It was a bit of a challenge fighting the wind trying to get this on . But once you know the wind direction , just secure the up-wind side onto your windshield with the wiper blade and inside the car door and it becomes much easier .
 It works great . The material seems durable and it works like a charm . I only wish that it would also work on the rear windshield .
 A must to have ... When you need to get going whether a light frost or a heavy snow , you will be a very happy camper with this product in the morning you are in a hurry to get going .
 For the price , this product works pretty well to keep the snow and ice off your windshield . The downsides are that it is pretty large -LRB- and easier to put on with 2 people -RRB- , seems subject to tearing , and you have to remember to actually put it on ! But it is serving the purpose so far !
 This is my second item of this type , and in the wintertime it is indepensible . With no garage to keep my SUV in , this cover fills the void . It is easy to put on , just takes a few minutes , and saves many minutes of scraping ice the next morning ! This particular one is large enough for my SUV with some room to spare .
 I take the bus to work , which means I have to park my Yukon on an uncovered parking lot . I hate hate hate to scrape my windshield . I just put on this cover , and when the bus drops me off , I take it off and home I go . No scraping . I have used it for a year without any problems . It has no tears or rips . Great product .
 If you live in an area with ice and snow , you should get one of these . Put it on you windshield at night , and in the morning there is no ice to scrape away .
 This cover is doing the basic cover job I needed this summer for my RVon a Ford 350 . The suction cups work in the heat of the summer althoughsome previous reviewers wrote that they did n't work for the winter . I dowish that the cover was a bit wider top to bottom to completely cover fromthe top of the windshield to the grill work below the windshield wipers . I do n't know how well this thin cover would hold up to winter 's heavy ice/snow conditions but all I wanted was to protect the windshield when my RV is parked for prolonged periods . For the price , its working .
 keeps frost and snow off the windshield over night , no need to scrape in the morning .
 Fit was perfect and the ease of installation was great . Only took in the neighborhood of 1 hour to complete the installation .
 My brother recommended this product in yellow as the best product to refasten refrigerator seals back on . Works very good and only takes less than 15 minutes and its done and won &#8217; t come off . The only problem was finding the product since I live in California it is most likely on the evil list and banned . It use to be available at every auto parts store , but not anymore .
 Just what my bike needed and at a price I could not find in the stores . Worth every dime .
 ... I somehow ordered the wrong spark plugs . I got the same number from my old ones and somehow managed to order different ones . Yeah ... oh well , these are cheap , only out a few burritos.Product is great .
 I received exactly what I wanted in a timely manner at a good price.Thanks you , John
 Parts arrived very soon after order . They have not been installed yet , but appearance is excellent .
 This is a good plug . I got it to replace a cheaper plug on a small motorcycle and it fired right up and worked great .
 This plug worked fine but on the first use my son crashed his scooter and fractured his hip on the maiden voyage with it . He is selling the scooter . But , hey , the plug really worked great !
 I looked everywhere for these plugs . And they were so expensive . Finally found them here at a great price . Thanks .
 I use these type for an off-brand motorcycle , and I am glad that Amazon had them in stock . They are a great value for their price and again the availability will make me a repeat customer for the product . As for the performance , my bike runs fine , so I have no complaints .
 purchased these plugs for my 1995 R100 Mystik BMW motorcycle . I have never had a problem with them , work great and last for a long time . In fact the only reason I had to replace them was that somebody stood on my bike and broke one .
 Does everything a sparkplug should do for a good price . I used this in my 1999 Honda Fourtrax 300 4x4 . Shipped quickly .
 Fast shipping and fits my '79 XS1100 Special . Runs great now . Plug was gapped perfectly upon receipt , lucky or coincidence , I do n't know , but it was . Thanks again Amazon .
 Ordered this for my kids Hammerhead GTS 150 buggy with a GY6 150CC engine . The go cart dealers all wanted almost triple what I found these for here on Amazon . With my prime membership they shipped 2 day for free . These plugs install and work just like the original .
 I get a very nice spark with this plug on my 67 Mini Cooper . It keeps clean requiring little maintenance . I did need to gap it so make sure you have a gapping tool - they are very inexpensive.I 'm unsure why this is called a `` Pack of 1 '' , and so for the sake of clarity - you get a single plug with the order and not the box of 4 that you sometimes see in stores.Very satisifed with the purchase . Prime eligible makes this very affordable .
 I used this as a replacement spark plug for my 1977 Honda XL75 . It fit perfectly and the bike runs just fine .
 This spark plug is very good and order came ontime . Now a days generator is a must because weather is changing and power outrage is so often
 Using this on my 1973 Honda CB350 and it is working great . Great power and I have never had any problems with them .
 Bought this for a 1994 Club Car DS . Works great . Shipped quick as always . Tough item number to find out there .
 There 's no excuse not to use high quality parts when you can find them at great prices on Amazon.com . I tried using another manufacturer 's `` equivalent '' , but it just did n't deliver the spark that the original NGK plug did in my little ATV . The `` other '' plug was brand new . In fact I had ordered two and tried them both . Neither would fire the engine . When I plugged in the NGK , the engine fired up on the first kick . I 'm sold and think you will be too !
 Ngk makes great products and plugs . I have never had any problems . I will keep buying their products year after year .
 I purchased these for my Harbor Freight 950 watt generator , they were a two pack and the price was super , the shipper had them in the mail the day I ordered them . For this Thanks , now one is running the generator when I need it and I have a spare . Good stuff
 Bought these for a '82 Kawasaki KZ440 and they worked perfect . They were clean and were gapped correctly . The best part is that the terminal connectors can screw off -LRB- this was needed for my bike -RRB- . The B7ES plugs -LRB- different manufacturer -RRB- I purchased from Walmart do not screw off and I wasted my money on them . Glad I found these on Amazon & with free shipping it was practically a steal . Very happy .
 It 's worth the extra few dollars in my opinion to get this better made with better materials compared to the really cheap versions .
 I have a 2005 Honda Civic EX coupe and I got this radiator cap to help with troubleshooting a coolant loss issue I was having . Unfortunately for my wallet , it was a blown head gasket as I was suspecting . Without any sort of testing equipment , I could tell the system was more pressurized than the original cap just based on the fact that it blew coolant out of my reservoir , which was overfilled - my fault . It seems to do what it 's advertised to do and is more affordable than other `` higher pressure '' caps I saw while comparison shopping .
 My wifes Lexus factory fan module came apart and needed to be replaced so I came to Amazon and bought this one ! It was a perfect fit and even provided better cooling than the original !
 I got this to take advantage of the shorter wheelbase of a tractor to move a 28-foot gooseneck stock trailer in and out of an equipment shed . It does exactly what I want it to do . However , the tractor has a fiberglass canopy , and the forward dome of the stock trailer contacts the canopy if any turns over , say , 45 degrees are made . Thus I lose some of the maneuver advantage of the tractor . Failing to watch for this contact would result in damage to the trailer or to the canopy
 Yep , it tests a 12V battery and can help determine how much energy is being supplied by your alternator . The best part of this device is that no internal batteries are required . Nice.The instructions were not very good , which is why I deducted one star.One example of the poorly written instructions is the LED read-out on the front panel . If you have a good battery , all three LEDs illuminate , and can be confusing . I would expect a good battery to light the `` Good '' LED , not all three . It is still a good purchase for some basic car troubleshooting .
 this is a handy product , it show 's what is going on with your battery 's and the altenater in the charging system . you know if you need battery 's or a altenator .
 Nice tester for car and bikes . Works just like it says it will on package . Got it fast used it faster ! Would buy again if needed .
 A great tool to check your car battery and alternator condition.Small , light and portable tool .
 Muy grande , exageradamente grande para lo que hace ... cuando la bater&iacute;a o el alternador funciona prenden los tres bombillos y por l&oacute;gica deber&iacute;a solo prender el verde
 I did some online research and these were the shocks of choice . They 're installed and we have driven on them for 4 months and they ride fine .
 Perfect for that little extra power cord length and wraps around things so it is out of the way so your feet do n't kick it .
 Our backseat power output in our van is way in the back in the cargo area . With this extension , my kids can charge their ipods from their seats without climbing all over or stringing chords around . The chord is pretty tightly coiled at first , so it is n't as long as it seems it should be , but it will relax a little with use . I highly recommend it !
 This cord is handy when you need to use 12V DC power from your vehicle outside but nearby . Low power draws only.For small AC appliances such as TVs , VCRS , or DVDs , add an inverter to complete your set-up .
 This is a quality part , but it does not have a MOOG balljoint . That is unless MOOG makes balljoints for TRW . This balljoint clearly says TRW on it 's clear silicone dust boot , just like the OEM Ford part . The forged casting also has TRW cast into it , just like the factory Ford part . No zerk fitting , which is completely ridiculous . This is a Ford part , plain and simple . Probably has the low-friction OEM design balljoint in which Ford feels no servicing is necessary . Yeah , right ... that 's why I 'm changing the originals on my barely 100,000 mile Thunderbird . Not an isolated incident either , 89-97 Thunderbirds are notorious for balljoint and bushing problems . Check TCCOA dot com for proof of this.The box it comes in is covered with false advertising showing exploded views of MOOG 's superior balljoint technology , and then the part in the box is a TRW piece ! Also be nice if they would paint the rubber bushing 's metal housing , since it 's bare steel which will rust immediately unless you live in a desert type terrain . Still made in USA atleast . This exact same part sells at Kragen for $ 129.99 ! The only other quality aftermarket alternative to this MOOG part is the Raybestos unit , which I could not find any detailed information on . Amazon 's super saver shipping beat Rockauto 's out the door price . Bottom line , do n't put cheap balljoints on your car . Buy a trusted brand like MOOG -LRB- or whatever they feel fit to rebox -RRB- , OEM , or Raybestos . Read about the horror stories of knock-off chinese suspension parts on TCCOA dot com !
 I ordered and installed the left and right arms for my '96 Thunderbird , as well as a complete set of Ford strut rod bushings . There were absolutely no issues with fit.There are a couple of things you should know about these arms , however :1 . A new nut is supplied , but it is NOT a castle nut w/cotter pin as you may read elsewhere about Moog arms . The one included in both the USA and Canadian labeled boxes is known as the prevailing torque type -LRB- crown lock -RRB- -- the Amazon photo is correct.These nuts are difficult to install if the new ball joint 's taper is not seated tightly -- the ball joint will just twist in its cup as you turn the nut . Do not discard your old non-torque nuts ! The best method I 've found is to use those old nuts to seat the taper very firmly -LRB- e.g. , torque them to spec or near it -RRB- , remove them and then the new Moog nuts can be tightened to spec with relative ease.If you currently have torque type nuts , find a normal nut that fits the new ball joint 's threads and have it on hand for the install .2 . Not all Moog arms are made in the USA , and the non-USA joints are not as tight as the USA ones . I received a Canadian-made 8596 upper arm , returned it -LRB- because the boot was damaged anyway -RRB- and specifically requested a USA-made 8596 arm . I was sent another Canadian arm . Neither Canadian joint is as firm/tight as the USA joint . I discovered this is especially true with these lower arms -- USA ones are extremely tight , Canadian ones not so much.I presume this is a matter of factory tolerances being different -- assuming identical design , materials and construction methods.I contacted Federal-Mogul , but never heard back from them , so I do n't know whether the 8596 -LRB- and certain LCA 's -RRB- are simply not made in USA at all , or if it 's just that Amazon does n't have the USA version -LRB- or did n't bother reading my replacement instructions -RRB- . Good luck getting matched-pair USA-made arms , from Amazon at least.So far , I ca n't tell much , if any , difference in real world driving performance or feel between the Canadian and USA arms . Only time will tell if one side wears much faster than the other .
 best waterproof fuse holder , easy to protect & change fuses , great for use in water prone areas . ** be sure though when splicing wires to fuse holder to protect splice with good butt connectors with heat shrink and second layer heat shrink over the connectors also - totally waterproof **
 THESE MOOG BALL JOINTS WERE PURCHASED TO REPLACE CHEAP BALL JOINTS ACQUIRED THRU A LOCAL AUTO PARTS STORE . I SHOULD HAVE PURCHASED MOOG TO START WITH BECAUSE THE CHEAPER BRAND LASTED 2 MONTHS BEFORE BECOMING BADLY WORN AND CAUSING MUCH NOISE AND LOOSENESS IN THE SUSPENSION . I HAVE CHANGED BALL JOINTS FOR 40 YEARS WITH NO PROBLEMS.SPEND A LITTLE EXTRA AND GET MOOG PRODUCTS .
 I was very please to find the seat cover it has been discontinued in the store and the last one I found was in Hawaii . It arrive on time and looks great in my car .
 I 've been wrenching for a long time and would not settle on any off-the-wall brand of head bolts . Fel-Pro head bolts have not let me down yet .
 If you own a Toyota with a 5SFE 2.2 4 cylinder and you need to replace the cylinder head , , order the replacement head bolts . The torque spec for this application is not the ordinary way and new bolts are a must . It would be nice if the add for these or the head gasket area would put a warning somewhere in the catalog to inform people that new head bolts are highly recommended to be replaced . Excellent product .
 very handy remote , mine other ones broke , this one was very easy to program and the customer service was great , price is not so bad too .
 It arrived when they said it would and it works great . Thanks for getting it to me in record time .
 My third unit ! Keeps stuff dry , fast install , fast stow when needed . Everybody that sees how easy it is to use really likes it .
 This was roughly the same price as local parts stores . Itwas a bit cheaper though . It works great . I lobe it
 Well it looks good and covers up the cracks and scratches . Easy to install and high quality fit . Would recommended highly . One quick note took FOREVER to ship ...
 Received very quickly . Installed myself and it went very smoothly . Seemed like they fit better than OEM . Have experienced almost no brake dust on wheels .
 Got these for my 2005 Armada front seats which are starting to show wearI 'm impressed . These look great considering the material is not stretchy . I feel like my vehicle will show less wear
 I would definitely recommend a Delphi fuel pump , if you are in the market . I am very pleased with my purchase . I did A LOT of research before I ended up purchasing this pump . Now , my gas gauge actually reads the fuel level and does not keep bouncing around . All I had to do was remove the old fuel pump connector and splice the supplied Delphi one on to the harness . I would recommend soldering the wires together , but that is just my opinion . You can not beat the price and quality of this fuel pump and I would STRONGLY recommend it .
 I never knew for 2 years my fuel pump was bad until it went totally dead . then i put this one in & my 2.2 s10 had a ton of power to climb hills & accelerate compared to what it had the whole time i owned it since bought used . I always thought it was lacking in power due to small engine size but it was due to a worn fuel pump . also the s10 's had issues with a wiring harness connector at the pump connection which this replaces as well . This was way cheaper than other places i searched for the pump . I was not willing to buy a pump from autozone due to the poor quality of the brand compared to this pump .
 I installed this on a 2002 E150 Van . Install went pretty well . However , the instructions are very vague in adjusting . The local Firestone hated adjusted them during the alignment as they are a little confusing on the marks . Also , the instructions with install suggested I place the sleeve in a certain direction . Firestone claimed they were in backwards . I 'm not a professional installer , but I can read and have turned a wrench in my time . That part was frustrating , but all is good now . Moog makes good parts !
 I purchased these for my '97 Ford E150 after installing new front springs , -LRB- which happened to be taller than the originals -RRB- , resulting in the camber being kicked out to an extreme positive . An alignment shop wanted $ 200 to correct it , because the factory bushings have no adjustment . After considerable online research , I concluded the Moog K80109 Cam Bolt Kit to be the perfect solution . In preparation , I sprayed all the original parts with penetrating oil 2 or 3 times in the week prior to installation ... even with that , am still amazed at how easily the change-over went . Now , I am lucky enough to understand front-end geometry and alignment , so with a home-made alignment tool , I completed an alignment after installing the Moog Cam Bolt Kits . Even if you do n't , I think the average mechanically inclined person could install these , and as the included instructions show how to set a neutral alignment , safely drive their vehicle straight to an alignment shop to complete the alignment . Negatives ? ... these should be sold in sets of two ... and I would have gladly paid a little extra for a couple cheap stamped-steel wrenches to adjust these .
 These are a great product to adjust toe and camber following a 3 '' lift . Much more budget friendly here than at the alignment shop !
 We 've had several other brands , got this for free with a coupon , and like it best . The retraction spring lasts longer than the more expensive brands . Yes , it 's annoying that it 's free advertising for BabiesRUs , but this shade has stood the test of time , so it gets our vote .
 Very functional stoping the sun light , be aware for let it long time under the sun cause the material became soft
 looks to be very well constructed . the price was very reasonable too . works very well . great tool . easy to use.would recommend .
 Very comfortable and keeps the weight of the helmet off my neck leaving me cramp free . Not to mention the added safety from a broken neck .
 this product fit my harley dvidson air intake assembly just perfect.it is a great product and i will continue using it .
 I installed this onto a 1999 ford explorer sport 4.0 SOHC engine . I believe this is the lower radiator hose . Fits just right , but you may have to shave off half an inch to an inch off of the end that connects to bottom of radiator so that it doesnt rub up against the sway bar . Well built sturdy hose .
 Bought this when I rebuild my 2.5 engine on my ranger . This is a good quality Camshaft Seal , I have experienced any leaks .
 I have been changing my own brakes for a long time and have used several differnt types of pads and materials . These pads have been far and above the best ever . They leave very little dust , no rust to pit and stain wheels , no noise and last a reasonable length of time . I will by no other brand for any of my cars ever .
 This little spotlight is way better than I had expected ! It actually lights up quite large areas of darkness and has a great price !
 Great little light , I use it for home emercency during power outages . I plug it into my 12V battery jump start lighter socket . Works great !
 We were originally looking for something for the passenger to read with , and this is really too bright for that . But it is handy to have in the car in case we need a brighter light to search for a dropped object .
 This product came with a jump start battery charger . Handy to have out on the road.Thanks , Jamie
 This kit is amazing . It includes everything you need to do this job right . The process is very messy and time consuming but that is expected with a tank repair kit . The inside of my newly coated CB77 tank looks like it 's brand new . All instructions are included and easily readable and easy to follow . They are also in a . pdf document on the POR-15 website . POR-15 is a very reputable rust repellant brand . If you actually follow the directions , you cant go wrong with this kit . It 's worth the money .
 This is absolutely by far the best product on the market ! I have an older bike and was having problems of old lining and rust going through my fuel line and getting stuck in the carb . Thus resulting in my float sticking and draining all of my fuel on the ground . I purchased the POR-15 HD kit and followed the instructions exactly.I was very impressed with the first step the removal of the old liner . WOW !!! This is going to be the ONLY kit I ever buy to line any of my tanks and I have quite a few bikes .
 If you have not used POR-15 products before ... get ready . These are great products but you must follow the tedious and time-consuming directions exactly . Also , like other POR-15 products , these chemicals are really not good to breathe . Make sure you have a well-ventilated area and suitable mask to wear . Do not get this if you can not be patient and follow the directions exactly . As others have stated , it is time-consuming but worth the effort . I purchased this kit plus an extra can of the tank sealant , and was able to restore two rusty Gravely tractor fuel tanks . Well worth the price and the time , I got great results .
 THIS PRODUCT WORKS GREAT , THE BEST THING IS NOT TO RUSH THE PROJECT , TAKE PLENTY OF TIME AND FOLLOW DIRECTIONS . I FLUSHED WITH THE RUST REMOVER AT LEAST 5 TIMES AND LET IT DRY BETWEEN TIMES , AND BLEW IT OUT , I ALSO USED LEAD SHOT # 6 ABOUT 4 OZ AND SHOOK IT WITH THE CLEANERS . MY TANK WAS REALLY BAD , IT HAD SET 15 YEARS , THIS WAS A 1983 SUZUKI MOTOR CYCLE .
 All of the components contained in this kit worked very well . I was especially impressed with the metal ready rust remover . The stripper worked great , although they should recommend in the instructions to put a handful of screws or nuts in the tank with the stripper to `` scrape '' off the old liner off . I went through a gallon and a half of that stuff before I had the idea of doing this at which time the old liner finally let go .
 The best glove money can buy . Worn them in low 40 deg 4 hour rides and hands were toasty warm . Buying a second pair just incase they decide to stop making them , I 'm a bay area commuter and I wear these to split lanes . The dexterity is great without losing the warmth . You 'll love them
 It 's been a year since I bought these and they 're still going strong . Going at 60 + mph in 50 Fahrenheit or lower weather , my hands do get a bit chilly , but it 's tolerable . They also keep me relatively warm from the rain . They have been good gloves for the price , and if they were a bit warmer and drier , I 'd definitively rate them five stars .
 After fighting cold and frozen hands on my bike I decided to give these gloves a try.To my surprise the first thing I noticed was I no longer felt the wind blowing through my gloves , my old gloves offered 0 protection against the wind . My hands stayed nice and warm on my maiden voyage with them.The gloves are well made , and fit great . I am super happy with these gloves .
 I purchased two of these winch mounts for two Suziki ATV 's - Awesome product . Product was very simple to install and the alignment was perfect . The pre-drilled holes were aligned perfectly which was suprising with most products of this type . These mounts were simpe to install and only took a matter of minutes to mount the winch on my ATV . The price was the best I found for similar products , and the service from Amazon was great ! No regrets on this purchase whatsoever .
 I was very happy with this product b/c it came in less than a week from when i ordered it . And , i was happy to find what i was looking for on the internet , b/c i could n't find any butterfly floor mats at any stores .
 This was for the passenger side of my 99 Ford Explorer Sport . Went on in 20 minutes with no issues whatsoever . Wish the driver 's side was made like this one . From what I 've been told in the automotive world , Moog is the only brand to purchase .
 Ordered upper control arms -LRB- left and right -RRB- . Delivery was as advertised . Both assemblies installed without any issues . Fixed the front end issue . Finished by having the front end aligned .
 The product was very good . Alot cheaper than in the stores . And it was exactly the same thing . Im using it now and have no problems with it .
 I wanted to a better coil for my Harely . I chose this performance one because it would work better with the performance wires I also bought .
 This was the last piece in the puzzle to get my bike back on the road and charging again . When the voltage is lower while the bike is running than it is with just the key on , you know you have trouble . As somebody in another review stated , the connectors are not attached when this thing comes out of the box . It does come with two different style plastic connectors as well as the terminals for the wires . This seems like a good thing to me , because the routing of these wires would have been nearly impossible with a large plastic connector on the end . It was much easier for me to simply route the new wires , solder them to the old connector , protect the wires , and be done with it . I had never replaced a stator before , but everything seems to have worked out very well . Charging voltage is up where it should be , even with the high beams and electric gloves on high . The only thing I had to do was remove a bracket on the back side of the stator . This bracket is just to stabilize the wiring as it comes off the stator . The problem is , this bracket would not allow the stator to sit flush . I do n't see this as a future potential for failure as the stator is a stationary component and does not move . That bracket cost this item a star , if I could have deducted only a half-star I would have , but there ya go .
 I you want storage for you tools and want boxes that can be low profile , this is the box to get . Geneva makes boxes for other brands , so these are just as good as any other .
 Ingenious , very functional , however difficult to use where little head space is available such as between valves and frame cross member on some motorcycles , a shorter version in height would be easier to use
 Have always done the valve adjustment on my VTX 1300 . Just finally got this tool . Made the job way faster and easier .
 I bought these for a 200 cc Lifan -LRB- Chinese Honda copy -RRB- on a Kikker 5150 Hardknock . They worked perfectly and seem to be solidly made . Fortunately , tappets are not torqued to the point that you should ever strip these tools . They are small and can get into pretty tight spaces . I highly recommend them .
 I used this to set the valves on my Honda 2003 VTX 1800c . It made the job so easier and saved my spending hundreds of dollars to have the cycle shop do it . Well worth the money .
 Bought this to adjust the valves on my TB V2 head , and it was exactly what I needed . Good price too .
 Emblems are great ! I dremeled off the pegs and used liquid metal to filll in the back . Then I sprayed them with a few coats of clear paint and used emblem glue to attach them to my '11 camaro . . THEY LOOK GREAT !
 Needed a new radiator and this was the best deal around ! Works great , no problems ! Box was a bit dinged when I received it but the radiator itself was fine . Great deal ! Thank you !
 Length :
 Great product . Really easy to install yourself . They sound great . I put them on my Honda 919 . They come with the removable inserts so you have the option to be loud or quiet .
 I put this slip-on exhaust on my 2011 Ninja 650 . Extremely easy to install . It connects straight into the stock header pipe and bolts on with the master cylinder . Comes with a silencer insert -LRB- bike still sounds good with it -RRB- . Sounds fantastic in higher rpms and when you use the engine braking technique to slow down . Make sure you have a set of metric sockets and allen wrenches handy . Overall , great exhaust for the money .
 I replaced the brakes and rotors on my 2000 Ford Mustang . I had some doubts about the quality of the rotors at first , but after I inspected the rotors I found that the they were of excellent quality and were reasonably priced .
 Wish I could have ordered the exact color to match my car . The price was so awesome for a complete replacement I had to buy it . The color can be fixed later if I really care later .
 And satisfied , too . The time came to get new sets for my Camry . A friend recommended ceramic pads , and these were the most reasonably priced ceramics I could find . The one and only detail that made me hesitate for a moment whether I should keep or return the brakes to Amazon was the discovery of `` Made in China '' label on them . I think Amazon should have made clear the country of origin of crucial automotive parts like brakes . I decided to give them a try.All four sets of pads -LRB- front + rear -RRB- replaced originals with a perfect fit . A small package of synthetic grease that goes on the back plates was included with each set . They are smooth , quiet and efficient . Honestly , they do feel better and work noticeably better than my OEMs.Recommended.I 'm giving the same review for the front and the rear pads sets . ======= Update ======= As of January 2010 the brake pads are in great shape . I 'm very happy with them .
 although I did n't use it how most would have , the item worked exactly the way I wanted to mount my Hella 500 black magics
 Perfect fit and finish ! Looks great on my 2002 Chevrolet blazer . Came quickly , would definitely recommend . Only drawback , made in China !
 I 've bought two of these now , a couple years apart , to protect my wood-floored garage from the Ick that comes in on my car in the winter in Maine . The first one was regular edition , much thinner , and did n't stand up well . The Special edition is well worth the extra money - this one is about to start it 's third winter . The edging pieces do n't last forever , but they need n't be perfectly undamaged to function well.A few hints : If it 's cold when you assemble the mat , definitely get out the hair drier to warm up the mat edge before trying to snap the edge pieces on . Ideally , assemble before it all freezes up . I store mine in summer , off the floor so that the wood can breathe -- fold the mat as little as possible -LRB- ideally roll for storage -RRB- , and allow to flatten in the warm sun a day or so before reassembling.All in all , this product has worked well for me .
 Received timely and well packed . Easy to assemble . Anticipate long life due to the weight of the material .
 You ca n't beat the price on this , but it 's very cheaply made and I always find myself worrying that one day the key will not unlock the thing . Have had it for about 2 months and so far so good though .
 I have been using this for a couple of months , and it has worked fine . It is not as robust as `` The Club '' , but it is plenty sturdy , has 4 hooks , and is significantly cheaper in price . It is a good enough deterrent -LRB- for my car anyways -RRB- that a would-be thief will just move on .
 It does exactly what you want it to do . Deters people from wanting to steal you stuff . Not a bad price either .
 way cheaper than the club good solid construction . i have a 9 inch steering wheel so it didnt quite fit but i made another notch in the shaft with an angle grinder and it fit great
 For the price works great , i thought it would feel and look cheap , but it 's perfect ! Completely satisfied ! Would def ' buy again .
 locks quick holds on to steering wheel very well.good price.I believe when a thief looks inside the car and sees the bright yellow steering wheel lock he will just pass it along and look for an easier vehicle to break into .
 I have a 1995 ford explorer and it works fine i put it on and take it off multiple times a day and i have had no problems for months and months now ! I would recommend it!Edit
 This product is a great visible deterrent . The color really stands out making your vehicle less of a target . The only thing that i dislike about this product is that it is bulky and heavy compared to other locks .
 The steering wheel lock does exactly what it says , and it 's very sturdy . Previously , I purchased another master lock model -LRB- also has 4-hooks -RRB- that was more costly -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- , it is very similar to this one except that the locking did n't require turning the key , but instead required only pressing down on the button . For $ 7 cheaper , I would say this lock functions exactly the same as the other model described , but it requires the turning of the key for both locking and unlocking , which is n't a big deal for me . One problem that I had within the first week of purchase was that a small part of yellow plastic cracked . I was at Cape Cod for a few days under very intense heat , and I think that the metal part expanded too much under the high heat , and that forced the external plastic covering to crack . It 's definitely not a big deal and the lock still works fine , it just looks less pretty with the crack -LRB- thus I am giving it only 4 as opposed to 5 stars -RRB- . One would assume that master lock would find a plastic that would be sturdy enough to withstand the heat ... Otherwise , everything is perfect .
 It was cheap and served me well on the rental car on my three week trip to Jamaica . I left it there for future use so I wo n't have to be schlepping it back and forth each time I go there .
 I like to sharp color , easy to see from the window . And easy to use ; strong ; good price ! Love it !
 I purchased this item after my Honda got stolen and the police miraculously recovered it in four days . -LRB- Two points for the police ! -RRB- I feel more secure now with my new steering wheel lock !
 I purchased the Dr. Hooks Steering wheel lock a few weeks ago and returned it as it was extremely cheap and crumby looking.When I took this guy out of the box , I was amazed to see how much of a quality difference there was for the same price . Not only is it better quality , but it is much longer and works very well in my Mitsubishi Montero -LRB- medium sized truck -RRB- . I highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a high quality steering wheel lock in this price range . It is the best you can get .
 It works as described and makes me feel safer with four prongs instead of two . The silver bar that adjusts the length looks very small in diameter , so I do n't know how easy it would be to cut . The bright yellow really stands out .
 I 've had my car 's driver side front door door and trunk lockpicked by some nasty neighbor before . I got an old car , almost 15 years old , and I do n't want to invest in an alarm system that would drain the battery of this old vehicle . After I got this steering wheel lock , there has n't been an incident . Certainly worth the purchase .
 I chose this steering wheel lock because it was cheap and a pretty color . But it actually got a lot of good reviews and I am very satisfied .
 Great ! Just as described . The same quality as the products in the store . But , much cheaper than going to the store and without the gas and time spent .
 It really deserves five stars ... I 'll explain my rating in a bit.I own a black lab / beagle mix -- behaves like a beagle , but looks like a lab puppy -- ALL black . As a night owl , I tend to walk the dog during the day AND late at night . Because I usually walk in my quiet neighborhood , I never gave the visibility issue much thought -- until I saw another person walking a black dog at night with a flashing red strobe . It REALLY stood out.For safety 's sake , getting something similar for my dog seemed like a very good idea.After looking at several designs , I liked this one best -- and I wa n't disappointed at all . Its rotating flash design includes a light pointing straight down and three radiating out horizontally in different directions . Unlike some strobes that blink in only one direction , this design allows it to be seen from a long distance no matter what direction the dog is facing.Also , it 's designed to hang down , not stay tucked up next to the collar . This helps it be seen from a distance , and makes it especially beneficial and practical for longer-haired dogs.By the way , the strobe does not flash too fast , -- more like ` just right . ' I would describe it as `` very noticable , but not annoying . `` On the down side , when it comes time to change the batteries -LRB- there are two -RRB- , the 2nd one to come out sometimes gets hung up . A small paper clip can be used to coax it out.That 's it . And that glitch is easily surmountable.I highly recommend this strobe -- phenomenally easy to put on/take off , and it can be seen easily from a long distance.I 'd give it five stars , but that battery issue takes it down a half a notch . Personally , I 've looked closely at a lot of these things , and I 'll buy nothing else but this strobe . -- May , 2011 update
 I have had several of these lights and love them for walking my dog . In the past , I broke one and could not find another , I tried other products and did not like how I had to unscrew the light to turn it on - it fell apart in a very short time . I also tried another small light that worked well but it was too small and did not show up well in my dog 's hair . I was happy to find these on line . These are easy to turn on and off and last a long time . I keep one at each end of the leash so that when we are walking when it is dark , both my dog and I have a light . Especially in the winter it is very useful .
 I bought this for myself and two friends . WE actually wear them - not our dogs . We walk our pets at night and in the dark it helps cars to see us . It 's a great product because it 's big and bright enough for cars to see . I would highly recommend it .
 I live in the country on 7 acres that my dogs run free when I take them out . It was hard to determine where they were at night until I started using this light . The light is made of heavy duty plastic and waterproof -LRB- there is an `` o-ring '' around the screw on top -RRB- . I have no problem telling right where my dogs are 3 acres away in a pitch-black night . It ended much unneeded stress . I am delighted with this light .
 I am so happy to have the opportunity to review this product and company . I love these strobes because they can be turned off or on and are NOT motion activated . My white dog can actually be found in the snow now and letting all three of them out at night is worry free . Buying from this company is new to me and after my dealings with them I can say they are a FIRST RATE company . Talk about a company that goes above and beyond . WOW , I am impressed and that does not come easily . THANKS A MILLION .
 I Live in the country and use the strobe on my dogs collar for night walks , We also put one on his leash for camping its the best tracker for my Yorkie that likes to explore everything . I have used this strobe for about 4 years and have not had any problems .
 A friend gave me one of these and I used it for about a year with some success . Another reviewer wrote about the problem changing the 2nd battery -- I agree . But changing that battery got harder over time and I had to throw the light out after a year because the electrical connection became bent beyond my ability to manipulate it . It does come with a 5-year warranty , but the light is only $ 5 or so I plan to just buy a new one .
 We like this light a lot . Easy to see in dark . Only complaint is to stay away from large dog version to get same sized light with smaller hook to keep out of dog 's mouth . Also , helpful to reinforce with clear packing tape to keep intact .
 I feel so much safer walking my dogs on dark foggy days knowing people in cars can see me and my dogs .
 If you have pets that go out at night . . you should have one of these . You cans see them for a mile ...
 My dog looks so cute running around at night with this light clipped on to him . The random strobing makes him easy to spot even when he is hiding behind some bushes . It especially helps because my dog is black , so he gets lost easy at night . I highly recommend this for small dog owners .
 These little lights work great . The only reason I did n't give them five stars is because we have little dogs -LRB- 20 lbs . and under -RRB- and it would be nice if they were a little smaller .
 Have had two of these for a couple of weeks now . Only thing I 'm not completely happy with is the clip , it 's a little too small to attach the strobe to some collars .
 This ball is quite big , bigger than golf ball sized.It will not make a good light for backpacking dogs because of the size/weight -LRB- even big dogs -RRB- . This was my original intention for it.However , it does look a lot like a Christmas tree ornament , so I 'm going to keep it and decorate my dog with it at Christmas . : -RRB-
 If you walk your dog at night , this is the product for you . It easily attaches to your dog 's collar and provides 360 degrees of flashing red light that is visible from a distance . Not only does it alert passing cars that your dog is there , but it helps you keep an eye on him or her in the dark.Its very rugged and water resistant and the battery lasts a long time . Buy several and clip some onto yourself and the leash for added visibility .
 This is exactly the part that i needed ; it was priced low and arrived on time . Would use this vendor again .
 Great product , easy to use easily fits large seats , comfortable in hot weather . Using in a Ford F-150 split bench seat . Fits snug and keeps the sweat off the cloth seats . Easy to wash and clean , elastic is great , holds the cover in place on both the truck and jeep . Would recommend to anyone wanting to keep their seats clean after a workout . Slips on/off in seconds and the velcro closure is great .
 I put this on my car seat every morning after leaving the gym . It keeps my seat protected and odor free . It 's easy to throw in the wash and clean as well .
 Every active sportsman should have one . They slip on and off quickly and form-fit bucket seats quite well . I use mine in a 2004 Sable LS with leather seats . And I use it on top of the Diono Grip It Car Seat Gripper.It 's nylon with a waterproof backing.It folds okay , but not as straight-forward as you might like , but that 's merely a nit . Another nit
 Exactly what I needed . Came fully assembled . All I needed to do was install fuel pump to it . Great price . Same product that 's in your local parts store .
 Nicely machined rotors with a nice coating . These are quality brakes , definately not made in China quality . Solid brakes at a solid price . Now lets see how well that E-Coating lasts ...
 I HAVE USED GRANT SPORTSHIELD SEAT COVEERS SINCE 1996 WHEN I BOUGHT MY TRUCK . THIS IS THE FOURTH SET THAT I HAVE PURCHASED . 3 FOR MY TRUCK , ONE FOR WIFE 'S SUV . WE HUNT & FISH OUT OF OUR VEHICHLES YEAR ROUND . OUR STOCK SEAT COVERS LOOK LIKE NEW WHEN SPORTSHIELDS ARE REMOVED FOR CLEANING . NEVER A WET SEAT OR STAIN W/GRANT SPORTSHIELDS . GET ABOUT THREE YEARS SERVICE BEFORE NEEDING A NEW SET . HAVE RECOMMENDED TO ALL FRIENDS . GOT ANOTHER BRAND ONCE SOME YEARS BACK , OPENED AND RETURNED SAME DAY DUE TO POOR QUALITY . WOULD N'T OWN ANYTHING ELSE.CHAZ
 This my 2nd set in my work truck . The 1st set were used and abused , but my seats are perfect . Thats why the replacment set of Grants !
 Excellant product , this is my third set . 1997 , 2002 and 2008 Dodge minivans . Easy care and super durable .
 Gee , I got what I needed , got what I ordered , and was delivered in a two days . The tank was replaced and seems to be working just fine.According to my son and husband , no problems at all . UNREAL ... Their is always a problem when doing DIY on any vehicle !
 After shopping several parts stores , I was surprised to find this at the best price on Amazon . It works great on my Saab 900 .
 I replaced the plastic OEM sway bar links with these Moog . They appear to be high quality , and with the ability to grease them , I imagine they will last quite a while .
 exact fit , better then original equipment great ride.all new hardware included in the carton , direct replacement and no problems .
 I purchased this part to replace a BROKEN PLASTIC ford quality part on a 2002 ford taurus . I 've purchased Moog parts over the years and have NEVER been dissatisfied . This even came with grease fittings which is a plus to me . Some people believe in the &#34; sealed , never needs lubrication &#34; parts , I do not . When it comes to steering and suspension parts , you 're life is depending on it . This company has been around since the early 50 's . NO , I 'm not a dealer or work for the company ... rather a guy whos been doing his own work on his own vehicles for years . Do n't waste your money on junk ... it never pays .
 It was the Right Product at a Great Price and Arrived Promptly ! No Shipping made the difference . You can be confident with Moog . My mechanic was happy and got the job done quickly .
 Item arrived quickly & was installed with little effort . A much better part than O.E.M. , which was plastic !!! The fact the links have grease fittings was a main selling point . THANK YOU !!
 Never heard of Moog before this , but have read some good things about the parts after I placed my order . These are waaay superior to the plastic parts that were on my 2000 Ford Taurus LX ! These also came with grease fittings . You have to put them in , and the instructions said , the one with the grease fitting in the center of the connector , goes on the bottom . The other one goes in the hole on the side of the top connector area . I had to use a flexible hose to grease the bottom ones once installed , but the tops are in plain view . These let you use a deepwell or ' drive socket on the nut and a regular wrench to hold the shaft from turning . The others had that hex head on the end of the bolt that is a pain to say the least . Oh , on my car there was one for the driver 's side , and a different one for the passenger side .
 Great Moog quality at a great price.Most important , these parts come withthe Zerk fitting aka grease fittings.The cheap junk from China do n't have it.Buy MOOG you will not be sorry.Parts made in USA or Mexico .
 I bought Grant Sport Seat Covers for my new work truck about five years ago and they completely protected my original cloth seat upholstery . Am getting a new replacement set because they did eventually wear out but after five years in a work environment I am well pleased . Do n't know why we have a negative review above unless that particular individual needs even more protection from his kids or whatever . They might consider going to a custom upholstery shop and get thick clear vinyl covers installed like those in a police car .
 Grants sport seat shield , Efficient , affordable , keeps upholstry from daily wear & tear & accidents.They are also washable ! Works for me !
 these bolts are identical to the bolts you can buy from gm performance parts.also they will work with aluminum heads.this kit is for one head so you will need two for a complete engine.they also include thread sealer on the bolts already.great item felpro !
 This mount worked great on my 98 Sportsman 500 . Easy to install after reading instructions -LRB- I 'm not the typical men ... -RRB- . Sorry but I have to go play plowing some snow around !!!
 This is a heavy duty bracket , I did have to grind out two of the holes but I read where someone else had to do that too before I purchased so it was no surprise . Overall I am pleased .
 This mount kit was very easy to install . Took out 6 screws and 4 bolts slid the bracket in and reinstalled the screws and bolts and was done .
 The quality of the mount was very good . There were a lot of bolt holes ... too many . The product had about 16 bolt holes , but were missing ones that lined up with the bolt holes that mounted the roller fairlead plate to the mounting plate . I would have liked to run bolts right through both plates to the winch , but compromised by using washers . It turned out great , and am pleased with how easy everything mounted together , but I wish they had drilled two more holes in the mounting bracket . It is a heavy , solid piece of metal that will hold up to anything .
 I received this in a couple of days . Web site instructions to re-program the new fob and old one were given . Easy to do . I now have two working fobs .
 I would have rated this product excellent , however , I received two remotes instead of one . It had more to do with an Amazon issue than anything else . In completing a second order , Amazon apparently added this order back in a second time . Price was so low , it was cheaper to keep the second one instead of ship it back .
 I thought , not buying from a Dealer would be a problem . Great buy and easy to program , follow easy instructions .
 This gift was for my brother and he loves it . He can now warm his car while in the house without worry . Thanks
 I would n't use this only to secure my vehicle either , but in combination with other locks it can be very beneficial . Working great so far on my 1961 Mantray VW Buggy !
 The mirror fits perfectly . The foldaway is n't completely the same as the OEM but it is very close . It just does n't fold in as much as the OEM.The screws line up though and the wire harness fits . I used the OEM gasket instead of the one sent . It seemed to provide a better seal ... and that fit over the screws like a glove.Great product , money-saver !!! = P
 This upgrade looks great compared to the stock 3rd brake light . Very easy and quick to install too . Just unscrew old light and connect the new light and ur good to go . The lights are both very bright but still wish the cargo lights were a little more focused and brighter on the bed . But still a good choice and I am very happy with my purchace .
 Clearly the other reviewer is a jackass . If you have more than one brain cell and get the joke , this is a good purchase .
 it works great but next time i will spend more time and find something made in the USA . i find this minimum word crap stupid . i 'm not in school anymore .
 Smoked lens looks great on dark blue F250 . The LED 's are very bright and yes they are directional but I like that . When you are behind the truck the red brake lights are much brighter than the stock bulbs . The cargo lights look very cool but not much for illumination in the bed of the truck . Overall I am very happy with the look of the Recon `` smoked '' third brake light system , and it took about two minutes to install !
 I had cut of the Ford Plug to install this on my Sport Trac . I wired it to the wire harness after cutting the bulb fixtures off . It is not bright at any angle other than directly behind it . Also the cargo lights are 5 times brighter than the stop red.It looks great and I do like it no matter what .
 Can not give a video review because of snow . The brake light looks great along with my smoked mirror and cab lights . Now I wish someone would come out with the fender lights for my 2011 350 super duty dually
 I purchased a set for my husband last year and for my 1997 Toyota 4-runner this year and just installed them . I bought the black and cream front bucket seats only and they look wonderful . Very easy to install and in fact was easier than in my husbands car so not sure if the product has been redone . My drivers seat was becoming very worn looking and now looks like I have a new car . The set I bought last January for my husband still looks very nice . He hauls guys around a lot and if they get dirty , just wipe them off . I would highly recommend them .
 Good product which allows you to use all the features of the phone while still keeping it secure and dust free
 Firstly , this product shipped and was delivered in the exact time and in the exact specifications advertised , EXCEPT 1 . . On the box it says `` plug and play '' , however , it does NOT mention that the plug is back between the headliner and the roof of the truck , to the passenger side a few inches . To access it , I had to reach up under the headliner from inside the truck , which involved pulling the headliner down slightly and -LRB- finally -RRB- getting it unclipped . I was then able to pull the connector free from the retaining clip and feed it through the hole where the stock light wiring went . After that , plug and play was the truth . I 've read on a few F150 sites that most folks ended up breaking the retaining clips to get access to the connector , however if that does n't sit right with you , then plan on taking part of your headliner down . Other than that issue , this item is great , could n't be happier ...
 These are excellent tailgates . They operate perfectly and i have had zero issues with them so far -LRB- 2 months -RRB- They look great and work great .
 Painted all the trim on my 1934 Dodge pick-up rat rod with the rattle can ! Had a hard time finding enough of this color .
 Great looking wheel at an outstanding price -- I do n't know how they can sell these at such a economical price especially considering all of the machine work involved in making them . Bought this wheel to mount spare tire on . I bought four of these last fall for my S10 Blazer and they simple look and have performed fantastic . Would highly recommend this wheel !
 Recon 264122CL LED Third Brake Light Kit 1997-2003 Ford F150 & F250 LD & 2000-2004 Excursion - Clear LensThis brake light looks great , the L E Ds are super bright and extremely visible Day or night , the cargo lights seem brighter than the O.E.M. however I thought fitment on my F150 could have been just a little better .
 Ordered this liner to complete my Joe Rocket Recon Military Spec jacket . Zips in as advertised but does not have a way to secure the sleeves to the jacket . Makes the jacket difficult to remove as the liner sleeves pull out . However , I have used this liner with the jacket in temps as low as 35-40 degrees and it completely blocks the wind and keep me warm . Great product and a nice complement to the Joe Rocket jackets .
 This was the perfect fit to my husband 's motorcycle jacket . His old Joe Rocket liner zipper broke off . This was actually better quality than the one that came with the original jacket . Worth the money . We love our joe rocket jackets .
 Very nice product . Quick with delivery . Fits my Cameron dash perfect . Needed to purchase more Velcro adhesive strips but that was the only negative comment .
 The material is excellent . But it wo n't stick to my dash . Have to go elsewhere for adhesive . Would recommend having adhesive before you receive your product so that you may install right away .
 This is the hobbiests equivelent of a professional tool , totally capable of professional results . It may be equal to the high-dollar `` pro '' tools in the long run with constant use , but I have n't had mine long enough to comment on endurance yet.It 's a solid tool , shipped fast , and a fantastic bargain . -LRB- All the goodies with the ` promo ' pkg . are just extra gravy -RRB- The ` soft start ' is probably the softest I have ever experienced on a power tool . In fact , the first trigger pull had me thinking the switch did n't work for a second ! So far so good . : -RRB-
 ATD Tools 7 '' Shop Polisher Promo with FREE Large `` Man '' Bag & Extension Cord / ATD 10511PROMO excellent industrial polishing the most recommended businesses
 They are the most eye catching thing on my car ... instead of having the dealers info ... I choose to have my own . Love Them . I get compliments on them all the time . And Amazon is prompt with their delivery ... I am a customer for life . Thanx Amazon .
 This was a great product ! Quick shipment ! Perfect fit for a 2003 Kx 125 big bore kit . Came with everything needed .
 I studied and shopped for shocks to improve the ride and bring some new life back into my 97 Chevy Silverado . The truck is in overall great shape , but the ride and handling had begun to deteriorate and it was no fun to drive anymore.I installed these Edelbrock shocks and the problems were solved . The ride and handling are as good as a new truck . I wish I had installed them much earlier . They are somewhat expensive , but if you want to update an older vehicle and avoid a new car note , these shocks are a great investment .
 I used the hood pins to hold the hood down because the regular latch broke and it has not blown up yet so it works
 I bought the chrome version and they rusted in 1 week . This has been on for some time now and I am super happy the product .
 I used to have one but the car wash stool it . So I had to order another one . Back on my car . Glad to find another one .
 As a breast cancer survivor x2 , I wanted to show proudly that I am indeed a survivor and very proud to be one !
 Bought this product for my Toyota 4runner 2007 . It came with the armrest cover , but it was useless since it was too big and did not fit nicely . On top of that , with the armrest cover , I could not put the armrest back to the seat . This part definitely needs improvement.Besides the armrest cover , everything else fit perfectly .
 We have the air breather to match so I bought this for a matching accessory and when it arrived , it wascrushed inside the package ! I think they shipped it that way because it was nicely packed inside the box!I returned it at Amazons cost and they sent another that was not twisted and crushed . It went on fine and looksgreat ! Warning
 THIS IS ANOTHER PART THAT YOU CANT DO WITH ANY CONFIDENCE WITHOUT THE BECK-ARNLEY NUMBER IN THE POSTING . PARTICULARLY IMPORTANT FOR OLD JAGS , BUT A NO-BRAINER FOR ANY OLD IMPORT CAR PART .
 The product was a very good price and free shipment . The actual product was exacty what I was looking for , it was easy to install with good instructions and works great .
 Granted , I did n't purchase the version of this thing that has the batter tester built in , but even this model needs at least a simple light to tell you that there is power to the charger . The complete lack of any verification that the battery is charged or charging or that there is power to the brakes when you pull the plunger.The only field test I 've found is to pull the plunger and try to tow the trailer . If it feels like I 'm towing a building then the trailer brakes are locked.The installation was simple and the wiring was straight forward . If I have the choice again , I 'll skip this model and get the one with the battery level indicator .
 Who would have thought you could get all the functions for one of the lowest prices on the internet.Hopkins is a quality name and their controllers are some of the best on the market today . I found other quality names at higher prices with fewer options . This controller has to best one of the best if not the best offered on the market today . To top it all off buy it through Amazon and you get the best for less !
 Looks okay initially , but does not have charge indicator LEDs as listed in the ad . Does have the small charger built into the system . I installed it even though it was misrepresented in the ad .
 The Hopkins break away system looks to be well made , was easy to install , and was delivered exactly as stated .
 This item came exactly as described , charger and all.Amazon advertises many of these kits as having chargers , when in reality they are n't included.Check the manufacturer 's websites for verification of kit contents.FYI
 I purchased a new suv to tow my camper and when I called the dealer , they told me it would cost me $ 200.00 to have a controller installed . That was for a bottom of the line controller . I went on Amazon and found the Hayes Energize III for only $ 57 and the installation was a piece of cake . Not only did I get a much better quality controller , I saved a lot of money . I have already towed the trailer over 700 miles and the braking is so smooth , I ca n't even feel the trailer behind me .
 I have owned an Energize III controller for the past 12 years . As a contractor I tow a trailer at least once a week . From standard utility trailers to 8 ton dump trailers . As a company we have several trucks with different controllers . In this price range we have 2 trucks with Tekonsha Voyager controllers and 1 truck with a lower cost Reese Pilot . of the three , the Hayes/Lemmerz Energizer is the best . The Energize III features a patented sensing device that automatically monitors and measures tow vehicle deceleration and applies the trailer brakes in direct proportion . It reacts instantly to any change in brake pedal pressure and ensures controlled , smooth stops . You can adjust the maximum braking you want like any other controller but it just comes on so smoothly un like the voyger . It is also the easiest to set up . a simple lever on the side that that you point straight down . No more turning a knob untill the diode is just the perfect shade of orange . Also the slide control gives you 100 % braking regardless of where you set the controller . I liked this controller so much that I put it in my new 2010 Ford F150 instead of getting the Ford factory in dash unit .
 Good instructions and if you want to install it in an ' 03 - '06 Chevy truckyou 'll want this : Hayes 81780 Quik Connect Dual Mated Chev/GMC 2007-2003 Wiring Harnesswhich I also bought here on Amazon . Installation was quick and easy.One thing I did different was I used two of my own sheet metal screws to install itsince Chevy had left me a couple holes that lined up . If you install it on the right side like most people do above the accelerator , you 'll be putting to the far right close to the doghouse -LRB- transmission cover -RRB- and you 'll need a 1/4 '' wrench to tighten the screws on that side so pre-start them once . I used my Makita drill with a 1/4 '' bit and pre-tapped them.This is a great little unit .
 MY CURRENT TOW VEHICLE -LRB- 2500HD CHEVY 8.1 W/ALLISON -RRB- HAS THIS CONTROLLER.I TOW A 7000 LB TRAILER WITH ABOUT 300 LB IN THE BED OF MY TRUCK ALONG WITH PASSENGERS AND THERE IS NEVER A WORRY ABOUT BRAKES . I NEVER HAVE TO SET THE CONTROLLER GAIN TO MAX TO HAVE EXCELLENT BRAKES ON THE TRAILER.THIS CONTROLLER IS VERY GOOD FOR HILLS AND MOUNTAINS.I ALWAYS RECOMMEND THIS CONTROLLER TO MY FRIENDS.EVERYONE HAS BEEN PLEASED WITH THEM.I PURCHASE MY HAYES CONTROLLERS FROM AMAZON BECAUSE THEY HAVE THE BEST DEAL .
 I purchased this item along with the cord to plug and play . I adjusted the brake controller as instructed . I pulled a 7 ` X14 ' Tandem Axel Enclosed trailer from the North Carolina East Coast to Huntsville , Alabama . That is 10 hours with most of the driving being up and down Mountains and Hills . Never had a worry . The brake controller worked perfectly . I was amazed at how it adjusted for up hill and down hill braking . Do n't know that you can improve on this controller .
 Installed this controller in my 2001 Ford F-150 SuperCrew . No problems with the installation -LRB- used the Hayes 81783-HBC Quik Connect Dual Mated Ford 2010-1994 Wiring Harness -RRB- . Just finished a 400 + mile trip towing a dual axle trailer through the Smokey Mountains , both heavily loaded and empty , and the controller worked very well .
 This controller replaced the one put on by the business where I bought my camper . I wore out the disk brakes on my truck in one summer . The necessary adjustments on the unit were not there.This one works great and the breaking is proportional . Since there is a sensor to sense the truck brakes being applied and the force of the braking , you have to set the sensor up each time you connect to the camper . This takes 30 seconds . Well worth not having to replace my disk brakes each fall .
 This package comes with a straight bar welded to a latch , an bar end , and a reciever end for the latch . I modified mine using a pipe bender to conform with the roll cage , and now I can easily latch/unlatch my window net .
 Its a perfect fit in my 98 Civic . Looks great , just lay it out flat for a few days before putting it in your car .
 Does fit . Very high quality and its from Japan . Note it was shipped in a yellow seal envelope . Wish it was packaged a little more .
 I just a minute ago left a 1 star review for Extremeliner , as I got it and found that it literally has a layer of LEAD . And its dang heavy . But , the TacMat is a nice product . Its light and no lead . Now , its not as heat resistent as the Extremeliner , and therefore this is not recommended for firewalls . But , a combination of some other heat shield product , such as perhaps something by Heatshield Products , in combination with TakMat would probably work better and be lighter and not be made of lead.But , what I have used TacMat for so far is for my headliner . I liked it because it was light and works well . Now , TacMat is a bit pricey , but , amazon 's price is better than most places . It also does n't come with any self-adhesive . That was about the only thing that I did n't like about it . You have to come up with your own adhesive , unless you do n't need adhesive where you are using it .
 As previously stated , this unit is extremely light -LRB- approximately 35 # fully assembled -RRB- , yet it has a robust sub-frame that does a good job supporting the durable and slightly flexible polypropylene tray.The unit is easy to assemble -LRB- takes approximately 30 minutes -RRB- but does require a few tools.Pros : Unbeatable price -LRB- as of this writing and price paid , ~ $ 103.00 -RRB- Durable , lightweight constructionEasy to assemble and moveCons : Ends -LRB- approximately 10-12 '' on each side -RRB- are unsupported by the sub-frame and can not handle heavy , uneven loads . If you are carrying something that does not have a relatively flat bottom , consider stiffening the tray with plywood to avoid damage to the tray , your cargo , or someone else on the road !
 Really light-weight yet durable . Easy to pull on and off the hitch receiver .
 ... then you will want the `` Draw Tite 7507 Cargo Carrier with 2 '' Square Receiver Mount '' which is also available here at Amazon.In my research I found a site that did a video on the Rola showing that it folded up so I thought that I was good to go if I ordered it here , until it arrived.Apparently `` Draw Tite '' make these carriers and not all of them fold up . Amazon has that model but not under the Rola name but rather Draw Tite.If you do n't want folding capabilities then this model is fine . I feel that at least Amazon should have listed the Draw Tite folding model under `` Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought ... '' or `` Related Items `` I know whine , whine , whine ... but now I have to pay $ 30 to ship it back and reorder the other !
 Carrier is easy to assemble , light to install and great for carrying dirty stuff outside my minivan . Also good when going to the beach cause it keeps the sand out .
 I SHOPPED FOR AWILE TO FIND THE CARGO CARRIER I THOUGHT WOULD WORK BEST FOR TWO DIFFERENT CARS . THE CONVERTIBLE WAS THE BIGGEST PROBLEM ! I NEED A LIGHTER STYLE WITH BETTER GROUND CLEARANCE AND WAS ORRIGINALLY LOOKING AT ALUMINUN STYLES . THE ROLO MODEL IS NICE AND LIGHT SEEMS VERY STRONG AND HAS A RAISED SHANK WHICH GIVES ME MORE GROUND CLEARANCE . ITS ALSO MORE STYLISH AND DOES N'T LOOK OUT OF PLACE ON THE CAR . ONLY PROBLEM WAS ONE OF THE REFLECTOR STICKERS HAS ALREADY COME OFF . EASY FIX .
 I bought two sets and put them on my 89 bronco and 88 f-150 . They fit fine and seem to be of good quality .
 Bought two of theses front wheel speed sensors for a killer deal when compared to others . Sensor 's form and fit were excellent and I had no trouble installing them.Would purchase from seller again as the entire experience went very well.YZDude , Herriman , UT
 Product worked as it was described . One thing was I did n't realize the epoxy was clear and you added tape on top . I thought you dyed the epoxy like other kids I 've used . However , the product still worked really well ! Makes a nice permanent repair ! 3/24/12
 Wasnt sure it would fit based on description found out after pulling old tank it was same part number . Best price on internet or anywhere else , arrived south Tx ultra fast , PERFECT . sending unit pickup tube not included . Great deal , great product , Amazon amazing .
 I know this was a big job I was getting myself into and wanted to purchase a very good set of ball joints that will last a very long time . I talked to my local garages and others on forums and they all said that Moog is the way to go . After shopping around at local parts stores and on-line places , Amazon.com was the best price . I already did all the homework for you . Buy these and you will not be dissappointed . They are great . They come with grease zerks for adding grease to them and the steering on my lifted 2002 Ford F-350 has never felt so good . I highly recommend them and I also strongly suggest to follow your vehicle specs and torque them down to the correct ft. pounds to help ensure longevity of the ball joints . I hope this review helps in your decision making .
 I put these on my excursion 4x4 diesel a few years ago and they are holding the front end in real snug . Got these because of the grease zerk . Being able to grease it should keep it in great shape for several more years .
 Same very fast delivery and easy to use site . Would recommend using this seller .
 When it comes to quality suspension parts , it 's hard to beat Moog . I would highly recommend these greaseable ball joints to anyone needing replacement ball joints .
 Installed this and the upper joint in my truck this year on both sides with no problems . I can only hope that they last as long as the originals with proper lubrication . I got around 150k out of originals so hoping that these go at least or more than that and if not will likely put Ford ones back in but given that these cost a lot less , figured I would give them a try . The grease zerks for the upper ball joints may or may not clear your front axle shaft joints so be prepared to get a low profile zerk . The uppers I purchased had two different zerks and one cleared and the other did n't .
 moog ball joints best for the price . so far so good now have over 100000 and still pass inspection . on an f350 4x4 work truck
 I received item as advertized , it is the correct replacement part , I installed myself with the proper ball joint installation press and had no issues . I made two separate orders for this item , one arrived in great condition , the other ball joint had arrived in a bigger packaged but the small parts -LRB- zerk fittings , dust boot , nut , & snap ring -RRB- were scattered throughout he big box it was shipped in , but all the pieces were present luckily . I would highly recommend this purchase due to exceptional pricing .
 Best parts money can buy . Truck rools down the road better than ever now with these ball joints installed on it
 A far better product than the factory original parts . Sure glad I bought this item and the others i needed .
 This product fit my 2003 Ford F250 V10 4x4 truck perfectly . I thought the process would take 8 hours , but surprisingly all it took was 3.5 hours to replace the ball joints .
 I had to grind the zerk fitting a little after installation , but that was easy . These are high quality ball joints and if greased twice a year , I bet they will outlast my 2004 SuperDuty 4x4 w / 12.5 x20x35 's .
 This Lower ball joint was perfect for my 2002 Ford F350 . I had never replaced the joints before and after researching , got all the parts from Amazon and did the job for way less than a shop would charge . The Moog Ball joint was the most recommended and in my experience was the right part for the job .
 Ordered this for my 2000 Ford F-250 4x4 , diesel . Fits perfect and looks like it 'll last for a while .
 I bought this for a friend after I kept their other model for myself . She was thrilled ! It has some good quality tools in case of trouble and the flashlight is built into the case ! Nice.The hard case is really good looking and tough . And the whole thing takes up almost no room at all .
 I am very impressed with this Made In The USA product ! It is built very precisely , and should last a lifetime of normal use . The steel construction is quite heavy in gauge size , and the welds are excellent .
 These clips fit the door panels on my 1999 Toyota Camry . The original clip harden with age and broke when I removed the door panel . I keep and extra box of these clips in my tool box .
 I like to split the pelvis and brisket when I field dress deer . Instead of using a knife blade I wanted to find a saw for this purpose . While looking around Amazon , I found this saw and ordered it . Shortly afterward I shot a deer and got a chance to try it out . It worked very well , and made short work of the pelvis and breast bone . Much nicer than trying to use a knife , and with the purpose made tip , it was easy to use this saw without breaking the bladder or cutting other things that should n't be cut . I would recommend this saw for the purpose .
 Great looking product and fits in my hand well . I picked this up after hunting season and have not had the opportunity to use it . I probably should have read a little more in the specifications because it was smaller than I expected but looks like it will do the job .
 this product has only been used for the pelvic bone of but has performed as expectedas all gerber products if it is what u need it will work great
 I just used this handy little gem on a good size AZ mule deer.This little baby cut right through not only the pelvic bone but it also separated the ribs with no problems . This makes field cleaning much easier.It 's light weight and compact size makes it perfect for packing it into the field.Definitely a must have for your next deer hunt .
 The saw got to me quickly . It did include the nylon sheath which was not advertised . That was a good thing . Now all I need is a deer to test it out .
 I 've used this for the past 3 years on deer and elk . It has performed flawlessly . The blunt end tip makes it very difficult yo puncture the insides of the animal and taint the meat . I 've used this on probably 40 deer and elk between me and my buddies . I definitely recommend this saw .
 i bought this saw thinking it would be slightly larger than it is . it is 3.5 inch blade which i should have done the research before i bought itthe saw works great fr cutting through trees and small branches but i bought it for an elk saw . and it would not be able to remove the trophy antlers with the skull plate because its so small but oh well its a great saw anyway
 I was finally able to use this on my elk last fall and I have to say it did its job really well . You do n't have to worry about it slipping out of your bloody hands or popping the gut sack if you go in to deep . I would definitely recommend this for real hunters .
 I bought this for the sole purpose of splitting the breast bone and pelvis when gutting deer . It works great and helps save the blade on my hunting knife .
 This was exactly the knife my husband wanted . I received it in perfect condition and in plenty of time for Christmas . Thanks Amazon !
 Truck now a days have no place to hang gauges of your liking . That door post is all right and visual .
 Excelente producto , en calidad ! mi malibu funciona en perfectas condiciones al haber sido reemplazada la anterior por la nueva . recomendado 100 por ciento .
 present for a friend made her day she uses it on her bag and she thanks me for it every time she sees me .
 Do you remember Felix the Cat and his bag of tricks ? This is the real thing ! Good tools and stuff for the car . And you can put more inside the bag -LRB- which by the way looks too good to hide in the trunk -RRB- I bought one as a gift and kept it instead!And they included batteries for the flashlight !
 Ordered Moog strut rod bushings for my 97 Tbird . I have bought Moog brand parts in the past and i stand by their high quality and reputation.Shipping was quick received in only a few days.If any probs occur i will update this review
 Noticeably cuts down on wind and noise . The item sent to me was black , as advertised . It did not have flaps coming down the neck as shown in the picture .
 I purchased a set for my husband last year and for my 1997 Toyota 4-runner this year and just installed them . I bought the black and cream front bucket seats only and they look wonderful . Very easy to install and in fact was easier than in my husbands car so not sure if the product has been redone . My drivers seat was becoming very worn looking and now looks like I have a new car . The set I bought last January for my husband still looks very nice . He hauls guys around a lot and if they get dirty , just wipe them off . I would highly recommend them .
 I originally tried the Hella solid state relay as a replacement in my Pacbrake ... it did n't work . This far less expensive option works perfectly fine .
 Identical replacement for what we had.Otherwise not much you can say.I hope I never need to know anything else about this .
 I waited and watched and when the price hit this amount I ordered four of them -LRB- hey FREE SHIPPING -RRB- for my all Black 2000 Nissan Xterra 2x4 . I swapped my stock rubber over to these rims no problem . 265x70x15 . Now it say center cap not included and I was about to order some ; but I had a heck of a time getting the center hole size figured out . 108mm or about 4.25 inches.I waited for the rims to arrive first wow did they arrive fast ; boom on my door in about three days.Opened the boxes and guess what I found ? CENTER CAPS ... yea all right - those buggers add about 20.00 each to the price if you have to buy them ... Threw them in the back and off to the tire place . . They pulled the stock rims and tires swapped and balanced them then the bit brain finds out after ALL THAT WORK my stock lug nuts wo n't work . THEY ARE TOO SHORT and the air wrench ca n't spin them all the way down.So off and running literally looking for lug nut in the 12x1 .25 size longer than the stock ones.I found an after market tire store and at 6:00 PM they were about to leave ; but I guess with that for Lorn Puss-in Boots look at the glass door and scratching and whining I was making they relented and let me in . I had to buy 24 new lug nuts acorn style and special socket for an additional $ 100.00 . Here is the type Gorilla Automotive 21123HT Small Diameter Acorn Chrome 5 Lug Kit -LRB- 12mm x 1.25 Thread Size -RRB- - Pack Of 20 YOU NEED 24 if you have a vehicle like my Xterra ; 6 lugs per tire.Literally ran back to the tire store -LRB- A Friday what else -RRB- and made a pit stop for a 12 pack of beer for them . Hey they worked hard and fixed by brake light switch for free.Got back in about twenty minutes ; they were really surprised -LRB- hey I do n't smoke and chase the old lady all the time -RRB- ... . Got the lug nuts installed and trucking down the road.I 'll post a picture of how they look .
 About as good a gasket set as your going to get for the money . I have had good luck with Fel Pro gaskets over the years . More gaskets in this set than i needed .
 Originally ordered this several months ago based solely on part number , ignoring the old review . Once item arrived , it was indeed the wrong part . It did not have the speed sensor grooves . After talking to Amazon staff , who were extremely helpful , I was able to return the part . After waiting for a few days while Amazon looked into the part/problem , updated the picture that you see now -LRB- old one did not have the grooves -RRB- , they called me back stating that the issue was resolved . I was able to re-order the correct part , with a discount from Amazon . The part works very well and have not had any issues with it . Thank you Amazon !!!
 I have looked all over the place for this part and could only find a small number of places that sell this hub -- without ABS . And this is by far the cheapest . Most other prices were above $ 200 and a couple were even above $ 300 . I suggest you purchase from here , you might be searching for a while to find a price this low . -- SPOKE TOO SOON -- READ COMMENT
 This is a very expensive wax ... The best things in life are usually not cheap and this is a good example of you get what you pay for ! I 'm not sure that I can discribe this wax in a way that will be beneficial to the reader . I have used many high end waxes in the past and this one is truly amazing . It is very easy to use , smells great and leave a wonderful shine . With it being unlimited refills for life it makes it more appealing to those who use alot of wax . The container is really neat too !
 I had iPod connections and wires color WHITE that stood out like a sore thumb in my grey/black interior car - this product sprayed on and voila , everything is black , even the flexible wires , and it is holding up well . No peeling , looks good - one note though
 The review noting this stuff is mostly flexible paint is mostly right ... but this stuff is far from junk . I used it to paint the backrest of my vinyl bench seat in my truck -LRB- originally brown -RRB- in Summer 2011 , and only recently has the brown come through again after daily use . That being said , I did a really quick job and also spray painted the seat before it was going to rain -LRB- humid conditions -RRB- . Around the same time , I also used the paint on hard plastic surfaces and vinyl door panels , albeit with better preparation and ideal conditions . They look just as good as the day I painted them . So clearly surfaces exposed to regular use will wear faster than those rarely ever touched , just like any paint.Now what I do n't really prefer is how shiny the parts do turn out as also mentioned . It a bit too much on subtle pieces , but can work both ways . I used this on the air vents in the same truck . Now they are distractingly shiny . Good looking , but I actually preferred them unpainted over `` bling '' . I hear Duplicolor 's Vinyl Dye does n't have this shine , but I have n't heard good about Duplicolor . Next project I 'll probably find some scrap plastic and try Duplicolor and SEM 's vinyl dyes and see .
 Thicker boot compared to the paper thin OEM joints thatFord used on the car.New lock ring and cotter pin and nut.be sure to put some grease on the body of the jointbefore you press it back in with the OTC Tool on amazon .
 Moog Ball Joints mean a QUALITY Ride!Well made , in Mexico , not USA.Getting tired of all these `` globally sourced '' parts from all the retailers .
 The tank arrived without a scratch or dent . It fit Dad 's 1981 F150 perfectly . Not much more to say about it . Spectra has always been a quality outfit , in my experience .
 I got this to fix my van as the Anti-Lock light was on . After a quick check with the dealer , as the ABS Pump and Master Cylinder were on lifetime warranty due to a recall , they told me which wheel sensor was bad . They wanted $ 400 for parts and labor to fix the sensor.This product is a Raybestos PG Plus product that is WAY above some of the competitors ' products -LRB- including the replacement available at the Chrysler dealer -RRB- in quality.The wire was larger and better protected than the other ones I 've seen . Obviously this is much better than the original OEM installed . Even the new dealer replacement was much thinner than this one and that 's one of the reasons it failed in the first place . You NEED to have a strong rubber cover to protect the wires from road debris . This one has a great cover and I can tell it will last for years.Buying this product from Amazon meant a cheaper price than anywhere else I could find ! We all know the dealer price was way off the charts , so I looked everywhere for better prices . I had been getting great prices on my K&N ; air and oil filters here -LRB- Amazon -RRB- and even found better prices here for high end drilled and slotted brake rotors -LRB- also Raybestos -RRB- and shocks -LRB- Monroe -RRB- . Imagine , Amazon `` books '' having high quality auto parts at super low prices !!! The local auto parts stores -LRB- three different chains -RRB- wanted over $ 120 for this -LRB- 2009 prices -RRB- , and another place I order from online , -LSB- ... -RSB- still wanted almost $ 100 for this plus shipping . Got it here on Amazon for less than $ 70 delivered!I installed it two months ago and still looks new . Now it 's time to do the other side because I do n't want any issue with brakes failing at the wrong time . Since I paid about 1/2 of the local store 's prices , I ca n't justify NOT buying the other side and changing it out too . It has n't `` failed '' yet , but the same cheap rubber sheath is cracked and peeling away from the inside wires and it 's worth the safety factor.Remember most of these sensors have different part numbers for each wheel of the vehicle . Make sure you get the right one !
 Great price on this new Delphi compressor , easy replacement ac makes ice cold air !! Looked everywhere on the web and as always Amazon beats everyones price !!
 Exactly what i needed for quick small stuff . professional mechanic use everyday . very helpful to me . even plastic intake manifolds are no sweat . you will love this gun . very light and effortless to use .
 This worked fine . I had plenty of hose , and the fittings made the job a cinch . I would buy it again .
 The joints are plastic and weak . Had to go mad get mental ones from the hardware state . Otherwise good thanks
 Arrived early and the price was good . The only problem that I have is that I 'm a moron and did n't need this extra tubing . I 'll keep it though , because I 'm sure I 'll need it eventually and it was too cheap to return .
 I had originally ordered a new turbo boost gauge to trouble shoot my Turbo engine . My original one was white and less than half the thickness . After reworking the line passage , I still had trouble with the white tubing and it eventually gave up and broke into 3 pieces . I have been using the sunpro tubing kit for 14 months now and I have had no trouble whatsoever-I mean I have n't had to re-position or replace it . I like the fact that it is clear for easy inspection . I would buy this stuff again and again .
 this tube kit fit nicely to the Sunpro vacuum gauge . the material used is high quality . the nipple and tee are high quality metal and plastic , respectively .
 I just replaced the upper control arms on our 2002 Lincoln Navigator . These Moog parts fit perfectly , and are of very high quality . Highly recommended !
 I replaced Upper Control Arms ; Lower Ball Joints and an inner Tie-rod end in addition to the Pitman Arm on the front-end of my 1998 F150 - all with Moog parts and all fit exactly as advertised with no problems.I was pleasantly surprised to find `` Made in the USA '' on each of them.With the new parts in and the alignment done , I really noticed the tighter , quieter ride .
 I would definitly buy this product . I works great and easy to install . My truck works great.Worth the money . Had no problems installing it .
 Great Price for Moog parts . The boot is a little frail though . Other than that . great .
 My wires are neat and stable with this great looking product . Keeps the ignition stable on my sailboat motor which is necessary .
 When the end of my dipstick fell off , this solved the problem.It has two neat little guides to keep it centered , and it is the same length and has the same markings as the dipstick that came with the car .
 My dipstick for my 2000 beetle the end part where you pull on it was old and broke , my car was down getting a rebuild and this came while it was still in the shop . GREAT TIMING !!!! Worth the price i paid thank you CRP !!!!!!
 This knob is fine , only my wife did n't like it ... you can install it easily and fast , but there 's a little observation I had to use some glue to keep it really fixed
 Total satisfaction , works perfectly , everything ok , this product its ok , and it can be recommended for others users without doubt
 All i can say is fresh !!!!! Factory new , new old stock component , completely sealed and boxed , it even came w / original ford keys !!
 The Superwinch Mount Kit was the correct mount for my Honda 350 Rancher . Easy to install . No problems with shipment and received all parts necessary .
 Could n't find this winch mount just anywhere . This was the best price I found anywhere . It is heavy duty and is model specific to your ATV .
 The mount has worked perfectly for what we needed . It fit great on our Honda Rancher and was pretty easy to install .
 for a few bucks you can not complain and i will do it again if needed cheap and works always good
 I SHOPPED AROUND FOR QUIT SOME TIME TO FIND THE COVER I LIKED . THIS ONE COST A LITTLE MORE THAN I WANTED TO SPEND , BUT IT IS WELL WORTH IT . EASY TO INSTALL
 I bought these fog lights because they were cheap . I live in the mountains where there is a lot of fog . They worked so great for my jeep , I bought them for my subaru , and I will buy them again .
 Despite product description stating wheels do not come with center caps - they in fact DID . The came with the Smooth chrome steel center cap as in the product image.The wheels came as described well packaged , no issues with tire balance etc. ** Beware on 2 of the wheels the center cap came dislodged in the package and damaged the finish on the wheel
 These sway bar links are a little different design than the originals but the changes make the car ride and handle much better . Worth every penny .
 Easy to install ... noticed u clamps provided are tight and have to be hit with a hammer into place ... Great mount
 I like these gloves very much . They are light , fit very well , and very comfortable . You do n't loose very much feeling from wearing them . 85 % cow hide leather , 5 % nylon , 5 % aeroprene , 5 % syn leather . Lining 100 % polyester . All the protection on the knuckles and fingers is foam based and flexible . I have not taken a spill on them yet but they should do the job nicely . Made in china . You always get what you pay for . But I think these are a good value . They are much more expensive at my local stores .
 fit is very good , offers great protection -LRB- at this price point -RRB- . only complaint would be that alot of black -LRB- dye ? -RRB- transfers to my hands -LRB- from the inside of the gloves -RRB- , I hope that this diminishes with usage .
 These gloves are awesome . Since the first time I put them on they felt really good . The padding is perfect and so is the fit and just by looking at them you can tell that they are very well made . Worth every penny .
 These gloves are really comfortable - they mold well to your hand and have a natural curve to the fingers that works for riding . They are pretty good at blocking wind , but my hands still get cold at any speeds above 30-40 mph .
 I studied and shopped for shocks to improve the ride and bring some new life back into my 97 Chevy Silverado . The truck is in overall great shape , but the ride and handling had begun to deteriorate and it was no fun to drive anymore.I installed these Edelbrock shocks and the problems were solved . The ride and handling are as good as a new truck . I wish I had installed them much earlier . They are somewhat expensive , but if you want to update an older vehicle and avoid a new car note , these shocks are a great investment .
 I was a little hesitant to purchase such a simple locking device but it works ! The safety wire is spring loaded and keeps the bolts from loosening . I would purchase another set if I had another hot rod !
 In the past i have had header gasket leaks from my header bolts loosening . These bolts were easily installed and provided a peace of mind that the bolts can not loosen . They were an excellent value compared with other bolts on the market .
 Product worked exceptionally well . It was an easy installation . The price was competitive . I would recommend this product an an acceptable repair .
 I had to redrill some of the holes to match and the supplied bolts were too small , so I had to reuse existing bolts , probably to cover variables in different years that this part covers . But , other than that , this is a good product.Everyone with a f150-bronco and/or explorer needs to examine theirs . These things are prone to cracks and failures , especially where the caustic road de-icer is used . . Replace them NOW if you see excessive rust or stress fractures . You do n't want to think about what could happen if one of them lets loose.The price fluctuations on amazon are a bit irritating . This thing went up $ 15 in price one night then a week later it was back to the price it was at when I started watching it .
 The radius arm bushings were so bad that the radius arm was rubbing on the bracket . This kit was a snap to install . The difficult part was grinding the old rivets off from the original one , and not any thing else . Might I suggest a large die grinder .
 The Sunpro gauge set is very nice and well constructed . The smaller size makes them compact and not as intrusive in a classic car . They fit neatly and out of the way under the dash and included all the necessary hard ware to install .
 The volt gauge is a little jumpy but all in all they look great and work great . The red needles are much easier to see over white ones .
 this is a great little gauge set if space is limited . sun has been around a long time and still make a good product .
 I checked these three against known guages , all three appear to be accurate within visible limits -LRB- They are small ! -RRB- I just wish I could buy them separately . I need another temp gauge .
 This bra got the attention of almost everyone driving by . Including some negative attention if you were driving your wife 's car ... lol What can I say some guys just are intimidated by purple . Kids always called my car the hot wheels car . It is a white civic with purple rims and purple bra with decals . You 'll see it just look at the pic I uploaded . After three years we hit a massive summer of sun and the purple faded to pink . One bath overnight in some purple ritz fixed it right back up .
 Needed a NEW replacement Motorcraft SW5624 Headlight Switch with built in Fog Light Switch for my 2001 Ford Excursion Limited 4X4 Diesel . Ford Parts , Ebay and others had it for nearly a hundred dollars more . I found it NEW through Amazon.com and I am happy . However I must note that I later found it NEW on Internet for even less . $ 21.00 less to be exact and with free shipping . OH well , I again paid too much for something though the Internet . It 's sad there is not a Truly Reliable System through Google or else where to truly locate items for the very lowest price , including shipping . But sadly that 's the American way , which is to take unfair at atvantage of our neighbors . F.T.N. is the acronym for this sort of happening .
 Should last longer than my OE due to grease fitting . No install issues . I also bought the matching lower Ball Joint with grease fitting . May as well do them both at the same time , cause they 're both worn out .
 This is a great part . It fit like it should , is great quality , and saved me $ 60 for the pair from going to O'Reilly . Moog is the brand to beat .
 I found a great prices in all my new parts and my shipment was received in exelent condition only in four days ... that was amazing .
 Great Fast Product . However the color will fade in time/heat/weather ! But for Show . . The Best I 've Seen on Plastic Material
 This paint dries very fast and worked exellent on my Wrangler rims . Best chrome paint I ever used.Follow instruction and it wil do wonders for you . I made sure my rims were clean and lightly sanded . I `` ll let you know how it works on my plastic hood latches .
 I received my first shipment of the Superwinch 2202380 mount kit . Mounting bracket appeared to be specific to my 2002 Arctic Cat but found NO roller fairlead in the package . Product description was `` roller fairlead included '' . I thought the shipment was incomplete , returned it to Amazon.com and received a second shipment . Again did not include the roller fairlead . This mount kit from Superwinch DOES NOT INCLUDE THE ROLLER FAIRLEAD . Amazon.com made it right with me . Very satisfied with Amazon.com . The mounting bracket was an exact fit for my 2002 Arctic Cat and installed easily .
 The Superwinch 2202380 mounting kit fit my Arctic Cat 500 perfect . It 's built strong , dose not interfere with the front bumper . The perfect match to the 3500 lbs . winch .
 The Superwinch Winch mount is a great product it fit perfect on my 2004 Arctic Cat 400 4x4 . the mount was easy to install and looks great . The mount is well built and I am pleased that superwinch took into account the Arctic Cat is an oil cooled machine and designed the mount with holes to insure adequate airflow to the oil cooler . I am very pleased with Superwinch products and will continue to purchase these great products.Superwinch 2202380 Mount Kit
 vehicle = 2005 arctic cat 400 auto 4x4 I installed this with superwinch lt2000 and fits perfectly no modifications just take the four torx head bolt off your front plastic cover and use those bolts for the install . The bolts are built for it they took that into account when building the arctic cat the roller fairlead will have to be loosened and dropped lower to pull your cable hook through then tighten it back up the way it was . I installed my winch in the second bolt holes and it just barely gets into the oil cooler plastic mesh guard but it will not be a problem .
 I had to carefully hammer the flanges due to non-factory options on my truck . I replaced the fuel pump at the same time . The fuel pump has the rubber ring and the gas tank has the metal lock ring .
 This fuel tank matched my old 1 perfectly . The only problem I had was finding the rubber grommet for the breather .
 I have had an Access cover on my 2002 GMC for over 7 years and could n't be more satisfied . I use the truck for light construction and river guiding in Maine so it sees some bad conditions and gets a lot of use . It was the only cover I could find at the time that could be used in conjunction with a TracRac truck rack system -LRB- It fits if you reverse the rails on the TracRac and put the side tee rails outboard -RRB- . Pluses are the cover has the heaviest material I have seen on a tonneau and it still shows very little wear . It also does a good job of keeping the rain out since the front and back overlap the body and tailgate well . The Velco side seal works great after a lot of use with dust , dirt , pine needles and freezing weather . I have never had it freeze down and have used it at -20 degrees . The top fits nice and tight and looks like a solid cover when closed.On the minus side , the pull chord latch is n't as easy to use as the lever latches on some other cover designs.In summary this is the gold standard of tonneau covers .
 I got the bolts and spacers that were missing in the original package a few days after calling the factory and verifying the serial # . Installation was straightforward , except that one of the holes for the bolts to go through the side rails was not pre-drilled as it was supposed to be . So after unbolting the other 3 bolts and drilling the 4th hole the installation went well and the cover looks great .
 Installed this cover on a 2012 Toyota Tacoma . As part of the installation of the cover , we wanted to insure the deck railing system was not compromised by the bracket installation . The Access model installs behind the deck rails , leaving the deck rail system operational . The installation took about an hour with two people doing the work . Though the work could have been done with one person , the availability of two people allowed the assistance with the re-installation of the deck rail system , and other long parts . When installing the Velcro brackets on the truck , be sure the weather stripping does not get folded over . This may cause water to seep into the truck bed.The cover has been installed for at least 3-4 months now . We have not had any issues with water leaking into the truck . My husband finds the ability to quickly roll/unroll the cover to be convenient . It met all our expectations for a Tonneau Cover .
 Bought these to finish off a 55 Chev in the shop . I was very happy with how easy it sprayed and how well it looked . A very nice gray with subtle white specks . This paint does n't cover the greatest and I would recommend putting down a gray primer -LRB- or maybe even just plain gray rattle can -RRB- before this stuff . It will take double the coats if you do n't . Took 2 cans to do the underside of the trunk lid without priming it gray first -LRB- the color was a medium blue -RRB- , and it took 2 cans to do the whole inside of the trunk area , after priming it gray first . Warning ! This stuff does dry very fast at all ! This stuff almost sprays like tinted drywall texture . Allow plenty of time between coats . I used a heat lamp to cure , and it still took over an hour to dry .
 I like these gloves very much . They are light , fit very well , and very comfortable . You do n't loose very much feeling from wearing them . 85 % cow hide leather , 5 % nylon , 5 % aeroprene , 5 % syn leather . Lining 100 % polyester . All the protection on the knuckles and fingers is foam based and flexible . I have not taken a spill on them yet but they should do the job nicely . Made in china . You always get what you pay for . But I think these are a good value . They are much more expensive at my local stores .
 fit is very good , offers great protection -LRB- at this price point -RRB- . only complaint would be that alot of black -LRB- dye ? -RRB- transfers to my hands -LRB- from the inside of the gloves -RRB- , I hope that this diminishes with usage .
 These gloves are awesome . Since the first time I put them on they felt really good . The padding is perfect and so is the fit and just by looking at them you can tell that they are very well made . Worth every penny .
 These gloves are really comfortable - they mold well to your hand and have a natural curve to the fingers that works for riding . They are pretty good at blocking wind , but my hands still get cold at any speeds above 30-40 mph .
 This is a great bag with tons of room , many different compartments , rugged , more than what was described . It has a zipper that has a rain covering for when you need to ensure the bag does n't get saturated by the weather . I have now bought two of these bags , one for my mom and myself.TAD
 I was pleased with rack bag when I received it . The price was very good and the quality was also good .
 I bought two sets of these bags and I am really happy with them . I did n't know about the front drop down on the side bags , but after using them my wife and I both love the setup . The only problem which is probably true about any bag is that dust gums up the zippers . Once free they move fine . Overall these are great bags .
 This is a great product ! And if you 've checked the official Honda or other ATV makers they want twice as much money . It has a ton of room in it , stays on nice and securely . We pack the cooler and it stays in place and keeps the drinks nice and cold . Highly recommend !!
 Just got two sets of these bags and hit the trails for 5 days . Mud was no problem , but dust gummed up the zippers . I think this is typical and once they were free there was no problem.I did n't know if I would like the front drop down on the side bags but they are really handy . Plenty of pockets and the large bag across the back in much better than the typical larger side bags . Great bags .
 exelente producto , saludos me gusta y esta super muy bueno exelente articulo para cuatrimotos buenisimo equipo de caja y mucho
 This is the second Class I receiver I have mounted on one of my vehicles . This one was the easiest of the two . You do have to fish a bolt and washer through a frame member to get the bolt to protrude through a hole , but it was n't as hard as it seemed it would be.The only real trick is tightening the two horizontal bolts . You need a really long ratchet extension to reach these nuts .
 Very well executed , sturdy hitch receiver , fits perfect , and barely noticed when installed . Installation does not required excessive skills , time or tools . It took me about 1.5 hours to complete the job in a garage without ramp or pit . Fishing for bolt and washer was much easier , than I have expected and was actually fun . As somebody mentioned before , tightening the two horizontal bolts is most time consuming - the space is limited there , so you have tight by really small steps . Unlike cheaper analog - Reese Towpower 77150 Insta-Hitch Class I Hitch Receiver - this Curt hitch opening takes any class I and II hitch mounts from any manufacturers . I have returned Reese Towpower 77150 Insta-Hitch Class I Hitch Receiver back to amazon because it did not accept non-Reese equipment .
 Clearly well-made
 We got the CURT Manufacturing 11338 Class 1 Trailer Hitch for our 2009 Mazda 5 touring edition . As the owner 's manual stated it was n't meant for towing we were a bit hesitant , but we had no issues whatsoever . We actually drove across the country with it carrying 2 approximately 60 pound bags , four sleeping bags , and a tent . No issues whatsoever . It was so nice to have the extra carrying space and not have to worry about it . This is a nice sturdy hitch .
 I realy like it easy to install and works just fine . Me gusto , facil de instalar y funciona muy bien realmente lo recomiendo .
 Did not take very long to install at all -LRB- used a pair of ramps to get some working room -RRB- . Installed on a 2010 Mazda 5 without any fitment issues . I did have to drill but that was easy with a basic bit as your just widening an existing hole.It is heavy to hold while trying to bolt down so a helper is recommended but I did solo .
 Hey ! That 's a good paint job.Hey , it fit the holes in the car . Hey , that bolt fishing wire is a phenomenal invention , made the job fast and easy , about 25 minutes . The 3/8 bolts are too short . They are of the carriage bolt type and a plate with square punchout is provided but not good for this application . Get 5 '' bolts and locknuts and wrench and ratchet . This was the only dilema . There was also no extra packing in box so it came with a hole in the box . However the extras are taped to the hitch with lots of tape .
 Ordered Moog strut rod bushings for my 97 Tbird . I have bought Moog brand parts in the past and i stand by their high quality and reputation.Shipping was quick received in only a few days.Came in a white box but after checking closely i verified they are genuine Moog parts.Will be installing next week . If any probs occur , i will update this review .
 i wanted to replace a front plate on my recently acquired vehicle and found this one . I do love cats and i liked the plate design . it arrived on time , very well packaged for shipping and was in perfect shape . Very easy to put on my vehicle . There are lots of vehicle identical to mine and this plate makes mine a little more unique . Love the plate .
 It was what it was supposed to be and was what I wanted . It fit and worked for my application .
 The last time I replaced this pump was when the car had about 63,000 miles . I now have 151,000 miles and it starterd to make a noise in the tank , we call it cavatating , but kept pumping , but I did n't trust it out of the city , so found the O.E. type pump here and its a quiet unit . Highly would suggest getting this one , as it comes with all the extra parts the screens and clamps hose etc. .
 I bought the pants for the following season , which starts in couple of months here . I just tried it on me and did n't have a chance to ride yet . The material is very good and the pants fit me perfect . The size is exactly the same as my usual jeans size .
 Nissan no longer sells radiator hoses for the old Datsun 210 -LRB- my first car -- still have it -RRB- , so it 's aftermarket time . Shape-wise , this Gates looks like the closest to OEM . A little cutting and flexing will be required when the time comes , but I compared this to an old , worn-out original hose now off the car , and I 'm pretty sure this will get it .
 This mounting kit made mounting my Superwinch Terra 35 to my 2004 Honda Foreman 450 ES very easy . It was a little difficult lining up all of the bolt holes but nothing to difficult .
 Decided to go for the used fob as seemed the better value vs. considerably higher priced new ones . Arrived in timely manner , programmed it per provided instructions and back in business . Programming instructions are clear enough , just weird steps it puts you thru !
 My old remote was completely ruined and I wanted a new one . . Like always Toyota dealers were trying to rip me offf with a new one for about 150 +100 -LRB- programming -RRB- ... I purchased for a real damn good price and made it to work following the step in 5 min ... Thanks guys !!!
 My old one quit working and I had to use the key to unlock the doors every time.I did n't mind the doors so much but there is no key hole for the trunk , I had toopen the door and then pull the lever to open the trunk.The dealer wanted over $ 100 for one , Plus a charge to program it for me.I received this one fast with easy to follow instructionsIn just three steps I had it working and it still works greatI would highly recommend it
 A fob from Toyota would have cost me $ 140.00 plus $ 50.00 to program it . The Amazon Fob was $ 50.00 , big savings . The programming information paper that came with the Fob was for a Toyota truck and not car , but it worked anyway . I am very happy with the Fob .
 Well let 's just say . I am a happy camper . The instructions were as valuable as the remote . Timely service , delivery etc. . Will do business again with this company . Obviously they do a fair amount of business which in my mind helps me to feel more comfortable . Saving a few nickels using a company that does lower volume may end in drama if there are any problems along the way . Do n't get me wrong I always shop price , but consider the reliability factor of volume and rating . Of course keeping in mind there may be some unreasonable customers and hence no company has a 100 % perfect rating . Food-for-thought .
 I like these gloves very much . They are light , fit very well , and very comfortable . You do n't loose very much feeling from wearing them . 85 % cow hide leather , 5 % nylon , 5 % aeroprene , 5 % syn leather . Lining 100 % polyester . All the protection on the knuckles and fingers is foam based and flexible . I have not taken a spill on them yet but they should do the job nicely . Made in china . You always get what you pay for . But I think these are a good value . They are much more expensive at my local stores .
 fit is very good , offers great protection -LRB- at this price point -RRB- . only complaint would be that alot of black -LRB- dye ? -RRB- transfers to my hands -LRB- from the inside of the gloves -RRB- , I hope that this diminishes with usage .
 These gloves are awesome . Since the first time I put them on they felt really good . The padding is perfect and so is the fit and just by looking at them you can tell that they are very well made . Worth every penny .
 These gloves are really comfortable - they mold well to your hand and have a natural curve to the fingers that works for riding . They are pretty good at blocking wind , but my hands still get cold at any speeds above 30-40 mph .
 This is an OEM item so it works perfectly . Just be careful during installation that it is installed perfectly flat . Mine was tweaked a tiny tiny bit , and the transfer case whined/whistled on the test drive . I reseated the sensor and it was fine .
 I was extremely pleased with the purchase of my winch mounting kit . I could n't beat the price , delivery was fast and it installed perfectly onto my 2002 Yamaha Grizzly ATV and the Superwinch ATV2500 winch mounted perfectly onto the mounting plate . The only flaw is in the design of the mount plate itself . The plate is not cut back far enough between the roller fairlead and the winch and so the cable actually rubs on the mounting plate as it travels . It already wore down the plate in a couple of places causing the cable to fray and brake once . I will need to grind or cut away the mounting plate a bit to give the cable clear space to travel . All in all a good deal .
 I used this to seal my new water pump . put a thin coating on both sides of the gasket surface ! Works Great ! Bone dry ! Use this with confidence !
 I am satisfied with my purchase from Amazon.com.The description of what I purchased was accurate.The shipping was fast .
 Amazon 's photo is incorrect as of 6/19/2012 - I submitted a ticket about it . I added a picture to the user area to show you the right item.It 's the perfect switch for my application . Solid feel and great quality . I 've purchased about 10 for various things . I have used the Hella switches over many yeas and they have proven to be reliable . I would buy them again .
 The hose feels solid and handles like it is what they say it is . It looks like inexpensive general purpose heater hose material with a spartan single layer of cloth reinforcement.Tight worm clamps do not seem to cut or tear the hose which is a good sign.It 's pretty flexible yet does n't seem to kink when bent into a 3 '' radius -- another good sign.I do n't know yet if the hose will get mushy around oil and grease . You can be sure I 'll post something if it gets mushy .
 Let me start by saying that this is a very good product and it 's half the price of the 3 * brand . I used it to secure a windshield molding on one of my cars and it work great .
 Used this product to re-attach the weather-stripping that came off my Tonneau hard cover on my ram truck after 10 years . Followed the directions and the product worked just as advertised . Great product that does what it says it will .
 originally bought to fix seal around engine compartment cover on a boat . since used it to fix my rubber boots , re-attach loose weather seals on my car , and fixed a few other things that would normally need rubber cement to fix . this glue works amazingly well and can use thick beads and still have durability
 For anyone replacing weatherstripping this stuff is a must have . Works great . Starts sticking right away and has held for 6 months with no problems noticed . will continue to use for all my weather-stripping needs .
 I worked really well , glad it did because nothing else i ordered for the car was right ... thanks to all of yall
 We had previously tried to glue the weather strip using superglue , but it did n't work . I followed the directions on the package and the weatherstrip adhered well . I would recommend this product
 GOOD STUFF AND GREAT PRICE . I USE THIS STUFF IN MY GLASS SHOP AND NEVER HAD A PROBLEM . THIS WAS A GOOD DEAL FROM AMAZON . THE PRICE IN THE STORES WAS A LOT MORE .
 I have a classic bronco which had a door seal that kept trying to fall down . I followed the directions on the tube , used some clamps to hold the seal in place while it set and it has n't come off again since then . I would recommend this stuff to anyone !
 This stuff is a must to get your weatherstriping installed in any car . Easy to use and designed for the job .
 We installed this on my neighbors Ford Tarus wagon . He had this terrible grinding noise when ever he turned the steering wheel . These mount above the coil spring/strut in these card . It allows the spring to rotate freely when you turn the steering wheel . It was an easy repair and a lot cheaper than buying it at an auto parts store .
 This is a must have if you own a mini . Before , as I open the glove box , things would just fall out . So I do n't put many things in there.Now , everything is organized and does NOT fall out as the glove box is opened . I actually have more room to store my other junk . Lots more actually ! I 've run out of ideas as to what I would store in it.The picture provided by the vendor is very accurate . Construction is velvet all around and extremely close to matching the dark grey interior . It provides an additional layer of storage and for fits the glove box door to prevent things from moving from one shelf to the bottom . the fit is snugged and exact so there 's no need to worry about it vibrating -LRB- at least I have n't noticed it yet in the houston bumpy roadds -RRB- .
 I would recommend every mini cooper owner upgrade your glovebox with it ! It is not that expensive but it is really worth that price .
 I think it was a good deal and it fit like a Gove on a handfits great , also fast shipping and a Hell of a price thankyou ...
 This was just what I needed for my Mini ! It fits like a glove , matches perfectly -LRB- as it it came with the car -RRB- , creates more storage , and things no longer fall out ! Thanks very much !
 This little organizer got here in a hurry and organized my glovebox!First , it fits perfectly in my 2006 Hardtop Cooper S glovebox . Second , it holds everything I had in there . Third , nothing falls out when I open it anymore!Really , what more could I ask for ? Why did I wait 4 years to buy this ? I would recommend that everyone with a MINI needs one of these ... really , it should come standard !
 Fits like a glove ... box ! Would recommend for anyone with a Mini who wants organization .
 This glove box organizer fits perfectly in my 2006 MINI glove box . I only wish it 's compartments were the same size as my CD cases . They seem to be made for older style cassettes . Still it really works to keep all my stuff from falling out every time I open the glove box .
 This is one of the best organizers I 've purchased . Felt blends right in and there 's no need for clamps and screws . If you have been thinking about purchasing , get it . My only qualm was that there was no packaging . Item just arrived in the box .
 This organizer is just what the glove box needed . This is a nicely made piece and fits perfect . It keeps your stuff and MP3 player from sliding around in the glove box . It has a couple of compartments of different sizes for keeping your stuff organized . It is a definite must by for all mini owners .
 Yes this is the correct part number for a Speed Sensor on a E series Ford van BUT seems there is a sub part number you need to be aware of as the holes for mounting it are different . Same basic part number but different sub part number.I gave it all 5 stars as it 's hard to not like Motorcraft parts , and Amazon took the part back no questions - they have a great - the best - return system !!!
 As described . Had to use PB penetrant to get the big bolt off . This worked fine but my problem ended up being a frayed wire on the overdrive switch wire on the gear shifter .
 Worked perfectly for my Mustang GT 4x4 project . These were less than half the price of the EXACT model Discount Auto was going to sell me locally.These have a grease fitting on them , so make sure to pick up a grease gun , and some grease to fill these things up . Just rent a press at your local automotive shop -LRB- should be around a hundred dollars -RRB- and press the old ones out , and press these in . I would recommend taking some sand paper to the inside of your control arm once the old ball joints are out , as well as putting some anti-seize on the mating surface before pressing the new ones in . The anti-seize will make this job a lot easier if you need to do it again .
 They are a completly sealed bearing and appear to run well . Have not had a chance to take them on the road but they appear to work fine
 Love my new bag . Seems to be a tough material , even though I would have prefered leather . I 'm extremely happy to have found the product at a much cheaper rate than what the manufacturer offered . Looks good on the bike too .
 These brake rotors are very bit as advertised . Although just replaced and have low mileage , the braking power is extremely high . Price was very good and the delivery was excellent . Am extremely happy with my decision .
 Great product and fast shipping . I would much rather have spent the money on this product for my customers . This is exact fit and function to the original equipment part from Ford , and it helped me keep costs down so I could save my customer money . Will look for more deals like this on Amazon . Steve Brown , Owner at Steve Brown Automotive LLC .
 I bought these for my husband 's birthday . I was so surprised that they were that easy to install . The only problem was the headrest . Did n't fit very well . They look very nice and will be easy to clean .
 easy to install , blocks our a lot of dust , and is a good prefilter for k & n type filter . Do n't have to clean air filter as much . Good buy .
 Product fits like a glove . Easy to install and had great instructions , even though I did n't have to read them . Thank you .
 I put it on a Suzuki Eiger 4x4 and pull my 8x16 ice castle onto the lake.Alot stronger hitch then the factory one .
 This meter works very well , gives all the readings needed . I had no trouble using but did find the unit does not store any data .
 These meters are very handy for monitoring solar array output and load . If the watts in falls below watts out , you 're running down the battery.You might wonder , for example , how much load to turn off on a cloudy day.They 're particularlly useful with MPPT controllers , which allow the array output to be any old voltage and convert it to 12v . I snip off the jacks and solder on my own , to match the solar convention I use.That this is called a toy is way off the mark , incidentally .
 For the 2009 Ford Escape Hybrid , this is the filter for the battery cooling system . This filter installs in the rear cargo area . -LRB- There is a small panel on the driver 's side of the rear cargo area . Remove this panel , then another panel immediately behind the first one , then slide out the filter . -RRB- This is not the air filter for the passenger heating and cooling system . If you 're looking for a filter for the passenger HVAC , you want Motorcraft FP66 . There is some confusion surrounding these two filters because they 're both listed as `` cabin air filter '' in the Ford parts catalog .
 The Ford Escape Hybrid manual says this filter should be replaced every 10-20k miles . It is very very easy to replace ; no hand tools are required ! You wo n't even get your hands dirty . The filter has a small arrow on one side which indicates the direction of air flow . In this case , the air flows down , so the arrow should point down when you install the filter.The filter installs in a small door in the left rear of the vehicle . Installation takes about 1 minute -LRB- if that -RRB- . My local dealer quoted $ 75 to replace this filter ! I usually write the date and mileage on the filter when I install it so I can easily track how long it 's been since it was replaced .
 You love your Ford Escape Hybrid and I love mine . One of the reasons why I 'm so enamored of this vehicle is that it 's ongoing maintenance costs are the lowest of any vehicle I 've ever owned , and I 've had a lot of cars over my lifetime . What vehicle delivers 115,000 miles on the original brakes ? Who gets 32-34 mpg in day-to-day driving with a truck?OK , about the filter . The one item I 've noticed on my service invoices from the Ford dealer that seems expensive is the $ 44.00 for the hybrid system air filter . The very same filter is available from amazon.com for $ 15.00 ! And it 's the easiest thing to replace on your car . Just open the liftgate in back , open the plastic panel on the left , un-clip the small black panel in the air intake vent and slide out the old filter . Slide the new filter in , snap on the black panel and pop on the side plastic panel . Done . You 've optimized the hybrid cooling system -LRB- extending the life of your hybrid battery ... which , by the way , seems to be in the 200K + range -RRB- and saved some money .
 These filters cost around $ 50.00 from the dealer . Saved big bucks by buying it here on Amazon . It is identical in every way to the original factory filter that I took out of our 2008 Escape Hybrid . I like having my vehicles serviced at my Ford dealership , but am not about to over pay for parts . If they are only a few dollars higher than aftermarket prices , I will not make the extra effort to find parts elsewhere . But when you pay over 50 % less from Amazon on this part , you have to go for it.And the frosting on the cake is no Illinois sales tax . I so love depriving the reckless idiots in Springfield , of as much of my money as possible .
 Have hung this watch on my golf bag . Is easy to read , convenant , and looks good . Did not give five stars because the ring that holdes the watch to the hook is split and not solid . If you were to get caught on somthing it would come off .
 Part made by Federal Mougal which is a respected brand name . Included all necessary bolts and hardware . Seems to be of excellent quality and made in Mexico rather than China .
 I ordered this tire to replace the OEM knobby Dunlop that came on my Kawasaki KLR650 . I needed a tire that 's more street orientated as I seldom , if ever , go on dirt . This Pirelli Scorpion MT90ST really grips the road and tracks a lot straighter and I do n't get that buzzing sound from the knobby . My confidence with riding on wet asphalt has increased dramatically -LRB- but not to the point of being stupid -RRB- . The original Dunlop still has some tread left on it but the rear was almost bald with less than 3000 miles on it so I changed both at the same time . I 've read that this tire should far surpass the mileage I got from the OEM tires -LRB- I hope so as changing motorcycle tires is no fun -RRB- . This tire was sold through Amazon.com by Motorcycle Accessory Warehouse and I have high praise for this company . They respond to e-mails and kept me posted as far as where my order was . I could n't believe how fast I received it . Bottom line ... excellent tire , excellent price , excellent company ... buy it !!!!!
 Got this for my 2003 volvo xc 70 and it fits and works well . Comes with a new rubber O ring and appears to be made of quality material .
 The filter has plastic end caps with felt &#34; gasket &#34; at the inner diameters on either end . It 's made in the USA and costs way less here than at national chain auto parts store
 Centric premium brake rotors with the E-coating are excellent replacements for Ford Excursions , Audis , and MB 's . I wish I could order them for my Porsche also since these rotors appear to be higher in quality than the Brembo plain rotors/Zimmerman rotors for the older Porsche I own . The E-coating and non-directional surface finishing are nice features .
 These are terrific filters - stay away from cheap-o 's like fram -LRB- use YouTube to see comparisons -RRB- . These sell for a little over $ 4 at my local walmart but over $ 8 here at Amazon .
 This tip has an excellent build quality . Only gripe is once it heated up the shiny chrome dulled a bit . Kinda has a goldish hue now . Overall , I 'm happy with the buy .
 Not only functional but the burb looks real sharp now ! You have to watch not to try and install it too close to the bend in the pipe because it wo n't fit . the pipe narrows at the bend and you will not able to tighten the bolt .
 Bought this to replace the Air/Fuel ratio sensor -LRB- bank 1 sensor 1 -RRB- on a 2000 Toyota Sienna with 167k miles . This is the one against the firewall . I was a bit concerned that this was not the right part , so I checked the Beck Arnley website and it showed the same part number . Toyota calls this particularly sensor an air/fuel sensor ; Beck Arnley sells it as an O2 sensor . From what I can tell , the sensors are one and the same , but I wanted to make sure I got the right one . It was a perfect fit , though it was n't an exact duplicate of the OEM . The harness was a bit longer -LRB- that 's a good thing -RRB- . It took me many long hours to figure out a way to remove the old one , but only took 20 minutes to install the new one . This replacement has been in service for about a month now and so far so good.For those wondering , it was seemingly impossible to get to the harness connector to disconnect the old sensor . You need be able to reach the connector with two hands , one to depress the release and one to pull on the disconnect . Ultimately , I had to jack up the front of the car , remove the right front wheel , reach in through the wheel well and worked the harness free from the mounting point . Then from the bottom , attached an 18 '' self-adjusting clamp to the bottom half of the harness connector . Then from the side access , depressed the release latch , and had someone pull on the clamp to disconnect from the bottom . It took several try to get it right . In hindsight , you might be able to reach from the top behind the engine if you remove enough components . I was able to reach pretty far down later on while changing out the spark plugs on the back side but am unsure whether it would have been possible to disconnect.Hopefully I wo n't ever have to change it again .
 This 4 inch Exhaust Tip really fits my 99 Mustang GT rear valance panel beautifully . I was a little worried about the fit in my Mustang 's cut outs but it was perfect . Feel free to install this or any other 4 inch tip on your 99-04 Mustang .
 Slipped right on to my 2.5 '' exhaust pipes and clamped up snugly . Been on about 2 months now and I am very happy . Stainless finish looks great - and hopefully will for years to come .
 i ordered this along with the dist cap which i thought it was going to be mopar parts but it does look just the same
 Everything about the product is GOOD ! . Works great and easy to install , Also the shipping was extra fast and the price was the best I could find . Thanks a lot.Bill Sloan
 works as advertised easy set up be aware that you have to cut a big hole in your floor.would have been a 5 star if the shifter boot wasnt cheap , shifter works great boot is good but the ring is garbage .
 It does everything it 's suppose to very well . I have purchased other B&M products and always had great success with them.The purchase thru Amazon was shipped quickly .
 I purchased enough to completely redo my entire trailer and after i finished i had people ask do you want to sell it . you can see it for a long way .
 This was exactly what I needed to remove the spark plugs on my Honda Shadow . Thin walled to fit in the tight space but rock solid quality .
 Powersport Superstore , politely informed of the delivery date , and I recieved this tool on time . It 's a well made thin-walled socket as advertised . Although this socket truly is a thinwalled socket , I needed to grind down the wall thickness even more to make it fit my 98 ' KLR 250 . My reground wall thickness is now under 1 mm at the lower 1/2 '' of this socket ... which is scary , and makes me wonder why ANY bike munufacture would purposely design the spark plug access tolerance that close.This product is designed to fit the Honda , and most likely will fit that bike 's spark plug well , but do n't expect a miracle if you plan to use this socket on a KLR 250 .
 Neede a spare for my tool kit and this one did the job.Recommend for the quality and value . Thanks !
 Very good filter , especially if rain water keeps messing up your paper element filter , this fixes that problem.Overall a very nice built filter for the price .
 We could not beat the prices and quaility of the parts . The fit well and the shipping was fast , very pleased with the purchase .
 This is a two part review .1 st
 I bought this for my husband 's 81 chevy stepside pickup for Christmas . He absolutely loves the way they look . They seem to be good quality .
 I would of given this product a five , but did n't because it lasted only about 30k miles on our car . Our OEM one lasted twice as long with no problems other than belt slack . Other than that this product has lived up to allowing no slack in the serpentine belt . The quality and finish our excellent , but reliability could be better .
 This has 7 ribs w / 6 grooves which fits my 2004 Acura TSX perfectly . Infact it 's actually better than the belt originally came w / the car . Belt is made in Canada and not somewhere cheap/brittle like China . Japanese belt manufacturers are good too .
 Excellent belt replacement and a perfect fit for a TSX 04 . It seems to be well constructed with very good quality finishing , but best of all , this one was made in the US .
 was in the process of placing in an alternator and decided to swap belts , this one fit perfectly and had the right amount of ridges ... 3months later and no squeaks or rattles ... works perfect ...
 This was a good OE replacement for my 2005 Acura TSX . I do n't know if it 's better or worse than any of the others available , and if you were to buy on price alone , I 'm not sure where this would slide in . This review is after the fact as I replaced the belt sometime back during the early summer I think . That said , I usually do quite a bit of research before I buy , so I must have had a good reason . I 'd recommend the belt .
 Bought this as a gag gift for my Mom . She loves it and giggled when I put it on her car !
 I bought this filter after having read on several reviews that Motorcraft filters had several extras compared to the mass market leader , silicone valves , better filter material , etc.Never had problems with Motorcraft filters in over 250,000 miles .
 It 's an ignition rotor and as such really is n't too complicated . It fit as it should and works as it should .
 Motorcraft makes very good quality filters . I 've read several comparisons - one with great deal of detail and meaningful research . The results always ranked the MC filters among the very best - and usually much better than the brands you know by name.The only problem was that I did n't do much research before my purchase . I found out later that I could have purchased these at my local Trak Auto for much less .5 star quality . 1 star value on Amo .
 I do n't understand why they are so expensive on amazon , I get it every 3 months from wal-mart for less then $ 4
 Be sure to check with the Auto or Truck Manufacturer to find the correct SIZE of Oil Filter for your vehicle . Amazon 's Parts Locator says that the Motorcraft FL820S does not fit my 1995 Mercury Grand Marquis , 4.6 Litre V-8 engine . This is incorrect . The fact is that the Motorcraft FL820S is the FORD-recommended filter for my 1995 Mercury engine , and is recommended in almost every application of the Ford / Mercury/Lincoln 4.6 Litre engine size.The Motorcraft FL820S interchanges with the BOSCH 3410 , the FRAM TG2 , and the K&N ; 2010 . The Motorcraft FL820S has over 50 pleats , good flow rate , silicone anti-drainback valve , and steel end caps . It sells for under 4 dollars in the chain auto stores , and is an excellent value that 's MADE IN USA !! My car is driven in heavy traffic , desert temperatures , mountain driving , and trans-desert trips from Phoenix to L.A.The standard FORD Motorcraft Filters performed just as well as the high-dollar types -- and filtered MUCH better than the K&N ; , which has a very high flow rate -LRB- for racing -RRB- , but the low 90 % efficiency rating of the K&N ; makes it a no-no for extended oil changes . I would n't run a K&N ; oil filter for more than 3,000 miles -- you 'd just be stirring up dirty oil and pumping it through the bearings !! : > -LRB- For my American V-8 engine , I have found the best value to be the Motorcraft FL820S Oil Filter and NAPA Full Synthetic 5-W-30 , API `` SN '' rated engine oil -- which also meets the latest GM `` Dexos1 '' performance specifications . The quality of the oil filter allows for filter changing every 5,000 miles , and the engine oil is changed every 10,000 miles.For maximum oil life , be sure your PCV system is working properly -- Wash out the PCV Valve with Carb Cleaner , and check for collapsed and/or damaged PCV hoses . A leaking PCV system will suck un-filtered dirt right into your engine !! 1995 Mercury Grand Marquis RS210 HP 4.6 Litre V-8Modified Air Box w / K&N ; Filter19-lb . Bosch Fuel InjectorsAdjustable Fuel Pressure RegulatorDual Exhaust -- Walker Sound FXUrethane Control Arm BushingsUrethane Sway Bar BushingsUrethane Spring IsolatorsMOOG Coil SpringsMOOG Greaseable Ball JointsMOOG Greaseable Tie RodsGabriel Ultra Gas-Pressurized Dampers6 .5 X 15 `` Lace '' Alloy Wheels4-Speed Auto Trans w / B&M ; Kit13 ,000 BTU B&M ; Transmission Cooler
 Part Number
 These filters are made by a well-known manufacturer and have great quality , but the price is lower than buying the manufacturers equivalent name brand . Excellent quality .
 I installed this in my 1984 Dodge W-150 4x4 on top of a Wieand 4 barrel aluminum intake because for mudding the old stock single/double barrel just was n't climbing the hills and throwing enough mud for me . I call it a single/double since suppose to be a double but was small small like a single barrel on top of the 318c . i. motor in the truck . ecspecially after throwing a set of 33.5 x12 .5 mudders on the truck the old carb would n't spin a tire in the mud and now can shred the rubber off them on the asphalt . No problems slinging the mud either when you want to . Carb has performed well since I put it on , still have some minor adjustments to be mad getting the transmission kickdown right . Have to do a few modifications to hook up this carb to an older Dodge but thats half the fun if installing after market performance parts , only thing is I now think I should have gone bigger cfm but thats nothing but changing jets now basically . Have fun and enjoy the additional Power ...
 It is a bit more pink than purple but with 2 coats the shine and coverage is great . It comes with great instructions and is very easy to use . There was a lot left over so you may was n't to ask a friend if they want to split the cost . Its only useable for about 5hrs it says which gives you more than enough time to work with it .
 Perfect filter for 7.3 2002 Ford F350 at a great price , especially without a trip to the store . I prefer the motorcraft filter over aftermarket brands and Amazon makes it easy .
 These worked out great for exhaust on my 1948 Ford F-1 with 302 V-8 . Very heavy wall pipe and should out last me .
 this stater is actually 20 percent stronger and last longer ive had it in my bike over a year now and as soon as i put it in i felt it had more power im bout to buy an extra one and sell this for more
 This product is very well made BUT I found out that even if it looks like all you get all seat covers you DO NOT -LRB- maybe my own bad -RRB- I thoughtI would receive covers for all 4 ! - No I got only the real covers - True I should of saw where it said Custom seat cover NOT covers ! So I will say thisReview is only to help others who may make the same error I have - The product as I said is very nice BUT I did n't want to spend 400 $ just yet , IReturned the item under reason - item received was not as shown as on website as the image shows ALL seats - Please understand Im not saying theseAre not a good product Im just saying be aware you only get the one - Very confusing to shop this item !! MichaelHope this was of some help
 This timing chain was purchased for a 1996 Dodge Dakota V6 . Amazon does not list this vehicle for this timing chain , but Cloyes does , and it fits this vehicle . It was installed without a timing chain tensioner . The engine is now quieter . This chain is a very good value .
 Ordered this mirror to replace the one murdered the night of New Year 's Eve for a 1989 Sentra . It fit rather loose and had to buy washers to make it fit snug like the original .
 I bought this for my shop which works with aircraft and have had great results with it and look forward to using it for a long time to come . Whenever we need a good general adhesive that doesnt have to be manufacture spacific or a certain mil-spec we use this . also check out the 5 min stuff for other jobs that require more time.p.s . The 60 sec cure is no joke !!
 Works excellent not problem when it was installed . Works excellent hoping last for ever I bought for E320 Mercedez-Benz
 Fitted this unit to a 2000 Mercedes-Benz ML320 and it works without a problem . A nice buy that saved me a boatload of cash , compared to buying a similar unit from Mercedes-Benz .
 Perfect and exact fit for replacement compressor for my 96 E320 . There was a bit of a delay with shipping and receiving , but the wait was well worth the worksmanship on the product and the price was about $ 400 below what the dealership was charging , and about $ 200 below the big chain auto parts stores .
 Came quickly and the product works . Not much else to say , but have to have a certain word count to submit .
 This is the part needed for the low brake pad sensor for the 2003 CLK500 . When buying new pads they either do not include the sensor or they include the wrong one so this is needed . One for the front pads and one for the rear pads .
 For the 2003 Mercedes E500 -LRB- W211 -RRB- this sensor is keyed to fit the passenger side front or rear sensor connectors . This is the approximately 20 % pad left sensor . The drivers side front sensor uses the 50 % pad left sensor . For the drivers side front connector use Centric part # 116.35008 . I had Centric pads also and had to chase the sensor hole in the brake pad with a 1/8 '' drill bit to get it to slide in . Also , for the 2003 E500 , this sensor is only front one you need to keep the instrument panel brake pad wear warning light off .
 I use these to move boat lifts so they are exposed to grime and moisture EVERY USE and not treated with much care . I dry them out before storage and lube the mechanism with WD40 every 3rd or 4th use . They work great and hold up well to our abuse !
 I have been very satisfied with this tie down . It is built very well and easy to operate . The webbing seems to be of high quality and lives up to its 10,000 LB rating . You might see similar model for less money , but be advised there are many cheap imports that will not work as well or as long as these . The only other thing to be aware of with this model is the strap is extremely long . You really do n't need a strap this long unless you have an extremely tall load .
 Great product , excellent price ! Tested towing a 6 ton truck as well ! Heavy duty for sure ! Recommended for all tie downs work
 I got this on sale it looks really heavy duty i do n't know if I would try to pull 10,000 lbs with it but it does the job of strapping just about anything down witch is what I wanted it for anyway . Over all a good buy .
 Purchased this item recently and was shipped double boxed . Quality of product is great . Product fit oil pan perfectly . Seemed a little pricey .
 Great Product . I like this trash bin very much . Arrived quickly and works great . I will gladly recommend this device .
 My wife loved hers , so I bought one for my SUV . My kids actually keep my car clean with this durable , well made garbage container . Blends in great with my black interior .
 We ordered this product not so much for a wastebasket but to help organize our kids stuff . It does a great job on both counts . Stays upright very nicely . My only suggestion for improvement would be to have some time of divider or supports to keep the sides of the bag rigid .
 I ca n't believe my car is as neat as it is , and amazed at how much I can stuff into the XL litterbag . It 's great . The only annoyance I have with it ist hat the bag does not expand to full size . Instead , it contracts until it 's stuffed . Not a big deal , but I find it a little annoying . Great otherwise !
 Does what the company claims and stays put in my car with Velcro bottom . It does lose its shape somewhat but will expand when full of trash . Like it & am very pleased !
 We purchased a three-seat SUV and wanted something to put trash and `` junk '' in when traveling to keep the floors clean . This works very well . It 's washable , but I purchased 3 gallon trash bags to line it and that makes it easy to clean it then re-line it . SO FAR SO GOOD !
 This fits perfectly in front of my console in my Chevy Silverado . The velcro does not really grab the carpet , but the weight in the bottom keeps it perfectly in place . It is a good size .
 A very practical item for your vehicle . Velcro sometimes slips a little , but overall works very well in keeping the vehicle clean of garbage .
 I have always had cars that looked like I lived in them , and it was n't much of an issue since I was always on the go and always had what I needed . I am now out of school and no longer spending hours a day in my car , so when I got a new car , I wanted to keep it nice . When I got my new car a few months ago , I looked for a solution to the garbage issue . Having had this handy item for a few months now , I can say my car has NEVER looked better ! Every time I fill up my gas tank , I just reach in and grab it to empty it out . It holds just enough to get me from tank to tank , and I love that . I love having a nice , neat car and not feeling embarrassed about how gross my car looks ! This has really been the solution I needed to keep a neat car . : -RRB-
 Very glad we got this for a long trip ! And even more happy to have for everyday . I was always one with papers and little things cluttering my cup holders and throwing trash on the floor and now that I have this my car stays clean ! It is weighted down too so does not fall over or move when you turn or go over bumps . My son can even toss his trash from sitting in his car seat ! Wish I had this sooner !!!
 Do n't get one any smaller than this if you have four or more people riding in the car regularly . This is great for holding all of our trash and the weighted bottom keeps it from tipping over . Easy to clean with waterproof liner .
 I was hesitant to order this because of some of the negative reviews regarding size and the flap . I put the weights in the zipped compartment and then I put it behind the passenger seat on the floor . I LOVE it . It stays in place . It is easy to open it and insert garbage with one hand . It holds its shape . I have n't tried to clean it yet or anything , but it holds plenty . I think I will empty it once every couple of weeks or so . I do n't think it 's `` extra large '' compared to anything , but it 's a great little trash receptacle that should work very well and hold up . I recommend it .
 I travel a lot and I usually pack my on snacks and drinks , and do n't like a messy car so I needed a place to keep my trash . I usually use a plastic bag left over from grocery shopping , but sometimes those leak and the trash does n't stay secured in the bag . Anyway , this is nice because it 's weighted -LRB- it comes with a weighted bean bag you zip into the bottom -RRB- , and there 's velcro on the bottom of the bag for those of you who have carpeted mats in your car . The bag is lined with a waterproof/plastic liner so you do n't have to worry about nasty old stuff dripping into your car . The cover for the bag is held shut with velcro , and it 's pretty sturdy . I would suggest putting a little liner in the bag so you do n't have to worry about sanitizing or cleaning the bag , depending on what type of waste you 're putting in there.I would definitely recommend this product to others , I 'm a clean person and I like my car to stay clean too . : -RRB-
 For the price , you ca n't go wrong . However , the &#34; XL &#34; designation gives the impression that this is larger than it is . Its is not very big , but can hold maybe a six pack of empty cans , a fast food back , and a few napkins . It serves its purpose well , as long as you do n't mind emptying it out once a week.I 'm glad they included the weight , as it would otherwise have a tendency to topple over . While that 's happened once or twice for me now over the course of a few months , I had it loaded up with top-heavy materials . Would n't have minded just a little more weight , though.For reference , this fits perfectly in a 2012 GMC Sierra between the console and the middle of the bench seat.In short , I would purchase this item again without any hesitation -- and be happy about it .
 This bag fits perfectly on the back floor of my Juke . Everything else was just to big . `` XL '' is a bit misleading , take a look at the measurements before you buy . Stays in place well but does have a tendency to fold closed a little , as other reviewers have pointed out . Holds a decent amount and does n't leak , I 'm happy with it .
 I have a honda fit and I just place this on the floor in the backseat between the seats . It 's a good size for it . I keep my car much cleaner now that I have a place to put my garbage .
 We got this for the back seat of our Prius for when we take longer trips . It fits great on the floor between the center console and the middle of the back seat . With the bean bag and the velcro on the bottom this item does not slide around at all . Not too large to take up too much room , but great for exactly what we needed .
 I ca n't recommend this product enough . Even though it 's not absolutely perfect , it 's way better than I thought it could be and I 'm using it every day , which makes it worth every penny . I even recommended it already to a few friends who have messy cars as well -LRB- they all apologized to me for how trashy their cars were and I said mine was the same way until recently , so I did n't mind . But then they asked what I had done to change it and I told them about this little trash can -RRB- . The only thing I am not crazy about is that for me , it does n't stand open without being full of trash . I would have expected it to be stiffer on the sides , I guess . Maybe I need to see how I put it in the car , though . The other thing is the lid - it does n't seem to fit and almost seems like , even though it 's attached , it 's the wrong size or something . I leave it open anyway , but if I ever wanted to close it , it would look weird because it 's not quite fitting . Hard to explain but also not really that big of a deal since I 'm not carting around celebs or anything.Overall , I 'd say if you think are on the fence about this one , I 'd say go for it . I 'm soooo glad I got this . I do n't feel ashamed to give rides anymore to friends .
 I got this for the back seat of our truck for the kids to use . The walls seem very sturdy but the velcro on the bottom is not sticking to the floor like it should . It does come with a weight to put in the bottom so hopefully that 'll keep it upright . Other than that , really nice product for the price .
 I love my car trashcan . It can even hold several empty water bottles ! I keep a shopping bag in it so it 's easier to remove the trash . Fits perfectly on the floor of the backseat of my little Honda Fit kind of between the two front seats .
 The Good : Super quick shippingSleek when emptySticks to the floor , even without a carpetThe ballast bag really worksDid I mention super quick shippingThe Bad : Its a big black bag , but you know that before you order itIt is no where near as rigid as the photos make it seem .
 It fits nicely in front of the center console in my Odyssey . I like that it has the weight thingy on the bottom to keep it from tumbling . I personally would not throw liquid in there , but I 'm sure it would be easy enough to clean . I have a grocery bag in there lining it for easy disposal . It 's not huge , but I really do n't think a car trash bag needs to be .
 Fits in the spot available in our Kia Rondo . Holds enough stuff for a days trip line it with a bag from the store makes it easy to clean out . I just wish the sides had a wire frame to . When empty the weight of the cover folds the unit into a triangle shape . Which allows room to pass from one rear seat to the other easier so I guess that 's a good thing . Thank you purchasing from Amazon is a snap .
 It 's bigger than I thought -LRB- that 's what she said -RRB- and it 's keeping my car clean from my husband 's bad habits of stuffing receipts and bags in the car door slots . Although the only problem is without trash in it the Velcro on the bottom does n't stick very well to the car floor but on the whole it 's very helpful .
 Given the `` XL '' in the title and the product photo , you may think that this bag is a lot bigger than it is , which a lot of other reviews have mentioned . It is just about exactly as big as the product information section indicates
 I was the world 's worst about having a filthy car ! I recently purchased this litterbag and 2 High Road XL organizers and now I have the most immaculate car around ! With 2 sons -LRB- 3 & 4 -RRB- I was always ending up with leaky sippy cups on my floor mats . Now , we throw all of our trash in it , as well as , plates , cups , and anything else that has crumbs , food , drinks , etc. that used to clutter my car ! At the end of each day when we get home , I simply grab the litterbag and empty it in the household trash and rinse it out . It 's completely leak proof ! The velcro at the bottom ensures that it does n't flip over ... LOVE IT !
 As much as I trashed -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- the `` compact '' version of the TrashStand Floor Litterbag for having misleading photos and a top that was longer than the Litterbag was tall -LRB- making it impossible to lay flat against the back of the bag -RRB- ; I must return to Amazon to say that the XL version of the TrashStand is absolutely perfect .
 I 've tried a few different trash bins for my new car . This one is pretty good.Pros : - sand bag that can go in the bottom to anchor it down - pocket in the front - fairly spacious - the right size for grocery bags as linersCons - sides do n't stand up as well as it says - lid/cover is heavy and can cause the sides to sag inward even more - sandbag is oddly shaped and when it 's inside the bottom of the bin it causes the base to be uneven
 Having one of these in your back seat does an amazing job of keeping your car clear of trash . It 's great having a place to put it that can easily be emptied when you 're filling up on gas.This holds a fair amount of trash and has a sandbag you can put at the bottom to keep it from shifting around while youre driving.Been very pleased with it so far . Recommended
 it is a great fit in my crewmax just add a plastic bag as a liner and its a easy way to keep it clean
 Really nice that it stays put on the floor . the velcro on the bottom sticks to the floor carpet in my SUV . i always keep the top open .
 It 's great . Has a weighted bag that can go in the bottom to keep it in place in the moving car . I really like the lid .
 I use to just use the bag from the gas station/convienance store to throw my trash in , but it wo n't stay on the emergency brake handle or stay open . But this trash stand stays open , stays put and is easy to throw stuff into it without missing . It takes liquids well . Putting a bag in it as a liner for easy clean out is a thought ... but it takes away from it 's coolness factor .
 This is great I do not have to make sure my coffee cups are free of liquid before throwing them in Litterbag . I think I will get another one for my recyclables .
 I 've been looking for a very long time to find a trash holder that actually works for any car . Most of the ones I 've seen were either too small or had no way to keep them in place . I was really getting tired of having to make due with hanging the handles of a plastic grocery bag over my arm rests to hold the trash . This is a wonderful product and I 'll be ordering more , not only does it have a weighted bag insert to keep it from being knocked over it has Velcro strips on the bottom to hold it in place . It 's defiantly big enough , Most of the cars , trucks and vans I 've driven do n't have much more room for anything bigger . It 's a lot more sturdy than you think and will fit in tight spots because it 's flexible . In my opinion It 's more than worth the price .
 I really enjoy having this item in my car . I am a nanny and drive the two children I keep around . They are very clean children and have not made a mess yet ; but I know when it does happen , this product will come in very handy . I have not really used the item yet , but I know when I do it will work . It was just what I expected and needed . It looks like it would be very heavy duty and sturdy and if I do n't use it as a trash can , I can used it for storage . It is discrete , nothing about it screams nasty , stinky trash can . I am very happy with it !
 This trashcan is great . Its bigger than I expected , and does n't fall over . Very impressed . From the reviews I was afraid it would be tiny , but it is a good size and it fits perfectly between the front seats of my 2010 Dodge Grand Caravan behind the cupholders . I do n't have anything bad to say about it . Very pleased .
 works great for our Santa Fe SUV . stays put , not too big , not too small . do n't even notice it is there . helps keep SUV cleaner . great that it is leak proof also . recommend .
 Why do n't cars come with some designated trash bin area ? ESPECIALLY minivans ? Oh well , this fit the bill perfectly . It fits perfectly in my minivan between the center console and the dash area , and I can still use the cup holders . It is small but I really do n't want to keep a lot of trash in my car anyway .
 The litter bag was what I expected eceot for the way it mounted on floor but the way they devised works fine . It is big enough to hold 5 or 6 cans of soda pop or water bottles but not take up to much room on the center hump works great for my 2005 chey colorado would recommend it for anyone with a big central hump in their vehicle
 I use it in my 2008 Mitsubishi Outlander . It sits behind the front seat where i can easily dump all my trash . It has Velcro that keep it on the floor and it does n't leak .
 A great trash container for newer cars with a front console . It fits behind the console of my new Honda CRV and secures to the carpet well .
 I could n't find anything like this in the stores in my area and I 'm glad I took a chance and ordered it . It 's perfect for my vehicle , sits nicely on the floor and holds quite a bit more than one of those plastic bags that hang awkwardly on a handle or knob . The grandkids think it 's cool that they have something to throw their stuff in and now the trash ends up here instead of on the floor . It 's well made and a good value for the cost .
 It 's good quality . Velcro/weighted bottom is great feature . I wish it was a tiny bit wider as I have the room in my Van . I was initially concerned it would be too small , however I find it 's big enough for what it is intended . When our family gets take out , we throw away the garbage in the bags the take-out came in , and bring it out of the car when we get out . This item is great for coffee cups , sodas , wrappers , tissues , etc. . I use grocery bags as liners folding the bag over the edges . When it is full I just take it out . This is extremely convenient . I am going to order this again for my husbands car . It doens not tip over or collapse . It keeps it 's shape nicely .
 I feel like it could use some support on its sides so it does n't fold in . Other tHan that ... Great trash bag for my SUV .
 the velcro at the bottom of the item does n't adhere very well to the carpet in the back seat of my vehicleit 's a little small , but I guess I shouldnt have a huge trash-filled box in my car anyhow.definitely useful for any drinks with small amounts of liquid as it does not leak thru the bottom .
 I was a little surprised at the small size but it will easily hold what I need it to on a rode trip and it fits perfectly behind the console without tipping over . I would try to empty any bottles or coffee cups first but it is good to know that if I forget , it will not leak . nice sturdy product and looks nice in the car .
 I did n't think I would end up writing a review for a trash can . But I really like this . It does what it says , it stays put in the car and hold quite a bit of trash . It 's very attractive ... even with a shopping plastic bag in it :--RRB- . I would recommend it for 1-3 people ... not quite sure how it would for a very large family . I found this at Marshall 's for less . Same product -LRB- hint
 I always seem to have a paper wrapper , empty cup / can or something I do n't want trashing up my jeep . This little litter catcher is just the ticket . It fits perfectly right behind the console on the rear floor center hump , and I can reach it no problem from the drivers seat . It has Velcro on the bottom and a weighted bag you zip in a compartment to hold it in place . It has n't moved once ! I use a plastic bag as a liner which makes it easy to pull out and empty . I keep it open to make putting trash in easy , but it does have a lid if you want / need to close it . If you want to keep a clean ride , with somewhere to put your trash , I would get one of these and be happy !
 I purchased this not for the litter bag function , but because I have small stuff in my backseat and I hate hearing it slosh around when I take turns . The bag stands upright after a day of unfurling and the inside plastic which would theoretically hold in he spills also loosens and spreads out over the first few days to make more interior space . I keep an umbrella , some cookies and other nick nacks in there . The sides hold upright well and the weighted bottom actually holds the bag in place -LRB- there 's also some Velcro on the bottom -RRB- . The combination of that and the Velcro actually holds it too well . Lifting it up will bring up your carpeted floor mats ! However , it does n't slosh around and that 's exactly what I wanted it for !
 I have twin toddlers , and there always seems to be some sort of snack consumed while in our 2008 Town and Country minivan . This trashcan fits great right behind the center console of the front seats and stays in place .
 Small , inconspicuous . My vehicle stays litter free . I just dump it at a gas station trash bin when I fill up .
 This has been working great for me . I have a normal sedan size car and this fits quite nicely on the floor and I have n't once had it tip over . I feel that it was a good buy .
 For as much as anyone can really like a trash bin , I really like this trash bin . Some other reviews compalined that it was too small ; I think it 's the perfect size for a car . It can easily hold 4 empty beverage containers and then some . What do you want , something so large that you ca n't get past it ? Maybe a 55 gallon drum would suit you better.And this thing will not tip over . The velcro on the bottom grabs my car 's carpet firmly & will not let it slip loose . There is also a zippered weight compartment holding a bag of weight -LRB- probably sand -RRB- to give it very low ballast . You can even add more weight in the compartment if you want . Overall , this is the best car litter bag I 've ever owned .
 With a name like `` XL '' I expected this to be bigger when it first came . However , after having used it now for 6 months , it really holds a lot . It works perfectly in our minivan -LRB- fits right under the middle console table -RRB- and the weighted plus velcro on the bottom does a great job holding it in place . We never use the lid but it 's nice to know its there in case we need it .
 This is exactly what I was looking for . Only thing I do n't like is that using a garbage bag or grocery bag as a liner does n't work well if you want to keep the lid closed . It needs a little extra height from the hinge seam to fold the bag over . Otherwise great .
 High Road TrashStand & trade ; Floor Litter Bag Compact This is one thing I do n't know what I 'd do with out . Easy to get to , easy to empty and above all , easy to keep my van clean . I got every one in the habit of using it . Makes it a whole lot easier on me .
 Make sure to read the reviews , before buying this product . Even though it says XL its not huge . Make sure to look at the measurements . For me , its exactly what I wanted for my SUV . I love that it has a cover that I can either fold back to leave open or use to hide my `` garbage '' . The inside is completely waterproof , but I line mine with a plastic shopping bac that I can easily remove and replace .
 This little trash can is great for my car - perfect size , perfect weight . It comes with a small weight pack to insert into the bottom which keeps it steady when you 're going around turns.If you 're constantly trashing things like soda bottles or fast food it might be too small for you -LRB- or you 'll need to empty it daily -RRB- . Personally I rarely eat in my car so I use it for gum wrappers , receipts , or an occasional piece of paper or envelope . It 's a great size for this application .
 Having physically exhausted a search in Charlotte , NC , for a trash bin for my wife 's car , I landed at Amazon in my search for this item . Well built with a sandbag to keep it stable , and a lid to cover it when not in use . For the price , size , and quality -LRB- although it is not made in the USA -RRB- I heartily recommend this .
 I like the size of this garbage bag for a family car . It is larger than others I 've seen , but still fits easily on the floor between the front seats without being obstructive . It 's good for the trash a family accumulates daily -LRB- tissues , scraps of paper , cups , etc. -RRB- . It is more than adequate for any garbage that we 'd want to leave in a car .
 Just what the wife wanted , great in a van with a flat floor . Waterproof is a great plus .
 Once again , Joe Rocket does it again . I 've purchased manyitems from J.R. and have been impressed with their products . These gloves and comfy , fit very well and awesome for riding . Would recommend !
 I have only owned the product for about a month , and to me this is too short of a time to provide a definitive and accurate review . However , so far , the product seem to have performed as advertised . The reason for my four stars and the title of my review are as follows : My vehicle is a 2006 Nissan Titan Crew Cab with over 35K miles . First , let me get out the way the awkwardness of the cord and device placement difficulty but that did not bother me much ; I eventually settled for right above my instrument panel ; it was the logical choice for me . The main reason for the four stars and title is that about a 10 days into using SGII , one early morning as soon as I started the vehicle , 3 lights came on -LRB- brakes , tire pressure , abs -RRB- , then they went off after 5 seconds , additionally , after pulling from my driveway , at 60 mph the truck started missing and skipping on me with erratic speedometer behaviors . I went to the Nissan dealership right away for diagnostics . The tech was very professional and knowledgeable , he indicated that he got a `` low comm error code ... '' and he could not make a definitive conclusion . He found the battery terminals partially corroded , he cleaned them up and applied rust retardant grease . I decided not to use SGII for a couple of weeks to see if SGII was the cause . At any rate , the truck did not misbehave on me again and I started using SGII back again a few days ago , and so far so good , no erratic behavior yet . So , it is still a big mystery . Was it the battery 's fault or SGII ? Who knows , crossing fingers now ...
 El SacnGauge II es un producto muy buenolleno las espectativas de lo que yo requer&iacute;a.Deber&iacute;a traer un manual en Espa & ntilde ; ol paraaprovechar todas sus bondades .
 seems to be a nice product have n't used it yet . will do so in near future.quick shipping . update 11-28-2012 great item used many time to find problems . works great used for a while to see how I was driving and to save gas -LRB- lead foot -RRB- . Probably helped 10 people by resetting there ck engine light . Love it .
 The Scangauge offers info that us older folk saw in our cars years ago , and a bit more too . Today 's auto manufacturers have trimmed the budget to the point where the best we get are the `` idiot lights '' . So if you 're the type who likes to know more about the `` health '' of your vehicle , this is a worthwhile tool . You can see from earlier evaluations that there 's little that this does not give you.I found it interesting that after entering the engine and tank size , that the Scangauge was well calibrated . Following some very minor adjustments it was on the money . The manual is quite comprehensive although difficult with my old eyes . Their website offers a download of the manual which when printed in larger font is lots easier to read . By the way , mine is mounted in a 2002 Toyota Tacoma . -LRB- Edit -RRB- Three years have passed since my earlier review and the Scangauge is still performing . I just used it to diagnose a check engine light . Followed the trouble code shown by the gauge and found that mice had chewed a hole in the air filter and bits of filter were lodged in the MAF sensor . Cleaned the sensor , replace the filter and used the Scangauge to clear the code . Not sure how many $ $ that saved me , but I 'll bet it was more than the cost of the Scangauge .
 As others have said it 's a very good product . If your vehicle has lots of gauges on the instrument panel such as my silverado , there is some redundency . But , I have taken my MPG from 20.5 to 24.9 based on watching my throttle position and my MPG . But thats considering that I am using methods to maximize gas mileage such as tons of coasting and shifting into neutral . If I simply did regular driving while being cognizant of the information the scanGauge provides I would probably experience a 10 % fuel savings.The velcro method for attaching to the dash is mediocre but works .
 This product is just awesome . It works great ! Connects fast reads fast no issues so far ! I do n't use it for the gas saving purpose like most of you . I use it to see my volts , water temp , intake temp , and rpms . So you guys know I drive a 2006 Chevy malibu SS . I have some mods into the car that 's why it 's important to see the actual temp -LRB- I hate dash gauges I ca n't trust them -RRB- Also with the CIA -LRB- cold air intake -RRB- modifications it lets me see that I 'm sucking cold air and not my engine heat . As for the rpms i switch that between load and throttle position . Just what I feel like looking at at the time . I was skeptical at leaving it plugged in that it might drain my battery when car is off , it has n't seem to effect it at all . As for the gas saving features I do not have any info for you sorry guys ! My car already does it for me !
 Brought this device because of repeated check engine lights on three different cars . The biggest concern was an intermittent problem with a 2008 Honda Civic . Three times it went back to the dealer and the light came on a forth time . It scanned the error confirmed what the dealer said the problem was and cleared it . It has n't returned . The same happened with a 1998 Toyota Camry , it cleared the error and it has n't returned . The computers and sensors on the cars are very sensitive . The problems are often intermittent but the check engine light locks on . This thing tells you the code and clears it saving a trip to the dealer or a $ 50 - $ 100 scan fee . It also provides full gauge information such as charging voltage and mileage ; handy to monitor .
 This product delivers what it promises . Elegant ? No . Simple ? Yes . Funtional ? Yes . I already used it to do code analysis , and wish I 'd bought it before my 6 week motorhome trip last year . It appears it will more than pay for itself .
 Everything is true , and that is very rare these days . The Scan Gauge II has to be the easiest item I have every installed on my truck . If they made one for my motorcycle I would buy it too !
 I purchased this for my motor home to help me control my gas consumption & generally to keep track of my vehicle . Did that & more
 For the automotive enthuasite this is the greatest thing since sliced bread . The simple connection to your OBDII connection in your vechile will give give visually a window to your engines operating charateristics . Highly recommended tool .
 Very helpful tool . I found the air intake temps very helpful in building and monitoring my new aftermarket intake/airfilter for autocross . Would definitely purchase again . Other nice features include the ignition timing and open/closed loop . Install was a breeze .
 If you have a vehicle without a trip computer , this is a good option . It 's not very fancy and not very intuitive , but it does give technical data and trip data . Calibration of the fuel economy is awkward . It 's easy to install and provides valuable info for operators interested in knowing details of your vehicles operation .
 The first unit shipped would not work w / my 2001 Ford Sport Explorer . It was erratic from installation on a Friday until it simply did nothing . A call to the manufacturer the following Monday morning promised I would receive a replacement in a few days - with the time zone difference in my favor for shipping from Arizona to Massachusetts , I figured I 'd see this by Wednesday . When ONE WEEK passed I called again on a Monday . `` It shipped `` Friday '' I was told . The unit arrived later this same day -LRB- Monday -RRB- . The replacement unit has worked flawlessly . In several emails I learned the replacement unit was modified by replacing two circuit board capacitors with ones having a larger value of capacitance , something the manufacturer found was necessary for Ford vehicles.My reason for four stars and not five is I do NOT believe the Ford resolution was found with my phone call and thus units should have been fixed prior to shipment . Recall units for fix ? or wait until a customer with a Ford complains ? Perhaps the magnitude of units in dealers ' hands might prevent such a recall ? Too few Fords using the product ? Could be - but when you BUY a product , you expect it to work and not have to go through an exchange . Given I had paid for overnight delivery , had the replacement unit been shipped overnight -LRB- or arrived even in 2 days -RRB- I feel this would have offset having received a defective unit for use in my Ford.So much for the `` bad '' aspect . Now for the good part of this review : Bottom Line - the replacement works exactly as advertised . Rather than my repeating what you can learn at the manufacturer 's web site , go there and study the material they have . It does do everything they state .
 The Scangauge works just as advertised . You just plug it in and it starts right up . It works perfectly in my 1999 Miata .
 Good product , easy to install and set up , works great . Would like to see more selection on items it can read
 Overall I 'm very satisfied with this product . It provides more accurate data then my `` dumbed downed '' car manufacturer-provided gauges . Though I did have a problem with the OBD-II data cable provided with this product . The cable would not connect to my car 's connector and I called the vendor regarding my problem and the only advice they could provide me was to `` sand down the outside portion of the cable connector housing and it will eventually fit '' . Wow , that 's scary.Fortunately I did n't take that route but rather I took a more scientific approach to the problem and determined that the plastic `` tab '' that is a part of the cable connector protrudes slightly from the connector shell so I scarred it several times with a box cutter and snapped it off . And that did the trick !
 I installed this into a 2000 Corolla . It 's a very easy `` plug ad play '' install . I went through a very easy setup procedure and started using it . I drive at least 200 miles a day so gas usage is very important to me . I immediately started seeing how much my driving habits were costing me . I was surprised that cruise control cost me mpg 's but even more surprised how much a/c cut into the mileage . I 'm a pretty conservative driver and was getting a true 35-36 mpg but using the ScanGauge II I 'm now getting a true 38-39 mpg . In the long run -LRB- if I keep paying attention -RRB- it will pay for itself but beyond that it 's fun and informative to have all the readouts at your fingertips .
 works great with my aging GMC Envoy . Gauges are accurate and the fuel estimator is also great , since i hate going to gas stations .
 This was everything I wanted in a scanner . Did n't need the graphing and other tweeks with some . I 've had it on my Chevy pickup for two weeks now and it is just great . Works perfectly and gives me much more info on how my truck is performing . Also put it on my wifes Toyota Matrix and it worked just as good . It is definatly worth the money .
 My van only has one digital display that has to be switched between the different guages . This lets me display 4 different &#34; guages &#34; and also has the ability to read engine codes too . I have n't tried reading any fault codes yet so I ca n't say how well that works .
 does a good job on reading parameters of my cars ecu . definitely recommend this to friends / colleagues so they know better about their car 's condition .
 I bought and installed the ScanGuage a few months ago . I bought the more expensive one -LRB- $ 160 -RRB- rather than the cheaper one -LRB- $ 95 -RRB- because I wanted to monitor my transmission temperature when I 'm towing . With real-time mpg 's this gauge can help you save some gas if you have a lead foot . I 've always been easy on the pedal so my gas mileage has remained about the same , but I am now a bit more conscious when I 'm starting out & going up steep hills . That 's when my mileage is worst . The more expensive gauge also comes with an engine scanner which can tell you in what area a problem might be and it 's also able to reset the `` check engine '' light . I have n't used that feature yet , but it will come in handy in the future at some point . The install was very easy . If it takes you more than 5 minutes you 're probably not mechanical at all as it is a simple plug and go . There is a little inputting that you have to do for the first few tanks of gas , but after the gauge learns your car you have to do very little . The gauge also has battery volts , RPM , & MPH plus others .
 I like this product.It gives me the information that I want in my 2003 Toyota Tacoma Double Cab.My only issues are :1 -RRB- cable length -LRB- too long ~ wished that it was 1 ' -RRB- 2 -RRB- the connector socket was on the right side.My OBD Gen II socket is to the drivers rightand the connector is on the outboard side of the Scan Gauge.This requires the cable to go around and hang in front of the console .
 Produuct is great , just wish the screen was more up to date . Told me literally everything that was going on with my engine , sensors , statistics , temperatures and codes . A little on the pricey side , but worth it .
 In spite of some negative reviews I purchased the ScanGauge II to compare my mpg with my driving and am totally happy . So far every thing has worked as advertised . I have used it on Saturn and 4 Runner and found that coasting to stop signs helps mileage a lot and sitting at stop lights hurts a lot . The short trip mileage is even more enlightening than the instantaneous mileage . I was hoping to find an adapter so I could use it on a 95 Dodge 3.3 L. but it does n't look like the OBG I has the fuel usage rate available .
 This is a must have for vehicles that do not have fuel and range software built in . Great for off-road trip where fuel economy is not constant as well as for determining when to turn back . Also scans and clears codes saving a hundred bucks or so from the dealership .
 I 'm glad I bought the ScanGauge . I 've been using it to monitor my fuel economy , which has influenced me to drive in a `` more efficient '' manner -LRB- which saves me money -RRB- . It also works great as an auxiliary gauge cluster . Plus , the ability to read and clear trouble codes is pretty handy . There are lots of other features , as well . You get a lot for your money .
 If you are on the fence about buying this , or you are looking to buy this in the future but are not sure , get it now . First , this is a great deal ; I 've been trying to find a lower price without any luck . Second , if you are worried about not having all the features that a scan tool has , it reads and clears codes , exactly what other tools do . Third , the gauges are great , fast and useful ! I have mpg , average mpg , intake temperature , and voltage.I have an '01 Toyota MR2 Spyder . With this installed , I have gotten at least 40 miles more in the city from a tank -LRB- usually fill up about 10-11 gal -RRB- . That is a HUGE improvement . With gas prices at around $ 3.50 in Seattle , this device will save me a little here and there . In addition , I will be able to see if I have any problems before the CEL comes on , and when it does , this device can scan those codes . It really is a great maintenance tool and has changed my driving style completely . I know when I get another car , this thing can be easily transferred . Simple plug and play.The build quality is great and the backlighting can be changed to match your dash . Great feature.Overall , through my weeks of research , I have concluded that I should have purchased this much earlier .
 I received my scanguage II as a Christmas gift . I plugged it in and started using it right off.The only problem that I have it is just a tad bit complicated to use . Once you get it set I would suggest you leave your settings unless you know exactly what your lookin for . The next issue is making sure you put your information in correctly when you fuel the second time . It is a neat little gadget especially if you dont have the mpg , miles to empty and so forth in your car.Other than that I really like it , and in my case will take just a few more fill ups and I will pretty much have it down pat.Good luck . I would recommend to anyone to purchase .
 Device performs as advertized . Great product for a wanna-be hypermiller ! Because of the instant information you can learn how to use speed and terrain to maintain a constant MPG . I have been able to achieve 43 + mpg on the highway @ 60 + MPH in my 2008 Civic . Fun product to play with although a little expensive . The only knock I would give it would be design . It is a little klunky and does not add much to the look of your instrument panel . It does a lot for a small package , but I think they could have made it look like it was designed in this decade.Shipping was quick , an overall Good Buy .
 I have 2 ScanGauge II units , one in each car . They are great . My only problem has been a burned out back-light . I attempted to contact the manufacturer and have not had any reply . Otherwise this product would receive a 5 star.Update - customer service came through and repaired my unit at no cost to me ! Up to 5 starts now !!!
 Quick question . What software version are these being sold by Amazon ? I would love to get this if it is one of the latest version .
 This little gadget tells me all the info I always wanted from my RV . Was n't sure if it would work but it 's awesome ! Easy hook up and instant info .
 I 've used this item from the first day I received it and was surprised at how much it illustrated the importance of how you drive in relation to the fuel mileage you receive and under what conditions you drive in the normal course of your automotive daily use . This was the inital Interest I had in purchasing the item , however , as I became aware of other functions I found I wanted to explore . It did not come as easy as I had hoped or expected . The manual is not all that helpful since it is not clear on how to access all the information you may wish . Also , I find clearing info I 've entered so I can re-enter other info is very hard or impossible for me to accomplish and the manual is not helpful in this function . Technical support by telephone is , so far by me , impossible to get . I do like the Auto Codes function , however since I have no codes appearing for my vehicle I ca n't say how complete or accurate they are . It would be helpful if the location of where to ` plug-in ' was more complete for a wider range of vehicles were to be provided.Over all , I am happy with the limited range of info available in real time . I 'm sure as I get more experence and can find how to get the full range of information it may make availble to me , I 'll write a fuller in-depth review to assist those who , like me , find it hard to use to it 's full potental
 This is a really great product . It does everything you want it to do . You just plug it in and start using it . Then you read the extremely clear instructions and learn how to fine tune it for your vehicle so it is spot on accurate . This is one of the best products I have bought in a long time .
 My brother bought a ScanGauge II . After listening to him rave about it through the duration of several of our weekly phone calls I finally broke down and bought one for myself.On my Mini Cooper S , there were several questions on my mind with regard to engine parameters and how they matched with my driving style . A good example is coolant temperature which tells me how far I need to drive to reach full operating temperature -LRB- very short trips are bad for cars -RRB- . . and . . how far I should drive before taking full advantage of everything this engine has to offer . But also , for various reasons I wanted to monitor manifold pressure , engine load , and ignition timing . One thing I very much appreciated was being able to set this nifty piece of technology up in a manner that allowed me to monitor all four of these parameters at one time.Now with all those questions having been answered to my satisfaction I 've switched to using it primarily as a trip computer.My car does much of what this does -LRB- If I do n't mind giving up my digital speedometer readout to see the various parameters -RRB- , but with this I can monitor a bunch of driving parameters for . . this trip . . today 's driving . . yesterday 's driving . . and . . `` this tank of gas '' . One feature I especially like is being able to monitor the gasoline cost at any point in time . . or . . see what the cost of gas was for each of those various trips I made throughout the week -LRB- when it was time for gas , After filling the tank , I told it how big my tank is and what the final price on the pump was . It takes that information and provides real time calculation from there.And finally . . I found the perfect place to mount it and to run the wiring . Mounting and connecting it was really quite easy . . See photo .
 I bought the Scanguage II in 2008 so I 've been using it for three years now.It 's obviously great for reading the DTC that come on when the check engine light comes on . Saves the trouble of going anywhere to get it checked . Several of my friends have used mine to check their codes as well . We check the code , look it up , figure out which parts need to be replaced , and do the work ourselves , and use the Scanguage II to clear the codes . Keep in mind that if you clear the codes without fixing the problem , the code will likely come right back on.My main driver right now is a Honda Odyssey 2008 . I normally drive a lot -LRB- ~ 20,000 miles/year -RRB- so the real-time statistics are always of welcome interest . One note is that if the engine is the type that can turn off some of the cylinders , the MPG statistics will not be accurate when the engine is operating in this mode.The Scanguage II connects to the ODB II port in the car . New cars in the USA that are sold starting 1996 have this port . WIthout this port , you can not use the Scanguage II.One gripe I have is that the ODB II port is usually under the steering wheel , close to where the pedals are . To have the Scanguage II connected all the time -LRB- as I do -RRB- , there are wires running from the pedal area up to wherever I have the unit . I have to be mindful to route the wires as to not interfere with pedal operation . Since I may move the unit around from car to car , I do n't want to tie up the wires to the car to keep them out of the way . There 's also no really good place to put the Scanguage II while driving . I keep it on the dash , but it blocks some of the other gauges.Bottom line is I still keep the unit attached all the time and find the statistics it reports very interesting . They help me to adjust my driving habits to maximize fuel economy . Reading and clearing DTC codes has also been invaluable .
 Easy to hook up and gives many more readings than standard OBII gauges . Provides a gas monitor as you drive and lets you see your bad driving habits and your vehicles economy . Great little unit .
 This product is a must have for todays computer engines . The trouble code scan is very helpful . The instant gauge readings can give on going information and mpg . The uses for this are endless . It is easy to install and can be moved from vehicle to vehicle .
 I bought this for my Roadtrek van and it worked wonderfully on my first trip . I actually got to see my mpg real time . I 'm still discovering all the items it monitors . Definitely a plus for my traveling . I would recommend this to my friends .
 I had that evil check engine light shining in my eye . I had taken the SUV to the mechanic earlier and they were not sure what it was , but they reset the light and worked on what they thought was causing the problem . A few months later the light comes back on . I bought the Scan Gauge II because I had to pass Smog and it could tell me where to look with the codes and reset the check engine light . I have 4 oxygen sensors and the codes fed to the gauge told me which one was bad and what was wrong . Just look up the universal codes on a web site to decipher their meaning . I bought a new sensor and replaced it myself . After a few cycles the scanner say I was ready for my smog check , I passed and saved money . I now use the gauge to monitor the car as I drive . It shows me my MPG live and I 'm learning how to change my driving habits to stretch out the mileage.Good Deal .
 A really nice device . It is easy and a vast number of items this will monitor !! It is dead accurate after the 2nd tank of gas and calibration can be ongoing . I already used it to diagnose a check engine light . Just too numerous to mention of features but the gas mileage feature alone improved a motorhome fuel economy from 7 to 8mpg and at $ 4 a gallon that was $ 25 per tank !!! We were able to find the sweet spot of 54 to 56 mph !!!!
 This significant device does all it claims to . The installation was immediate and simple - even for a middle-aged geezer like me . I simply plugged it into my vehicle 's easily-accessible computer port and that was all it took . The data it provides is informative and important.I recommend this product with unrestrained enthusiasm .
 I found this item quite by accident & it turned out to be the BEST thing I 've ever bought !!! I 've had it less than a month & it has already paid for itself !!! My check engine light was coming on all the time . My mechanic was charging $ 75 to run the check & turn off the light . He told me my catalytic converter had gone bad & it would cost $ 1,000 to fix . The car is running just fine ... NOTHING like it would with a bad converter . I had bought the ScanGauge to turn off my check engine light & see if I could n't increase my gas mileage . The check engine light came back on the day before I received my ScanGauge . I ran the scan , got my code , went online & pulled it up . That 's when I learned that it possibly was NOT my converter ... instead just one of the OS2 sensors going out . My car has 4 OS2s at a cost of $ 60 each plus labor . The highest estimate has been $ 700 or a SAVINGS of $ 300 . By watching how the way I drive affects my gas mileage , I have managed to go from 13 mpg to 20 mpg . That in itself has paid for the gauge !!! YES , some of the things I 've learned should have just been common sense , but was something that just came natural to me !!! I have turned my check engine light off 3 times while I save up enough money to really fix the problem !!! That alone has saved $ 225 which is more than I paid for the gauge . No matter which way I look at it , it is saving me money !!!! The ONLY drawback is it takes some patience in the initial set up ; but , then again , I 'm a non-automotive savvy female . When I take the time to read & concentrate on what I 'm reading , it 's really NOT that hard !!! Some have said the cable is to short ; others says it 's too long . My connecting plug is just under my steering wheel & I just wrapped the cable around the steering column twice & centered the velcro in the center of the column . It sits just in front of my speedometer where it 's NOT in the way & I can still see ALL the gauges I need to see !!! Do I recommend buying the ScanGuage II ??? OH YES !!!! I 've almost doubled my gas mileage & I 've saved $ 75 over the purchase price in code scans in just 3 weeks . PLUS I DO N'T need to replace my catalytic converter !!! If you have ANY patience , this gauge is well worth the $ 159.99 it sells for !!!!
 I was n't sure what to think , this being my first scanner , but when my Passat died I found myself requiring a device that shows my mileage . Having the ability to show everything else was just icing on the cake . This unit has performed flawlessly and I would definitely purchase this unit again if I need to.Almost two years later and still going strong!This has worked flawlessly for me . Even had a code come through and was able to reset myself.I have recommended this to many people to provide the additional information about their driving that can save them some real $ $ . Averaging 37-40mpg on my 2007 Corolla each week .
 Great product , works as advertised , plug in and never mess with it again . I have this on all my cars , Fords and Jeep too . I love being able to see the temp and instant mileage to compare with the factory gauges , one can not have too much info when it comes to knowing what is going on under the hood .
 It does what it says it does . Which is rare these days . I would recommend this product . The price is definitely reasonable .
 I had wanted this item for a long time so finally I broke down and purchased it . Installation was easier than I expected and setup was JUST like the manual told me it would be . All rather simple and straight forward ... assuming you actually take the time to read the instructions!The second day of ownership I was out in town and my car totally quit . The dash indication was for a TransAxle failure and also the car would not start and keep running . Finally it would not run at all.My first thought was to call AAA for a tow to my transmission shop . Then , I remembered the ScanGague has a feature to check the codes . Fortunately I had put the manual in the glove box so I got out the manual and read the pages about reading and clearing codes.The first indication was that there were NO codes . Hmmmm ? Reading further in the manual , I went to the next step and I did a FORCED CLEAR of codes.Next , I turned the key and the car started and ran like new again ! No dashboard indication of Transaxle problems or anything else so I drove to my transmission shop . Their ` much more complex ' Code Reader could also find no codes and they test drove the car and blessed the transmission.Bottom line , the price of the ScanGague was less than what a tow would have cost me and I promptly had full use of my car again . Oh yes , the problem was that the fuel filter needed replaced . Yes , I changed it that evening!Definitely a Five Star product ... I also like seeing how I 'm doing for mileage ... and it 's better than I thought it would be . This item lets you see instantly how YOUR driving methods effect your mileage . You can definitely improve your MPG if you pay attention to the ScanGague .
 Had some issues with the first one over time and beyond the warranty period , they fixed it for free . Can not complain about that , but they also did so in a timely fashion .
 I 've read all the reviews with less than 5 stars and I have never had any of the problems they reported.My gauge is mounted on top of the dash next to the windshield above the steering wheel with the velcro strips supplied . A downward glance from the road ahead is all that is needed to read the screen.My truck is parked facing the afternoon sun and the unit used to get pretty hot until I made a white cardboard cover for it . My GPS on the dash is similarly covered.The one problem , for which I downgraded to 4.75 stars , was that the gauge connector which plugs into the OBD port under the dash used to slip down a little , losing the connections . The OBD port faces down and the only thing holding the connector in is friction . The connector did not fall out , but just slipped down a little , but this is mounted in a truck , not a sedan . I just bumped it back up with my left foot while driving which brought the scanner back to life . :--RRB- I have since held the connector in the port with a wire tie around the port and connector .
 Dec 2011 Using on my 03 F250 6L PSD . Allows me to monitor many parameters i.e. coolant/engine oil/transmission temps/ficm voltage & much more . Many already know & now myself , SGII fills void left by mfg. not installing certain -LRB- real time -RRB- guage 's -LRB- not fixed/dummy lights -RRB- I highly recommend it to those who really want to know . Works as advertised .
 I bought the ScanGauge so that I could see the manifold pressure on my turbocharged engine . It does this and lots more . I like to view the atmospheric pressure -LRB- so that I know when the weather is bad -- hey , it 's a gadget -RRB- , engine coolant temperature -LRB- so I know when to turn on the heater -RRB- , average miles per gallon , and instantaneous miles per gallon -LRB- helps me see when I am lead-footing it -RRB- . You can also view transmission temperature , rpm , manifold temperature , and lots more ; up to four at a time . It 's easy to mount , but the programming is a bit tedious . It is easier if you have someone to read the codes to you as you enter them into the unit . The on-line help via email is very good . Their response is quick -LRB- usually over night -RRB- and personable . It 's like you are communicating with your buddy across town . I found an error in one of their codes and reported it . Hopefully that 's fixed.I am very pleased with this purchase .
 I love it . Works just the way i thought it would . Just get it you will be happy . Oh using it on a Ford E350 Van .
 - I use it mainly for water temps and intake temps -LRB- running boost -RRB- to make sure my care is around where it needs to be . have n't fiddled with other gauges , but its great . their are other ones out there that do the same thing , i just bought this one , because a member on the forum makes a custom bracket for my car -LRB- scion tc -RRB-
 This thing does it all . It was a good investment for me . I ended up buying a second cable so I can easily swap between my two vehicles . -LRB- I have the cables hidden and snaked up through the dash so it looks clean . -RRB-
 I have had the Scan Gauge II in my Toyota Yaris for about 3 months now , and have tested it 's functionality in a wide range of city and freeway driving . Since the car is only a year old , I have n't needed to scan any trouble codes yet , so I am using the SGII primarily as a fuel economy computer.SGII connects directly to the OBD-2 diagnostic port that is present on most vehicles sold in the US since 1996 . The manufacturer , Linear Logic , publishs a list on the company website showing specifically which makes and models of cars and light trucks that the unit will and will not work in.Features
 This little box is very useful . In my case it already paid for itself . I was able to clear some service codes -LRB- misfire of a cylinder -RRB- . In the past I paid $ 69 for the mechanic to just look up and clear the code.I really like the fact that ScanGauge displays all kinds of engine data in real time . Other devices such as the CarChip save it and then need to be connected to a computer in order to access the data.In my opinion , the ScanGauge is worth every cent .
 Being a geek , I bought the ScanGauge II so that I could see more information in real time about my car . The ScanGauge should appeal to anyone who watched Night Rider and was envious of all the cool displays inside Kit . The good news is that this little device does give you so much more cool information about your car as you drive . Rather than guess why your car had bad mileage , you can tell immediately it was because you had the throttle down too much or your average speed was 85 mph . The real value of this gadget is that it gives you hard data to point to when your car acts a little funny.The first thing you 'll have to figure out is where to mount it . I drive a RAV4 , and I 've found the best place is under the center console . It stays out of the way and gives your passengers something cool to look at while you 're driving . I would not recommend putting it in your line of site , like a HUD in an F-16 . The numbers will distract you and then you 'll have bigger problems than bad gas mileage . Finding a good place to mount is critical . That leads me to my first complaint
 The installation of the SG2 is simple
 I 've had the scanGuage II for about 3 weeks at the time of this review . I had bought the unit because I was interested in finding out about how my car , a 2002 Toyota Solara was holding up and what the car computer might tell me.First the cons :1 . The cord is too long . The total run from the ODB II port to where the unit ismounted is about a 15 inches , top . It would have been nice to have socketson both the plug and the SG II . Include a long and short cord , or just have itso that cat5e network cable could be used.Why ? Because storing the excess cable somewhere is a problem , I ended upstoring in inside the panel protecting the steering column , and may havecreated a short in one vehicle lighting circuits .2 . The velcro is too weak to hold the unit in place . I ended up using Radio ShackLockTite fasteners -LRB- the clear ones -RRB- instead .3 . The manual leaves a lot to be desired , especially the pictures which are so lowcontrast and dark they are useless . I had to go online and download themanual as a PDF file.Pros
 After reading several other reviews on the web for this product , I decided to place an order for one . I just received the unit this week and immediately hooked it up . You should set your engine size , fuel type -LRB- gas/diesel/hybrid -RRB- , units of measure , and your fuel tank size - rounded down to the nearest whole number to allow for the best accuracy in the scangauge . It 's a simple installation . Just plug it into your vehicle 's OBDII port and choose a suitable mounting location that does n't interfere with your other gauges or present a safety hazard . -LRB- velcro strips are included for no muss/no fuss installation , but you could devise a more permanent mount -RRB- Depending upon the parameters that your vehicle reports , here are some of the things this device can show you :4 sets of trip data is stored - Current Trip , Today 's Trip , Previous Day , and Current Tank . In addition , fuel economy , fuel used , maximum coolant temperature , distance , maximum rpm , drive time , maximum speed , average speed , distance to empty , time to empty , and amount of fuel to empty.The digital gauges are for fuel economy , fuel rate , digital speedometer , tachometer , manifold pressure , battery voltage , coolant temperature , intake air temperature , engine load , ignition timing , throttle position , and open/closed loop . You can display any choice of 4 of these digital gauges on the gauge screen at one time and it 's easy to cycle through them . Not all vehicles will report every one of the above parameters through the OBDII interface . If the data is not available for the chosen gauge , then there will be no display.The final thing that this gauge is useful for is to read and reset trouble codes and your `` check engine '' or `` service engine soon '' lamp . It captures the conditions present and stores them in flash memory if a trouble code is thrown so that you can review what state the various gauges were in when the trouble code triggered.Again , I just received this item this week , but did quite a bit of research on it before purchasing . I am very impressed by the amount of information the ScanGauge makes available . Utilizing the data , I believe I 'll be able to improve my gas mileage , as I will have instant feedback on my inputs as a driver . It 's fun to use too . One other thing I forgot to mention is that you can program the back-light to 63 different colors . It comes with 7 standard colors already programmed .
 Just plug it in and data starts coming out . Not flashy , but extremely useful . Can be used to replace expensive gauges as well as perform diagnostic work . Your frends will want to borrow it to check out their own vehicles . Variable color backlighting is very cool . One word of caution . Do not reset the error codes and then bring the car in for service if you think you have a real fault . The dealer will not be able to diagnose your car if you have reset everything . Also , telling the repair place what the error code was will not help . For example , MINI and BMW have an entirely separate set of error codes -LRB- not the government mandated P codes -RRB- that are only read using their proprietary diagnostic equipment . I use the ScanGauge as a supplemental gauge set since many modern cars with gauges do not display information in a straightforward way . The water temp may be `` filtered '' so that the gauge reads normal unless there is a wild excursion . Real temp variations are suppressed to avoid service calls .
 I purchased the ScanGauge II for my Mazda Miata because I missed certain gage functions from other cars . I programed the intake temperature as a proxy for outside temperature ; voltage ; instantaneous MPG and I have n't yet programmed average MPG . The programing for average MPG is explained , but the manual leaves a lot to be desired . Everything is explained , but the manual could be better organized . If the manual were better I 'd rate the ScanGauge II a 5 star . Installation is very easy as all that is required is to find the OBDII connector and plug it in . There are two calibrations , for engine size and tank capacity and a calibration after your first fillup . Simple once you struggle through that manual . Once everything is in place the ScanGaugeII works as promised . Setting the display background color was very easy and its a good match for the Miata 's red illumination . Again , a better organized manual and this would have been five stars .
 I have been able to increase the mileage on my '98 high mileage Ranger pickup from mid 17s all the time to mid 20s all the time now . No small deal . Other people I know who got one of these or something similar all seem to get about 10 % better by some changes in driving behavior . It 's human nature to see how well you can do . By watching some more engine parameters than just gas mileage , I am able to optimize shift points , speeds , etc. . If you have a car that already has a capable trip computer , you probably wo n't need this , although this will give you far more information . The added benefit of reading and RESETTING check engine codes is a really big deal . I used several times , saving plenty of money . I agree the manual is ummmm , not so good , but like another reviewer said , you can download the manual.There are lots of good reviews here to give you a decent feel for the device . All I add is , `` GO FOR IT ! ''
 Before the scan gauge I was able to get one tank at 35 mpg by changing my driving habits but then it started going back down to high 20 's even though I thought I was still driving better . I did n't know why the variation so I bought the scan gauge . Now I can instantly see how my driving affects my mpg and know what works and what does n't . I just filled up after my first full tank with the SGII and I got 41.8 mpg for the tank . Normally my fuel light will come on around 420 miles , this time I did n't fill up until 520 and the light still had not come on . I actually had 2 gallons left . The SGII will work great to help you achieve better fuel economy but you have to change your driving behavior . It is extremely easy to set up , I am a woman with no automotive skills/knowledge , and I had no problem . I even added a trip gauge to the display using the Xgauge feature so I can see the avg fe for the trip along with the current fe . This will pay for itself quickly at current gas prices . I highly recommend it .
 This is a great little device . I had been wanting one of the code-readers for my car for a while to debug problems when they come up and just never got around to it . I came across Scanguage , read up on it , and gave it a try . Basically you get the code-reading plus the extras of engine/vehicle information on the fly for just a little more than a normal handheld scanner/code-reader . Some of the info really does n't matter unless you 're specifically looking for it . Coolant temperature , for example - unless you 've recently done some work on your radiator , thermostat , or water pump you probably wo n't care about it . Even then , you can pretty much tell what you need looking at the on-dash temperature guage . All you really care about is , `` Is it in the red ? '' Still , it 's kind of cool that the information is there and if that gauge is broke this could fill in.Outside of the engine status you do get trip information which can be useful when you 're traveling down the road . The way that the Scanguage handles it really makes the most sense for most people . You get trip info based on
 This instrument was easy to install , very good directions and the instructions were clear for me.The instrument works as described and is well built . It will make a great addition to my gauges . especially the MPG and fuel useage.This will be very useful for me when traveling or around town.I reccomend it for anyone !
 I have many gauges in my ford , but this one by far is the best . It goes without saying how important monitoring the 6.0 is but with the x-gauges codes you can monitor almost everything except for fuel press and egt 's . Highly recommended !
 This is cool ! Keep track of average milage , miles/gallon , cost per mile , Plus guagestransmission temp , cylinder head temp , engine temp , timing , engine load , horse power , tourque , the only thing i can not get it to do is fuel pressure.this is also a code reader and will clear codes too . Have had mine about a 1.5 yearsgoing to purchase 2 more . The only people who wouldnt like this are ... . well you may know the type .
 This is my 2nd Scangauge . My 1st purchased several years ago always interfered with my favorite radio station at 100.1 FM . The new one -LRB- 2011 -RRB- did n't cause the same interference so I contacted Scangauge and the receptionist suggested I return my old one for a upgrade -LRB- new board -RRB- . I did and now no interference ! All at no charge !! These are neat little devices . You can monitor engine parameters in real time . Easy to read display .
 I decided to put a auxillary transmission cooler on my Trailblazer and orginally was looking to add a temp gauge so I could monitor it . The ScanGauge II cost about 5 times as much but it does about 20X what the temp gauge would have done ; plus it only takes a second to plug it into my other vehicle.Every gauge you can imagine is on this . I had to program the scripts for the Trans Temp from the web , but it was easy to do . The trip computer is really nice , since my blazer did n't come with Chevy 's Travel Center . -LRB- The vehicle still monitors all the feature , I just never knew it -RRB- The Scan Gauge II is worth every penny . It even allows you to look up codes immediately . I had an evap error pop up , and found my cas cap was n't on tight . Took less than a minute to get the code and tighten the cap .
 After 1 month , I 'm thoroughly impressed with this product . If you 're willing to adjust your driving habits a bit , you can use this device to really gain some MPGs on your car . It 's also really useful for diagnosing problems -LRB- reads more codes than most readers I 've used on my Honda -RRB- when you get a check engine light and such.If you 're a car nut and want to know more about how your car is running , or if you just want to get some real-time feedback about how fuel-efficient you 're driving , this is a great tool to have.I 'd highly recommend this product !
 I installed this on the top of my steering column on my '02 Jetta TDI . The extra gauges allow me to monitor way more parameters than my dash has ; I was even able to diagnose a thermostat that was opening way too soon -LRB- bad for fuel economy -RRB- , and learn how and where to drive for the best milage ! I 've increased my average by 10 mpg by chagnging the way I drive and my routes !! The color of the display is adjustable ; I was able to adjust it to match the color of my dash lights -LRB- an indigo-like color -RRB- so it looks almost factory at night , and it 's slim profile makes it easy to mount and blend in with the interior . It 's easy to install
 ordered Friday arrived Monday via US mail - free regular shippingreset a code within 30 seconds of plugging unit into cardefinitely a good buy
 Pro : Easy to use , Need to setup for correct reading.Con : No decimal point for some setup selections .
 I had been wanting a trip computer/info center for quite some time . This product is great . Even though the directions seem to be confusing , it is very easy to setup and use.If you plan to use to trouble shoot a vehicle other than the one you install it in , it would be advisable to purchase an extra cable .
 It is a great learning tool for increasing your gas mileage . Using the instant readouts you can adapt your driving strategy to get the most mileage . I 'm still working on getting 27mpg round trip to work with my Jeep . Best ever without the scangauge -LRB- checking tank to tank -RRB- is 23mpg -LRB- usually about 21mpg -RRB- . After getting the scanguage my tank to tank results is now running a little over 26mpg . Jeep Cherokee 4.0 liter 5-speed EPA rating 15city 19hwy 17combined . As added bonus is reads diagnostic codes and will reset your Check Engine Light .
 I really like this product , it has helped me to watch my quick starts and to stop the `` lead '' foot . I also have started to use neutral on coasting and downhill to help with my mpg . It has helped me improve my mileage by a couple of miles per gallon just by helping me watch what I am doing .
 Wow what a product !! I 've had this thing for a while now and I 'm still discovering more awesome features.I recommend this product TO EVERYONE that gets in my car . It 's great to help you keep your foot off of the loud peddle.UPDATE
 I 'm glad I found this on Amazon . I had been thinking about trading vehicles because my 06 Honda Van did not have gas mileage instrumentation . This thing is so easy to set up . If you can plug in a lamp , once you find the OBD plug , you can install this . It 's not glamorous but extremely functional . I added some of the X-guages and could be no more pleased.Charlie Herring
 This is great . It has never been off by more than 1/2 gallon when I fill up . I think the most useful ones were tank MPG and miles to empty . The directions are a little jumbled . As most things you learn how to use it by toying around with it till you find what your looking for .
 This product is a great addition to a vehicle that is not equipped with instrumentation to observe the parameters offered by this product . However , one must work with the directions to set up the product 's ability to compute miles per gallon . This is not a negative comment . The product is clever in that it uses other measurements that do not directly measuring fuel consumption . Even if you do n't calibrate it to the last mpg , you quickly see the results of your driving style and it gives you an opportunity develop a driving style that can improve your mileage .
 If you want to really change your driving style this tool will make the difference . If your vehicle did n't come with the MPG gauge like many now days do then this would be a good investment .
 Well this thing is as easy as tying your shoes laces . Plug in two wires , let it sit there for a few seconds and BOOM , it works . I still have to wait to fill up so I can calibrate that portion but everything else is good to go . This thing tells you everything you want to know about your vehicle components and more . The X-gauge is an awesome addition to an already great product . You can go the their website and review how to program the X-guages that are compatible with your specific vehicle . Do n't wait like I did . Order this NOW !!! As usual Amazon came through with the shipping . If you do n't want take my word for it , just look at the 300 + people that purchased it before me . Now I know exactly what my actual and average gas mileage is for my truck .
 After recently buying a car with an integral trip computer , and seeing the immediate benefit on gas mileage from seeing instantaneous and average mileage on it , I decided to retrofit a trip computer into my 2000 Toyota Solara , a great car , but no gas miser . The ScanGauge II came up in an Amazon search as a good possibility , and has turned out to be quite useful in helping adjust driving habits to improve mileage . It comes securely packaged with quick-start and reference pamphlets , a reasonably long cable , and two strips of double-sided foam adhesive.I knocked off a star because of the LCD display . It 's a little clunky - it 's a dot matrix display on which the gauge types and values are displayed in a large , boxy monospaced font - very 1990 's . Otherwise , the ScanGauge works perfectly.I readily located the OBD-II connector under the dashboard of the car , and was able to connect the ScanGauge with no difficulty - it comes with connectors on one end and on the back , to provide additional flexibility for cable routing and positioning . It took just a moment to recognize the particular protocol my car uses , and then came right up with a reasonable set of default selections on the gauge display page . Once I verified that it was working properly , I spent another half hour routing the cable up inside the dash to a receptacle above my radio , and mounting the ScanGauge in the receptacle , flush with the surface of the dash -LRB- it might take you far less time , if you 're less concerned with appearance -RRB- . It took another 30 seconds to adjust the background color of the LCD display to match that of the dashboard and receiver -LRB- a handful of pre-set color selections , plus 64 `` custom '' color selections are available -RRB- . The first and second gas tank fill-ups after installation each involved another 30 seconds of calibration -LRB- enter the gas price at the first , then gas price and number of gallons at the second -RRB- . At that point , additional features appear -LRB- time to empty , miles to empty , cost per mile , etc. -RRB- .
 It does everything advertised for my 2001 honda civic . i bought this specifically to monitor my air intake temp and coolant temp . i would buy again .
 ScanGauge II Ultra Compact 3-in-1 Automotive Computer with Customizable Real-Time Fuel Economy Digital GaugesBought this ScanGuage II for my 2010 Xterra Off Road prior to a trip we are taking at the end on the month . While the Xterra computer does n't report all the info I would have liked , this was certainly far easier than installing individual gauges and much more accurate as well . Works just as advertised . The hardest part of installation was deciding where to place the ScanGuage . The best feature is that I can move this from one vehicle to another as needed . Try that with hard mounted guages .
 I purchased this item to kinda see what I was getting for mileage , and to see what I could do to improve my MPG 's . I installed it into my 1997 GMC Suburban 1500 with a 5.7 liter -LRB- 350 CID -RRB- engine . I am a mobile DJ and need this big of a vechile for all of my equipment . I travel around 20,000 miles a year , so every MPG helps . I love all the information the unit gives me ! It has shown me in real time different ways to save gas ! I have to say this has more than paid back for it 's self , - again by showing me ways to say gas !! ScanGauge II Ultra Compact 3-in-1 Automotive Computer with Customizable Real-Time Fuel Economy Digital Gauges
 This thing is great , I get more info than I expected and it is very easy to use and setup .
 My car does have guages so this is great ! My gas guage is flaky and shows half full and then all of a sudden about empty . I programmed this little beauty to show me how many gallons of gas I have used and it is very acurate after only a few fill-ups adjustments . It also doubles as a great tool to view your computer codes if your check enging light pops on !
 This works as it is supposed to I have it set on average mileage , rpms , speed and trip mileage . It is an eye opener as to gas mileage and short trips . Works great as difference when pulling a trailer and little things to do to improve mileage .
 Product works as advertized , it was easy to calibrate to my 05 Ford Ranger . I wanted the transmission temp . and had to enter a code for it , it was easy to do and works very well . I did replace the supplied velcro mounting tape with some hook and loop tape from Radio Shack . It made the mounting more stable.I used the scan gauge in another vehicle to clear a fault code and it worked well and the problem was solved , no more `` check engine '' red light.ScanGauge II Ultra Compact 3-in-1 Automotive Computer with Customizable Real-Time Fuel Economy Digital Gauges
 Great product ! I put the new one in my 2011 Prius and the old one in my 2009 tacoma . I use them for tracking my gas mileage , travel mileage and especially miles to go before I run out of gas . I 've got 71000 miles on my 2 year old Prius -LRB- Series v -RRB- and like to minimize the number of times that I have to stop for gas . I have found that the Prius ` miles to go ' indicator is about 100 miles to low and the Scan Gage Is allowing me to travel to Phoenix from Denver on just one fill up rather than 2 that the Prius Gauge indicates . there are many many other features on the Scan Gage II that I use and think that you 'll find handy .
 The scangauge II is easy to use , probably need some speed adjustment and mpg adjustment to get the most accuracy out of it . Like mine i need to +2 mph to match my speedometer . Now my speedometer tally with my scangauge . The only cons for this equipment is it can only refresh every second so it not real time updating and not much info for xgauge coding except for horsepower .
 You do n't realize how much gas you waste if you are n't consciously aware of how you are driving . I was averaging about 28MPG before buying this gem . With this installed I have been watching how I drive and have been averaging about 32MPG . Wow what a difference ! It has become somewhat of a game for me , since I have a fairly long commute , to see how much I can improve my mileage . It is kind of interesting finding out ways to get that extra bang for the buck.I liked it so much I bought one for the wife 's car as well . The OBDII scanner is also very handy . With it I was able to diagnose a couple of problems with our high mileage vehicle and make the repairs needed for over half off what the dealer would have charged . The XGuage feature is also very nice . Customize what you want to see.I highly recommend this for anyone needing an OBDII scanner . I am not sure which is the icing on the cake the gauges or the OBDII scanner . This is a very useful product .
 I would recommend the scangauge to anyone who likes to see what is going on under the hood . I 've been able to improve driving habits by watching my gas mileage , and I was also notified of some trouble codes I did n't know were there . Great product , easy to use , I would recommend this product to anyone .
 This product is excellent . All the informations I wanted to monitor are at my finger tips . Based on the data seen on the ScanGauge II screen I was able to save around 15 % gas.Congratulations for your fine product.Paul V. Matei
 Well worth the money to track your fuel mileage and fuel usage history.Especially for vehicles without fuel usage meters already built in.Also tells other useful info but not as important as the fuel mileage and the ability to check trouble codes that may be popping up on your `` Check engine light `` Read the code and do a google search for that code and you can easily diagnose what problem -LRB- s -RRB- you may be having.If your mechanically able you can purchase the part and replace them yourself . That alone can save you what you purchased the Scanguage2.Also to get you vehicle checked at the dealership would cost around $ 100 depending on dealership and what their rates are.And after you are complete with the repair you can reset the on board computer .
 The device provides valuable information for the thoughtful operator.Some of it is only occasionally valuable , but when needed , facts are easy to get . On the other hand , the ScanGauge provides quite a bit of information of value from time to time - cost per mile -LRB- recalculated every second or so -RRB- , remaining range & trip data , for example.For me , the greatest value comes from parameters that can guide the most economical operation -- I like to display current speed , MPG , fuel flow and throttle position setting in the default setting ; it trains me to be more efficient -- becomes a bit of a game to maximize efficiency or maintain a certain minimum MPG.Aviators have an additional consideration - travel time -LRB- and speed -RRB- which also has a `` cost '' . If my time is worth $ 20/hour , what 's the optimum mix of speed & fuel consumption ? A commuter might want to use a spreadsheet to guide future operations . Land economists suspect the value of a commuter 's time is about half his hourly earnings . Consider working out your optimum trip plan if a lot of your time is spent commuting . You may be surprised to see the value of choosing to live elsewhere or finding a job closer to home.The manual is adequate , but I 'd like to see a better one .
 Product works very well , but is built a little on the cheap side . It would be nice to have something a little better than velcro to hold it in place ... something that allowed angle adjustment to keep the sun from reflecting . It would also be nice to have the cable connect on the left side too . So far the device has caused me to modify certain aspects of my driving habits ... this has resulted in about 4 miles per gallon increase in my MPG . I really have n't had time to play with much of the other stuff . I use MPG -LRB- live -RRB- , Throttle Postion , Speed and RPM in the gauge mode most of the time . These seem to be the primary pieces of info that mean something to me going down the road . Fuel economy is not as accurate as I had hoped ... it seems to vary on the `` adjustment '' percentage from fillup to fillup by about 3 to 4 percent . Still it lets me see exactly how my behavior on the throttle affects my mileage on the road .
 It has been 5 weeks since I installed and used the ScanGauge on my 2001 Diesel VW New Beattle . The install was a simple as the instructions and others online indicated . Placed the unit up onto of my dashboard and cover it with a towel during the summer heat . This helps with the adhesive.Following the instructions I fine tuned calibrated the unit using my GPS indicated speed to adjust to the tire size , not off enough to worry about . I also adjust the fuel used by refilling from the same pump each time and allowing the nozzle to simply shut off and not pump more . That has been a significant change in the accuracy of the unit as it was off nearly 20 % in overestimating my fuel use . After three refills the unit seems more on the mark with my actual fuel use.While using the unit I initally tried the X gauge however the instant fuel used was not as useful as when I simply starting using only the calculated MPG per trip . This now has helped me to realize at least a 10MPG per trip improvement as I manually shift at the more appropriate times and smile quite large when after driving to or from work and see a typical 50 + MPG for the trip when previous to the gauge I would often fill up to 35 MPG per tank.For a gadget geek this is nearly what I wanted , would be nice if the unit allowed the X gauge to reflect trip MPG however using the trip mpg is all I REALLY need .
 My brother asked me to buy him the ScanGauge II for his birthday . This is his review : `` ScanGauge is helping me get 4-5 MPG better than I was . It is training me to drive more fuel efficiently . In my daily commute to work , about 45 miles , I 've increased my MPG from about 20 MPG to 24-25 MPG.I 've found that maintaining a steady speed is the main way to higher MPGs . Also , coasting where possible really runs up the MPGs . It 's the immediate real time feedback it gives that puts you in control . It 's fun to drive to work to see how high I can get the MPGs to go ... Thanks , A Happy User .
 I 'm a retired Garage/Owner before retirement I sold my business , the sale included all garage equipment , tools which included a Pro Link diagnostic tool.A few years later I realized I needed to have OBDII scanner after hearing about ScanGauge II , I purchased one . I 'm completely satisfied with it and its performance I 've been able to used it on two different vehicles , it will do most everything a Pro Link does and you do n't have to purchase software for different makes of automibles . 5 Stars and more
 This product performs exactly as advertised . It works well , and was easy to program for customized gauges . It certainly helps me understand the impact of driving at different speeds and acceleration rates . I was already a thrifty driver , but this is making me even more so . Unfortunately , it 's also causing me to obsess about my fuel economy . That 's a good thing , I suppose , but it makes it a little harder to relax behind the wheel . : -RRB-
 I purchased the scangaugeshortly after purchasing my car so I could follow mileage and other engine stats - I has worked as advertised . After calibrating the unit thru three tanks of gasolinr the unit gives acturate MPG figures . Other engine stats are very acturate also .
 I bought this one for my daughter 's boy friend because he was always finding reasons to borrow mine . I think this is all I need to say about its usefulness and what I think of it .
 I bought this to help me save money when pulling my travel trailer . I had been checking MPG at each fill up but was getting wide swings and was n't sure why . This device helped me understand what I was doping wrong and trained me to drive smarter . The fuel savings has paid for this gauge ; it 's well worth the money .
 Product as advertized and quick shipment . Analyzed vehicle issue , correctly repaired vehicle , no more check engine light .
 I grabbed this off my Wish List after getting some gift cards for my Birthday . My girlfriend thinks I am nuts but I love gadgets and my car is old enough to not have the better trip computers that most new cars do.I have mainly been using it for gas mileage tracking and fuel costs . You calibrate the tank size and actual usage as you dice and the mileage readings get more accurate as you go . I treat trips in my car like a video game now , learning how much foot on the pedal drops the mileage and how a little coasting to stop signs and lights can really crank up the mileage.It reads any check engine codes and resets them with the push of a button also.The gauge has numerous setting to let you set it up just how you like it . There are other gauges that I have n't gotten around to playing with yet but will over time.I cna unhook it and move it to one of our other cars if I need to check a code or want to see how things are running or for longer trips.If it holds up I 'll be using it for a long time .
 This device has shown me how I can save at least 15 % on my monthly gas bill by helping improve my driving habits . It also shows information that will help me save money on repairs.Easy to install . Great product !
 This item was excelent , very easy to install and add a gauge . I added the hourse power gauge and it 's about dead on . The amount of gauges is very useful to determine certain vehicle failures like over heating -LRB- on cars without an actual gauge or faulty instrument gauge -RRB- , RPMs -LRB- on vehilces without a tachometer , or a faulty one -RRB- , fuel pressure , ect . It has already helped me determine that one of my cars needs a new O2 sensor and I 've only had it for about an hour . It 's useful for a shop mechanic too , they wo n't have to read codes if you already have one of these . The trip features are useful to see where your miles per gallon -LRB- MPG -RRB- stand . Helps to improve an economicly friendly driving habit by seeing how much fuel you 're using per hour . Also allows for you to see long distance . The descrition of this item was exact when viewing the product 's website . It 's a must have for the tuner .
 ScanGauge II Ultra Compact 3-in-1 Automotive Computer with Customizable Real-Time Fuel Economy Digital GaugesHave been using for 15 months and use it on 2 vehicles a V8 Ford Expedition and a Honda Accord 4Cyl . Primarily use it on the Ford . Has made my foot much lighter on the throttle . We live on the prairies and often have nice breezes . Even a 15 MPH breeze can reduce MPG by 3 MPG . My only beef is that the unit is very sensitive to warm temperatures . I have to continually move it to a shady place or the screen will blank out . Some time the blank out is so severe that it looses stored information . The unit produces a lot of heat itself so heat from the sun trips it to a blank screen . The unit should have a large heat sink to dissipate heat . Over all I would not be with out it .
 I wish they had more then Stars 5 because I would give it 10 Stars !!! I 've had this for over 2 years now and I have diesel truck and this thing does it all , plus I can take it from the truck to the car ! This little thing saved me at least $ 3,000 on my truck , I seen the problem and fix it before it got bad ! Thanks Scangauge
 I bought this to read and clear trouble codes but the X-Gauge displays are great.Installation was very quick . The OBD connector -LRB- at least in my Honda -RRB- is not buried in the wiring under the dash . It 's mounted on the bottom edge of the dash sheet metal just above the gas pedal , very easy to find.I mounted the ScanGauge on my steering column cover with the supplied velcro in a few minutes . It 's very light so the velcro works and it blocks only part of my odometer.It displays your choice of four gauges and many of the ` gauges ' are things never available in a ` gauge ' before like instant , trip and ave. MPG and intake air temp . The data is fascinating .
 After ordering and then waiting 2 months for a similar ` less expensive ' solution , and having it fail -LRB- twice - after replacement of the first one at my expense -RRB- , I ordered the ScanGauge II . Even before purchasing the ScanGauge II I was in contact with the manufacturer regarding issues I had with the ` less expensive ' option I chose first . Instead of berating the other option , the manufacturer rep explained the differences , assured me I would not experience the same , or similar issues , with the ScanGauge or they would make it right . Responses to my inquiries -LRB- email -RRB- were answered the same day if sent by 4:30 pm MST . If sent after that , I had a response in my inbox by 9:00 am the next day . There was even an offer to visit the Manufacturer any time I was in the area.Having that assurance , I ordered the ScanGauge and have been very pleased with the performance . Instead of a short warm-up period , the Scangauge immediately recognized my vehicle -LRB- 2007 Hummer H-3 -RRB- and went to work . I performed the short ` customization ' for my vehicle -LRB- gas tank size , engine size , MPH , Gallons , and display color -RRB- which took all of about 2 minutes.The gas tank fill-up procedure is pretty bullet-proof and Scangauge gets it right after following the 2 fill-up procedure.Location of the ScanGauge proved to be a slight challenge due to the design of the Hummer H3 instrument panel setup . However , a little bit of Velcro on the bottom of the ScanGauge , and some creative routing of the cable , the ScanGauge sits very well on the Dashmat.I am EXTREMELY pleased with the operation of the ScanGauge with one reservation . The Miles Per Gallon calculation is limited to one decimal place -LRB- as in 20.1 -RRB- For a numbers person like me , seeing at least 3 decimal places is preferred and could maybe be implemented in the future . That being said , the 4-gauge monitor providing instantaneous readouts on for example on MPH , MPG , Coolant Temp and Speed is the way to go -LRB- recognizing there are many other choices for display including instantaneous readings for trips taken today , yesterday and overall -RRB- .
 I recently got ambitious and decided to install a Scangauge II . I purchased this particular device because of the positive reviews it had on Amazon . My unit was a little over a year old and although it had never been previously installed I sadly discovered that it did not work in my 2007 Hybrid Highlander . Nothing at all appeared on the screen . It was just dead . I called the company in Arizona to find out how much it would cost to get it repaired . I was amazed when they said the repair would be free . After all the unit was a month or two out of warranty but they said this would not a problem.I sent the unit back to them last Tuesday , and on Saturday in four days I received the repaired -LRB- or replaced -RRB- unit . I was amazed by the prompt service . You can imagine how delighted I was when I plugged it in and it worked fine ! I have been playing with the multitude of screens and settings possible . I took a brief drive and it seems to agree with my built in gauges but also includes much more information . I am sure it will help me desire to find the most fuel efficient route between home and work . I have several possible routes , but it is difficult to guess which is better for fuel consumption.It is not every day that a supplier impresses me with service ! After this good experience I thought I owed the company a very positive review .
 I have owned this gauge for 2 months now . It does everything it says it will , is easy to navigate and unobtrusive on the dash . Incidentally , if you own a Hyundai , you can not use the rear view mirror mount kit . I have mine on the dash of my Hyundia Entourage -LRB- mini-van -RRB- . I bought it primarily for fuel monitoring . I have increased my MPG by 60 % since using the ScanGauge II . Having a real time read out of my fuel usage has been an excellent incentive to drive more conservatively . It has also enabled me to determine the effect of A/C , fan , and electronic accesories have on my MPG . I have also made use of the scan feature a couple of times to interrogate the system . I strongly recommend this product to anyone who wants to increase their fuel efficiency or who likes having as much information about their vehicle as possible -LRB- particularly before going to the mechanic -RRB- .
 I use this item on two different cars and have found changing my driving habits can save gas dollars and increase miles per gallon . I use it mainly to get optimum mpg . The unit calculates many other functions by interfacing with your car 's computer . If you get a `` check engine '' light you can read the codes and determine what is wrong before you `` take it in '' for repair . It plugs in easily to your car 's computer . The only small request would be to have a connector input on the left side of the unit . It already has one in the rear and right side . I think and great investment and it 's made in the U.S.A.
 The ScanGauge-II does everything it claims to do . It is very handy for watching my fuel economy , among other things . I do not regret buying this product at all .
 The scan gauge II is everything that was promised and works great . The price was reasonable as well . The instructions were well written and easy to follow which is unusual in this day and age . I had no problem using the unit and would recommend it to anyone interested . I am very pleased with my purchase and rate it 5 stars .
 Everything you could possibly want to know about your vehicle 's performance in in this box ! This is by far the coolest geek toy I have got in a long time . I just bought a Ford Escape Hybrid and it did n't come with the fancy graphic screen that monitors all the hybrid details , so the ScanGauge is perfect . I wanted to learn how to drive the hybrid in the most effective way to get the best possible gas mileage . The Gauge shows me the voltage and state of charge of the traction battery bank which is a huge asset for a hybrid vehicle . In hot weather I have set it to tell me when the air conditioner compressor is ON or OFF so I can decide when to turn it down or off to save energy.While it is particularly useful for a hybrid , using the ScanGauge with ANY vehicle will help you learn how to drive more economically because it shows real time MPG and you can compare average MPG for trips for today and yesterday to see how you are going . Also $ / mile or gallons per hour if you want , and many other educational data points . Basically you have to learn to drive as if there is an egg under the gas pedal ! That and drive slower - like a geezer , and you will be surprised how much gas you can save!Warning to the techno impaired - this thing requires some geek skills to set up and install - particularly for hybrids , as you have to program it to show the hybrid functions with lots of use of mode buttons - you have to enter multiple digit codes using 4 menu buttons . The manual is OK and walks you through the setup pretty well , but be prepared to spend an hour or so setting it up for the special features . You 'll also need to go on-line to find the special OBD codes for your particular vehicle .
 As a 12 yr auto technician I am totally impressed with this item . It gives me at a glance any variable I want to know . I love the fact that it learns by variable -LRB- when you fill up you adjust the gallons used -RRB- . Very nice product for an exremely well suited price !
 This gauge can easily pay for itself in less than a year . As fuel prices continue to rise , I wanted to know exactly how my driving was affecting my fuel economy . This tool will allow you to do just that . I 've bumped up my miles/gallon from about 20 to over 25 in a little over a month using this tool to slightly modify my driving . You can monitor instantaneous MPG , trip MPG , daily MPG , MPH , RPMs , instantaneous fuel usage -LRB- gal/hr -RRB- , and many , many other data points . Has the ability to be programmed with ` Xgauge ' . It also reads computer codes , if your check engine light is on . Highly recommended!Cons : Limited memory , only stores data from last tank , day and tripIt would be nice to be able to graph data on a pc
 I purchased the ScanGauge to track instantaneous gas mileage of my truck in these times of high gas prices . I had the unit up and running in no time , and it performed exactly as I wanted . Amazon 's performance in delivering on time was at its usual - excellent!CBN
 Great product , easy to install , and very useful in getting improved fuel economy . Only one problem
 It took me about 5 minutes to install and enter the setup parameters
 I purchased this product after reading positive reviews from other users on the View/Navion Users Group on Yahoo . Purchase experience was easy , installation was simple -LRB- although I had to re-route the OPD plug slightly -RRB- and setup went fast . Since this is installed in an RV I have n't had that much time to play with it and judge the functionality of the product . What time I have used it it seems to work well and can give the user a wealth of info about his vehicle .
 Since I 've been using this and paying attention to my MPG I 've saved 3-4 MPG per tank . That adds up ! Also , it 's a fun knowing what the engine is doing . I have n't written any programs for it yet in the xgague mode nor have I used it to read an error code , but I plan on it . this thing will pay for itself easily with the 4 dollar gas now .
 Mainly wanted a way to read the codes and clear them . This unit does that and much more.Easy to install , good instruction manual and easy to program.Satisfied customer here .
 Excellent product . I have recommended it to others . Every car should have one .
 Heavily overpriced , honestly , the electronics in this gadget ca n't be more than $ 20 , if more commonly used . Every car should come with this anyways!But I will say it has changed my driving style , i can watch the MPG updated every second , and over the last 3 or 4 fillups I have saved at least 10 % without any serious effort . Manual is pretty clear . Cable is long enough for people in the backseat to play with it .
 I bought this for my 99 Nissan frontier . prob the best and cheapest computer u can get for your car or truck . can read everything from gas mileage to coolant temp . A must buy for anyone who likes to read there gauges .
 The Scanguage II is a comprehensive automotive fuel and system monitoring device that comes with everything you need and the great thing about it is you just plug it in and program in your particular vehical -LRB- must be 1996 or newer -RRB- and it just can tell you about anything you might want to know about your car 's systems in real time or it stores the info for later . Wonderful device for people who are interested in saving fuel .5 stars for ease of operation ! Clark WoodardPresident , -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This thing works like a charm , does everything you need , and I can use it from car to car to motorhome , love it !
 Got this as a Christmas gift for my son , who is into cars . He loves it , and is impressed by all the readings he can create based on different scenarios . A bit expensive , but turned out to be a great gift to a car lover .
 Bought this for my husband 's christmas . He loves it . He can clear codes and follow his daily miles per gallon . Does exactly what he wanted it to do .
 I like it for sure it has giving me the problem codes and the check engine light was turn off , the scangauge screen did not come with a protective film -LRB- scratches -RRB- like the cell phone have when new . The problem codes dont come in the manual -LRB- its cool i found them on the internet -RRB- . Many more gauges readings come in the scangauge than they original tell here -LRB- Great -RRB- . Its a little confusing at start when configuring but as you use it you then fly by the programing methods . If you loose the manual you can find it at there website . The screen might get damage if over heating of over expose to heat car interior -LRB- Heads Up ! -RRB- . Locating a good spot for it is not that easy dont over bend the cable . Over time i 'll see if it was a good investment or not , for sure if the Scangauge III comes up i 'll buy it , if the previous one is still working . : -RRB-
 This product works well , but is too expensive and needs a swivel mount bracket . For $ 160 the only mounting hardware included is double-stick velcro ! Consequently , your only alternative is to stick it to the angled surfaces of your dash or steering column , which makes it difficult to find the best viewing angle.As far as the price , I found a discount code online that reduced it nearly 20 % . After two years it still works great .
 This gauge set is the best purchase I have made here since myNOCO Genius G3500 6V/12V 3.5 A Automatic Multi-Purpose Battery Charger and Maintainer -LRB- Grey -RRB- and it ranks right up there with it as far as quality . I 'm an auto mechanic , paid $ 159.95 for this set and charge my customers $ 49 to run a diagnostic using this exact tool , so it paid for itself after 3 tests .
 I guess you will know before you read this if this is the product for you , cuz , its like it says . I think it is awsome to check my continuous mpg . I can see how much my a/c cost me , if its worth drafting a semi that isnt driving `` smoothly '' -LRB- it is not -RRB- , hills and start ups are killers no matter what , coasting gets really high . Of course most of it is common sense , but it is great to see and know better descisions to make , like gradually slowing into the hill and coasting down or mildly accellerating for the next . I drive stick and it gets weird when you shift , but really , thats whats happening , your coasting and usually droping rpm . My car is a 2007 Matrix , and it pluged into a 1998 Ford Contour and it was automatic , good gas milage in coast but not as much . It was all plug and play , you can set up gas tank size and fill up points and stuff also change mph to kph and psi to somthin and farenheight to celcius also the colored background changes and dims . It has voltage and water temp , rpm -LRB- matches mine aprox . -RRB- , speedometer -LRB- better than mine more like gps estamites -RRB- . I admitt it can be redundant to have some options , but you can just pick another to watch , and a back up speedometer , tackometer , water temp , voltage , ect is neat . I dont have a problem and cant really test its abilities to help with codes and whatnot , but it seems acurate -LRB- choppy sampling -RRB- and beleive you could use it to troubleshoot and reset codes . I think it is a delight to have . Actually save me time too . I thought because my car sits at higher rpms at high speeds -LRB- above 50 -RRB- it got way worse milage high up their , but I found if I play hills hitting 65mph and slowly ease back -LRB- by not compinsating for the hill -RRB- is maybe the best . I think this stuff should come stock on cars . Really , the computer and readings are all thier , this is just a basic iterface . but then again I would like to see back up manual window cranks just in case of rain even if its one handle that sits in the glove box for emergencies or when it becomes a pos . I know the dealers got better , but how many tens of thousands of dollars was it for their diagnostic tool . I really like this , but I thought I would like it anyway so I 'm sure you know if you like it too . Or , like some others said just back off the gas -LRB- starts , coast , NO accelleration in hills , very constant throttle even a touch could be 10mpg !!! , no a/c sorry my fave too ! I wonder if larger cars are less affected by a/c . Opening windows in my car wasnt much difference -LRB- only one all way -RRB- . I want to plug this into more cars . Prius anyone ? lol ! Hummer ? LOL ALOT ! Hope this helped you , I thought it was fun even if you just take the tips and you know why I am in the right lane trying not to drive like a moron , but watching my gas . P.S. WATCH THE ROAD . Its really nice to watch others drive with it -LRB- although I have watched it while driving -RRB- . Thanks Amazon woooooo !
 Installed the first scanGauge II . Set up was easy . However , first unit went blank and lost all data -LRB- fuel tank use -RRB- twice during the first week of use . Amazon promptly replaced the unit , no questions asked . I had the new unit up and working before the bad unit arrived back at Amazon . You 'll wonder how you lived without it . It is simple and accurate . Now the second unit failed , went blank , then displayed weird characters . Luckily , Amazon has been great with their part in this but i would not recommend this item to anyone . I 've added these comments after the fact . Amazon would not allow me to change my original star rating . I would have reduced the stars to one or two .
 I bought this for readings for my 6.0 Ford F250 . In addition to the ECT/EOT . -LRB- For those of you that have the 6.0 with the infamous problems related to it , this is device is a MUST ! -RRB- it also gave me readings on my FICM output , voltage , and many more . I was able to custom program every code available into this gauge , which gives me real time info . For the information it is able to give you , the price is insignificant . You can also remove it , and use it to I.D. problems with other vehicles if necessary .
 This product is so versatile that you can costume set the parameters that of interests to the user . Most importantly , It can reset any if not all Engine check notifications without sending your vehicle to a repair shop . This saves money and most of all vehicle down time.This device also bring your awareness of your driving habit when you drive as it displays dynamic Miles Per Gallon usage of your vehicle as well as the average value on all of your driving distance traveled.Beautiful Idea .
 ok , if you read the reviews , you will see lots of `` oh the cord is so long , it has to run by the brake pedals , its not 100 % accurate '' blah blah wah wah . This device simply reads and displays what the vehicles computer is showing . is anything 100 % accurate ? hardly . but it does a good job . for the people who say its not helping my mpg , are u kidding ? this device does not have anything to do with CONTROLLING your mpgs , your FOOT does ! the only way this helps is as a reminder that if you drive like an idiot , u use more gas . if u need a computer to tell u that , dont drive ! yes the cord routes by the pedals , thats where OBD ports are . not everything in the world can be bluetooth , deal with it . use a little common sense and route the cord . this thing is handy , and works as advertised . only reason im taking a star away , is that it is a little expensive for what it is , however , with my luck , now that ive bought it , the price will drop . overall a great gadget , that can be saved and used on any future vehicles i may buy.EDIT / UPDATE
 I purchased the ScanGuage II , and although it worked correctly , the display would only stay illuminated for 30 seconds and then go to sleep.I emailed ScanGuage directly with my perdiciment , and I was informed that it was an annomoly with my particular vehicle . The good news was that it was an easy fix in that I just had to change one setting on my unit and it worked perfectly.Great Customer Service !
 My 2012 Jetta came without a coolant temperature gauge . I know now many high price cars no longer have them and I 'm just about sold on the idea that they 're not necessary . Nevertheless I 'm too old and been relying on one too long to change . With this device I now have one and it 's WAY more accurate than the ones that are factory installed . In addition I like seeing the voltage the battery is putting out . I just installed it today and the other gauges I have displayed are RPM and speed . Do n't need the last two as the car has these but it 's nice knowing that the ScanGauge agrees with the car instruments . I 'll use the MPG stuff if I ever figure it out . The cable was really easy to hide . I placed the device atop the steering column . It sits below the instruments . The light is not really bright enough to see well in the daytime especially with dark glasses . Way cheaper then my first idea which was to put in a coolant Temp . gauge from under the hood .
 I bought this in July 2008 . It worked perfectly until early 2012 . Started having some issues with not showing all readings . I emailed the company and asked about repair . They responded immediately and offered to check it out for free if I 'd mail it in . I did . They called a couple of times to ask me questions about my vehicle and exactly what the issues were since the unit checked out perfectly . They then mailed it back -LRB- at their expense -RRB- with a brand new cable ! It works perfectly again ! All this long after the warranty expired . That 's excellent customer service!FYI
 I have an original Scangauge in my work vehicle , and the ScangaugeII in my pickup . Since owning a SGII , I have had to contact customer support once . A real live person answered the phone , and assisted me in the proper setting for my vehicle . I just recently had the SGII updated . I am still learning all of the new capabilities of the updated software . There is so much to learn . So many more functions.I really like this unit , and am looking to by the `` e '' version for my work vehicle and retire the old Scangauge in it.The only `` con '' to this unit is the size . I would like to have a slightly larger unit that would be easier to read . But if you drive a small vehicle with not much `` add on '' room in the cockpit , this unit is perfect.While the `` pros '' are many , I would have to say that the customer support is by far the best I have encountered in years . Great people to work with . And if you live in Arizona , you can just drop by the office .
 First of all , this is a GREAT product . It changed the way I drive . It operates on the principle of `` Hey Dummy you are getting less miles a gallon at your speed so slow down '' . I know everyone with a brain knows driving slower saves more gas but looking at the real time milage does something to you . Unfortunately you have to spend money and buy this product to experience this . I used to get 400 miles per gas tank , but now I get almost 500 miles . There are enough reviews on this product so I will review how to buy this product from Amazon instead . I placed this item in my cart at one hundred nineteen dollars -LRB- Amazon does not allow me to put numeric pricing for obvious reasons aka censorship -RRB- but did not buy it right away . The next day when I was about to purchase it , the price showed one hundred fourty-nine dollars ! WTH ? I then removed it off my cart and refused to be a victim of Amazon 's product price games . Later that day , when I searched for it again on Amazon I saw the lower one hundred nineteen dollars . I then purchased it right away . If you want this at a lower price and can wait a few days or more , just place it in your cart and wait for the price to drop . Its a no brainer that the product pricing on Amazon is just like the stock market as it goes up or down in price . I ca n't promise you that it will be one one nine again , but you should see it lower than the current one five nine price . Good Luck !
 This tool is wonderful for monitoring real-time fuel usage and engine gauges . I have increased by MPG from 32 to 39 by just watching closer to how the reacts to different road conditions and driving habits .
 I bought this for my husband , per his request , for Christmas . He loves it . The only reason we are rating it 4 out of 5 is because the product information leads you to believe it already has all the features programmed onto it , but in reality you have to do that yourself ... which he is not as keen on lol . If you are game , then 5 out of 5 easy !
 I have 2 other scangauges in other cars but this is a newer version . I 'm going to have to upgrade the older two as the firmware in this model is very good . It tells you anything your PCM will report . Turbo boost is one that is now part of the firmware instead of having to write your own using the programming features . It will give you a miles-to-empty feature if you tell it your gas tank size which none of my vehicles have built in . It 's also good to see the real temperature of the coolant which led me to find my Volkswagen thermostat had failed open . You can use the instant MPG feature to alter your driving habits to save fuel and money . Come emissions testing time if you have any Check Engine lights it will tell you what the codes are -LRB- then google them for your make and model car -RRB- and you can fix them yourself and clear the codes and drive the car around until it is ready to pass emissions.I got it on sale at Amazon and save some money over the ones I already had . . so no complaints there either .
 I have used the older version of this gauge , which I found to be an excellent buy . This version has some more useful functions . The price is unbeatable . I mounted it on top of my steering column using Velcro tape .
 best thing I buy see how many MPG I getting and read out code like the check engine light help me save money and time I would tell everybody for this
 This unit is amazing . It 's not only a scan tool for reading trouble codes on OBDII equipted vehicles . It also is capable of monitoring hunderds of operating parameters and displaying up to four of them , continously . One of the best purchases I 've made for my sportscar . Zoom Zoom !
 I bought the Scan Gauge II for one purpose and that was for the transmission temperature gauge for my Silverado . The other option was to replace the dash cluster with one that had the transmission temperature gauge and the Scan Gauge was cheaper by a long shot . Besides having the gauge I was wanting now I 've got several others to like the actual water temperature plus the ability to identify and clear engine codes . I 've had it on my truck long enough now to say that this is a good product . It works like it 's supposed to and unlike a lot of the blue tooth units that transmit the info to the smart phone the Scan Gauge does n't have to be reprogrammed every time it 's turned on from the last time you used it . The Scan Gauge comes back on with the same display every time .
 Every thing works as advertised and helps me to save gas more than just a little too . also I was troubled with a constant check engine light and I found that it was a low voltage problem that a new ground wire fixed . and the scan gaugeII turned that light off for me .
 There 's no better way to add a full trip computer to any car . After entering all the parameters and calibrating for 3 tanks , the mileage numbers reported in my Fit are within 0.2 % of actual . It 's also very nice to know exactly what is going on with your car instead of the three or four dumbed down gauges provided by many manufacturers nowadays.The X-Gauge function really expands the units usefulness . I added a gauge to show current trip average fuel economy as one of my four displays . In a friend 's Forester XT a math equation calculates boost pressure in bars -LRB- from the MAP sensor -RRB- and displays it as one of the four gauges .
 Just got my ScanGuage II this afternoon . I already think it 's the best accessory I 've bought for my smart car . It 's a nice compact size , powered from the OBD2 port and has exactly the right gauges on each screen.Highly recommended for any car enthusiast .
 Last year when I was trying to stretch my gas dollars I came across this product as a reader of '' -LSB- ... -RSB- '' - the `` hypermilers '' who had the most valuable tips . This education helped me to get a better mileage car , and then a gadget with instant read-out of my gas mileage.The Scangauge II may cost a little more than other gadgets , but then - this is a real computer with about 40 different read-outs , worth every penny . Not only does it give you second by second reading of MPG , but also battery charge , intake and water temp , RPM , and more . Above all it works as a code reader when the check engine light comes on . This check alone will cost you $ 50 - $ 70 at a garage , so this Scangauge pays for itself in one or 2 readings.By the way , my average gas mileage for a 98 Toyota Corolla has improved from 32MPG to 35.70 , or +11.5 % . I 'm still on an upside momentum and hope to get as many as 37 - 39MPG . Anyone who considers keeping REAL money in their wallet by stretching your dollars on every trip is well advised to buy the ScanGauge II .
 The Scan Gauge is a product that works precisely as described . Installation took 5 minutes , setting it up took about 15 minutes -LRB- mostly because I played around with all the really useful settings ... -RRB- . Definitely a car junkie 's favorite toy . I can monitor almost any function I want , right now it monitors water temp , rpm 's , volts and instant mpg . Easy to get to the ave. mpg per tankful , just 2 button pushes away , not as difficult to use as some reviewers have stated . It saved me a $ 70 code read , and I found that I have no malfunctions at this time . Also , the unit can be rapidly unplugged , hooked to a second vehicle for diagnosis -LRB- and you can shut off the `` check engine '' light once you have repaired the issue -RRB- , and returned to the original car in minutes.I can not recommend it highly enough .
 I bought this item in the beginning of Janruary thinking `` hey this is pretty cool , I 'll have realtime gas mileage , engine temp , etc. just like the fancy cars '' -LRB- Apparently I bought my Honda Accord package one step down from the ones that display these features -RRB- . I did n't think I would be using the code scanner anytime soon . Well , two weeks ago I was replacing my car 's stereo and had unplugged the battery cable . When I was finished and pluged the battery back in and started the car , my check engine light came on . I cursed a few times -LRB- because the check engine light is sooo helpful -RRB- , but then remembered about this gadget . What better time to try it out ? I turned it on and hit the button and got three error codes . I wrote down the codes , searched them on the computer and apparently I had tripped a sensor when I plugged the battery back in . The information I found said to reset the code and if the light does n't come on again , I am ok . Went back to the car , reset the codes , and everything works fine . Then I thought about how much hassle the dealership would have put me through just to reset this stupid code . Definitely worth my money .
 A VCR is harder to use . Setup is a no brainer.ScanGauge is cheaper then most ad-on gauges , with a lot of settings to display ; can display 4 . Reads car codes , can tell those dumy lights to turn off . Easy to move from car to car.Web site
 The ScangaugeII was well worth the money spent on it . Installation is a snap and the unit is very easy to setup and navigate through the different functions . Gives you a realtime readout of all of your vehicle vital signs and them some .
 I bought the ScanGauge for myself with christmass money . It works as advertised and I refer to the display constantly while driving . I use the system in my 2006 Chev truck and have cleared codes on other cars as well . Very easy to move from car to car to clear codes ! My truck did not come with the computer and now I can access more features than if it did.I rate this item and 10 both for ease of use and quality .
 Great Product , easy to install , just plugged it in and started using it . My new car did not offer a trip and mileage computer so I have been looking for a product like this . Used it on a long trip and tracked fuel mileage and cost . It has more functions that any factory computer I have ever used and I would recommend this product .
 This is my second scan gauge . The first one was left in my 2006 Pontiac GTO when I traded it . This device is a very niceitem to have if you are interested in keeping an eye on the various gauge readings that are being generated by the ECU.I have mine set up for engine water temp , Battery voltage , Boost/Vaccum , manifold intake temp . This is a very nice instrument
 Bought this for our 2002 Hyundai Santa Fe to have a mileage computer . It took me quite a while to get it calibrated but now it works great . We had an issue at the first with it locking up and the screen going all whacky and I called CS and they sent me a special cable and that took care of it . Plus they did n't charge me for it !
 I love this and still use this everyday in the car . The gauge works flawlessly for what you need . I like how you can have constant updating info for 4 data points and even make your own customized ones.I like the color changes as well . With cars nowadays telling you less on the dash this is a relief.My only gripe is custom gauges are a bit hard to program and in certain cars the &#34; rate &#34; resets .
 It 's well worth the money and it has saved me hundreds of dollars be aiding me change how I drive .
 It gives me the gauges my car 's manufacturer SHOULDhave , and a lot more . Allows a pretty good estimate of miles-to-fuel-empty -LRB- another the car maker should have supplied.And allows me to check obdii trouble codes too.Now if it only gave me oil pressure and outside temp I 'd be overjoyed . It comes close when the car first starts for outside temp -LRB- as intake temp is supplied -RRB- , but unfortunately oil pressure is apparently not one of the things on board diagnostics version 2 tracks ... so the data is n't there for the scangauge to harvest .
 Excellent scan tool - tells you all your car environmentals and then some and can pull and reset Check Engine codes.I had mine for several years and kept it in the car in all kinds of extreme temperatures before it stopped working . Emailed customer service , and they promptly - offered to repair it for free . Very happy customer .
 Good device to help monitor information on your vehicle . You can customize colors , clear codes , and monitor driving habits.Helps me monitor my MPG . Helpful when towing to monitor intake , engine and transmission temperatures . I would buy another if i had more than one vehicle .
 We have a 2008 Prius and a 2005 4Runner . The Prius , with its cluster of gauges , has taught us how to drive more economically . I hoped adding the ScanGauge II to the 4Runner , a gas hog , would help reduce our gas consumption . While it is full of interesting information I 'd have to say it has not helped at all with increasing our mileage . What has helped is what we learned from the Prius.I like the gauge and all of it 's options . I keep it and would n't want to be without it because it is novel . It is very expensive though . There are cables and apps for Android and iOS that will allow you to do the same thing but with color graphics which I think might be a cheaper and better option these days .
 I needed this gauge to read my voltage and coolant temp . and it does it fine . The readout is a little small and hard to read under some face colors . I use a white background and that seems to work . If I match it to my dash color , it 's hard to read quickly .
 It works extremely well . It has many many features and functions , I only wish that it had a faster update rate , but other than that , it 's a wonderful tool to have in your vehicle . My Yaris does not have a tachometer ... and it 's a manual . This tells me everything I need to know about my car at a glance .
 This product is great . I did n't have to tune it at all . I was already driving pretty efficiently but this device made me tweak that a little more . I was more interested in seeing all the information that obd-2 supplies and that my car does n't show.The trip numbers are also very interesting to monitor.Great buy !
 This Product is awesome . Especially now-a-days with the high gas prices . It is a proven fact that the best way to improve gas mileage is with driving habits . This will allow you to monitor your driving habits and fuel consumption . Even if your vehicle has the MPG meter built in , this gives you more options.The main part of my review however , is the seller . The shipping time was half what they said it would be . And when I called the seller , I was directly connected to an associate who was freindly and professional and knowledgable . I wish they sold more products because I would do buissness with them and no one else !
 This is a great product , I noticed about 4 MPG from changing the way I drive by using the scangauge .
 good product , lots of bells & whistles . I usually use it in guage mode for real time fuel economy , rpms -LRB- my car does n't have a tach -RRB- , speedometer , and water temp -LRB- this was helpful just the other day when my thermostat failed to open , temerature readings confirmed the idiot guage in the car dash , enabling me to drive , park , wait for engine to cool , and drive a little more , I was able to `` nurse '' the car home -RRB- . I move the guage from my car to my pick-up truck -LRB- when I rememeber -RRB- with no problems . It 's challenging to find the `` sweet '' spot for optimum fuel economy speed with my different vehicles because the guage is so sensitive and the constantly changing road variables -LRB- subtle road inclines , wind direction , road surface , vehicle load -RRB- . Cruise control in my truck helps to find the `` sweet '' spot because it eliminates another variable - accelerator pedal position fluctuations . With my car , I have two possible ideal fuel economy speeds - either 50 mph or 60 mph - I 'm guessing it 's 50 because the engine rpms are less - time will tell .
 Great product !! I 'm going to make it pay for itself by checking and clearing the `` Check Engine '' lights for my friends -LRB- for a fee -RRB- . Down side is that installation brackets are not included or even offered . The manufacturer expects everybody to use hook and loop tape .
 The scanguage has been a very satisfying purchase , super easy to install -LRB- just stick it in place with velcro and plug it in -RRB- and easy to use , with all kinds of information about the functions of the engine . I 'm using it to optimize my driving for fuel economy , and it shows me instantaneous fuel use as well as mileage by the trip , by the day , or by the tank . You can also use it for miles-to-empty and for engine diagnostics.Great product .
 This is an excellent product that does all that it promises . I have had a few cars with trip computer but they never seemed like they worked well . This product is by far , the best trip computer I have seen . It has instant mpg , trip mpg , current day mpg , and tank mpg . You do need to set it up to read all these on the gauge screen and it has miles driven , time , gallons used , plus many other interesting figures . This is a great product and I would recommend for anyone intrested in tracking their mpg .
 I use a ScanGauge II in my 2001 Saturn SL2 . For the time that I 've owned this , it has helped me detect minor problems such as coolant leaks , poor fuel economy , and engine temperature so that I can have minor maintenance performed on my car before real problems arise . The ScanGauge II is pretty easy to read except when the sun is glaring through the windshield . The multi-color backlight is very aesthetically pleasing and can be set to match the color of the other indicator lights inside the car.It 's a worthwhile investment that allows you to understand what 's going on under the hood while you 're driving and it can save you a lot of money in repairs . I 've also tweaked my driving style based on the ScanGauge 's feedback on fuel consumption and my gas mileage has improved quite a bit as a result .
 Great device . Very good value for money . Highly recomended for people who do not have a computer on dash . Installed on my Subaru Impreza WRX 2004 and it works great . Shows all data I need like
 I 've been wanting to get one of these for several years but kept putting it off . One reason was that I wanted the ability to monitor both the current/instantaneous MPG as well as the trip average MPG without having to switch to different screens . Those were the only two pieces of information that really interested me , and I wanted them both right there , side by side , all the time . All of the documentation and testimonials I had read strongly indicated that there was only one MPG gauge in the `` gauges '' section and if a user wanted to know what the trip average was they needed to navigate through the menus to a different screen to get that info . Lame!Well I do n't know if I just have a newer model or what , but there 's an undocumented gauge called `` AVG '' that 's not mentioned in the manual that came with my device . It did n't take me more than a quick drive around the neighborhood to confirm that it was providing the trip average MPG , and is available side by side with the current MPG gauge . If you stop for more than a few minutes , it resets right along with the trip computer and starts computing a new average . This is exactly what I wanted , and if I 'd known it was available , I probably would have plunked down the money for this thing a long time ago .
 It did all that was described in the user manual . I liked that fact that I could change the metric system from Miles to Km , Gallon to Litre etc. . The build quality was good , the cable was lengthy enough and the two input ports really help when deciding on a place to mount . Though it promises to work on all OBDII conforming cars , it did not work on 2005 Suzuki Swift . In fact it triggered an engine fault light on this cars dashboard . I had to disconnect it and wait overnight for the engine fault light to reset . It otherwise had no issues with other cars . I tested it on Dodge , Ford and Nissan models.I wish I could connect the device to my computer and get reports and I wish it was priced cheaper . There are other brands that can be connected to a computer to generate reports for much less ... This two factors would have made me give it a 5 star . When you want to see how your engine has changed over time , you really need to see a historical chart or have something to compare it with ...
 I love this guage , it has helped me drive more economically and saved me money in fuel . It 's easy to use and I highly recommend it .
 I got this Scan Gauge for my boyfriend for his birthday , and he loves it ! There are so many different options for the device to display , and it 's really easy to use ! I would recommend this product to anyone ! It 's great !!
 This product is ideal for keeping your gas mileage under control . It has an average mpg and a real time mpg as well as other inputs from your OBD11 connection .
 For guys who just have to have information that 's way too much but not enough . The only thing it wo n't compute for you is how much time you spent playing with it in order to customize it to your satisfaction . No complaints about this great product other than the steep price .
 Works nicely with my '01 Jetta TDI , the back light is almost the same color as my dashes back light .
 I love the scan gauge . If I had known about it , I would have not taken the expensive car computer display option . It has all of the engine information you can want and further it can be customized to your vehicle and gas usage . The display is very easy to use and intuitive , so no manual is really needed . When I sell the car , all I need to do is move the gauge on to the next , so it really is multipurpose . I only wish that my 95 RV had OBD II connections , so I could use it there as well . I strongly recommend it to anyone who has even the slightest desire to have mile per gallon information .
 Excellent design , easy to use , and no batteries required . They 've thought of about everything you may want with this and it 's included . You can even create your own gauges to customize the output to fit what you wish .
 I am very impressed with the quality and performance of this scanner . The price is right , too . It will easily pay for itself compared to the cost of two trips to the dealer to read/reset codes . Dealers here in California charge at least $ 70.00 per visit . I also found another feature that saved me a bunch of time and trouble . I have a 7.3 liter diesel in my RV and it has no tachometer . The scanner reads out RPM ! So , I do n't have to install special -LRB- expensive -RRB- equipment to monitor my engine RPM . Good job ScanGaugeII / LinerLogic!JohnSanta Rosa CA
 We have an employee organization that is focused on green initiatives . We have purchased 3 of these for our organization to loan out to employees so they can track MPG on their vehicles . It is super easy to set up and gives real-time feedback on your gas usage . Employees have used the Scan Gauge to track their driving habits , compare vehicles and see how new tires have affected their gas mileage .
 I got a Yaris in April and was a little dissapointed to only be getting 36 MPG . I figured if I knew what my instantaneous mileage was I could improve it . I got the ScanGuage II in mid-July and its been great . I was able to look at and clear the trouble codes on my other cars and my gas mileage has improved to an average of 39 MPG with a high of over 43 MPG in only a little over a month . At this rate , the ScanGuage will have paid for itself in less than 6 months .
 Bought this for my truck to see if I could squeeze out a few more MPG . So far so good . First couple of tanks I probably increased my mileage by 1 to 2 mpg . It allows you to monitor quite a few engine functions and is not too hard to set up and use if you have a technical bent . It connects via a cable to the on board diagnostics port which is standard on all newer cars from 1996 on up . Power comes from the OBD2 port so there is nothing else to hook up . It is LED backlit and can be configured to match the color of your dash lights.Now that I have had it a few weeks I am starting to get more involved with the trip functions . It allows you to set up the size of your tank and then when you fill up , you can adjust how much it thinks you burned . This allows the unit to apply a fudge factor to try and make it more accurate . Once dialed in , it should be very accurate at telling me how much I 'm getting on a tank , how much gas is left and even my cost per mile based on the last price per gallon I paid.Lastly , it will allow you to read codes stored in the computer and reset them if necessary . For the money , its probably the best diagnostic tool there is .
 This review is based on my limited use of the unit.I did find the information such as engine temperature , RPM , MPG , speed and few other details informative and helpful . Although the car 's instruments have some similar details , it is good to have the confirmation . The MPG information is most valuable . This information keeps me from having a ` lead foot ' and wasteful . In a way , it guided me the step on the gas lightly . On a recent 300 mile trip the MPG reading ` cautioned me to be light footed with the gas pedal ' . On the wish list , it would be nice if the case had some provision to for better mounting other than the supplied Velcro . Under certain conditions while using the Velcro , the unit may vibrate very slightly which makes viewing unpleasant . A suction cup holder similar to the ones used for GPS navigators may be a better option since it is a more solid attachment.The only negative is the brightness and contrast . On bright sunny day while driving with sun glasses it is difficult to see the display even after changing to the various color options . I may need do some more testing with this.As with any similar easily removable device , better be safe than sorry and remove the unit when using valet parking.Over all I am pleased .
 Seldom does a product perform as expected anymore , but this one is tops . With all the information available with it , I can adjust my driving method to get the highest mileage ever . In a motorhome , it is sometimes difficult to tell loading and gear selection for the best performance , but this is really like having your engine looking over your shoulder telling you what to do . It is surprising that not always the highest gear is not the most efficient , and a little lower gear selection makes a huge difference . I mounted it just above my rear vision display where it is very easy to keep track . There are far more readouts than I will use on a regular basis , but they are there for periodic viewing .
 A bit on the expensive side , but as gas prices continue to skyrocket , the ScanGauge is a must have . Over the past two years , I averaged 26mpg in my '96 Hyundai . By monitoring my gas usage on a real-time basis with the ScanGauge , I now get a consistant 33mpg .
 Very informative and flexible . Easy install , too . Has probably paid for itself by making you aware of gas consumed today , yesterday , this tank , etc. . Gauges are also nice . Have n't needed it to read/reset a code yet , but that will surely enable it to pay for itself .
 I purchased Scan Gauge II to help me save on Gas . It shows the cars MPG in real time -LRB- updated every 2 sec -RRB- . And has already helped me improve my driving to save gas ! Just remember to follow the directions to configure it for your car to get the most accurate reading . The only complaints I have so far is it has frooze on me a few times . But unplugging it seems to fix that . SCANGAUGE ROCKS !!!
 This a great product and my second unit . The first one died of abuse in the sun in a closed truck and 140 degree temperatures and it lasted for years . I was very happy with the first unit and this one is even better with more features.Both are accurate and the new one is easier to read.resetting codes set by the car are easy and take seconds to do.A good tool and you can use to improve your driving by watching the read outs of your gas milage .
 I purchased this to get a better idea of gas mileage with my 2 vehicles . I 've come to find it helps you increase gas mileage by making you aware of your driving habits . Plus , it can help troubleshoot codes and you can swap it between cars . Great tool for the money !
 I find that watching the miles per gallon , and minutely adjusting my driving habits , I can add 10 % to my over-all fuel economy . Easy to install . Does what it advertises . Good value .
 I purchased this 3 years ago , and i has had daily use in my car . It works great . I 've used it to diagnose a couple of engine codes , but primarily use it because my car does not have MPG/Average MPG/RPM/etc display and it gives it to me .
 I use ScanGauge II alternately between an 09 Honda Civic and an 07 MINI convertible . The device recognizes both cars instantly and accurately , and works as advertised.The device lets me select compatible back-light illumination for both cars -LRB- blue in the Civic , amber in the MINI . -RRB- As noted in other reviews , the refresh rate is a bit slow for persons seeking instant gratification -LRB- e.g. real-time tachometer or speedometer readings -RRB- , but more than adequate for tracking trends and changes over time.Swapping between cars necessitates re-calibration , which is to be expected and is not difficult to do.The instructions currently packed with the device were clear and concise . You can also download the operator 's manual in pdf format from the manufacturer 's website.NOTE
 I have had a ScanGauge II in my Honda Civic Si for about six months now and I love it ! I have used it primarily to track mpg , but it does a lot more that that.This little guy really teaches you how to drive smart . You do n't have to be a hypermiler to improve your gas mileage with this . I went from averaging 25 mpg per tank to 29 mpg per tank and I do not hypermile.Anyway , really cool gadget that pays for itself over time .
 The Scangauge II with X-Gauge is an amazing tool and works perfectly in my 2002 Chevrolet Trailblazer -LRB- VPW -RRB- vehicle . I have already programmed the x-gauge to read the transmission temperature , air to fuel ratio , and horsepower . All of the pre-programmed readings work prefect and it is the perfect size to mount on the dashboard , gauge cluster , or underneath the rear view mirror .
 Works well , easy to use and gives valuable information needed to improve gas mileage and vehicle efficiency . A most informative and valuable tool .
 Product seems very well thought out and works as described . Been using it for almost a month with no issues . I just wish it showed me getting better gas mileage , but that is definitely my bad , not theirs : -RRB-
 Scangauge II is an excellent dashboard addition for drivers interested in fuel economy , performance or tracking down that intermittent `` something '' without paying major $ to the dealer repair shop . Out of the box , plug it in to the vehicle OBDII port , tell it a little about your vehicle -LRB- vehicle type , engine size , fuel type , fuel tank size -RRB- and begin to explore what goes on inside the computers that manage the engine of your vehicle.The user manual is spartan . It presumes a somewhat motorhead mindset.Online documents provide good background info and help . Perfect for hybrid vehicles !
 I have nothing to add to the myriad of other reviews . The device was an investment , as it allowed me to diagnose and treat Check Engine lights myself , saving serious cash.Also of note , it has been working almost flawlessly for over three years , on two different vehicles.It always ends up being a conversation piece as well . I highly recommend it .
 I 've had this for almost 3 months , and it has helped me improve my gas mileage when towing . I 've found out that not using the cruise control can add to the MPG . Throttle postion plays a big part in MPG-I can get higher MPG traveling at a higher speed sometimes if I stay light on the gas pedal . I also like the temp functions -LRB- water temp -RRB- as I can monitor how it is doing under load . Still playing with it , checking out different functions . You will have to experiment with it as many functions on the X-gauge are not supported by my truck -LRB- 06 F-150 -RRB- , but you wo n't know till you do all of the programing and see if anything happens . Easy hook-up , took less than 5 minutes . It has helped me increase my MPG at least 1-2 MPG by learning new techniques and I average 10-12MPG towing my 5,000 lb travel trailer , so I 'm a happy camper
 I was ablle to check my RV for the past 6,100 mile trip . I was able to monotor gas milage and improve it by changing the way I drove . I could tell the temp of oil , water , and intake temp . This is a must have devise .
 The ScanGauge II provides an amazing amount of vehicle data , available for continuous viewing . Also , it is programmable for data retrieval that is not preprogrammed . My only criticism concerns the diameter and length of the OBD connector cable , the size of which makes it awkward , if not difficult , to mount the device for ease of viewing . I realize that some dashboard layouts will allow for easier positioning than others , but the heftiness of the cable makes mounting the ScanGauge more difficult than it should be . Overall , I think that its a wonderful device and I 'm very satisfied with my purchase .
 This is a great realtime engine performance monitor . It allows you to monitor your engine 's performance for mileage and other functions . For mileage , it gives you a relative performance because the gas tank monitor function can not be set more accurately than the sensor provided by the auto 's manufacturer and the way they measure gas tank capacity -LRB- reserve capacity , accuracy of the tank capacity measurement and expansion volume of the gasoline -RRB- . These systematic statistical error means that most gauges will be about 10 % to 15 % of the true value.The gauge monitors characteristics as intake temperature , voltage , rpms and other parameters not normally displayed digitally by the stock equipped vehicle . The device can be connected in minutes by just plugging it into the OBD @ plug of post 1995 vehicles . It also can read the `` engine '' codes if you have a problem . There is a translation web site for translating the newer manufacturer specific codes you may encounter .
 I purchesed for an 09 winnebego with ford gas . It would n't work , transfered it to my 04 nissan worked great . I contacted the manufacterer and they sent a new one , still would n't work . Manufacture out of ideas , returned for refund . If it had worked in the motorhome it would have been great .
 I recently bought a ScangaugeII , but probably would have bought an Ultragauge if I 'd done more recent research . Last I 'd looked the Ultragauge was selling for $ 200 ... now ~ $ 60 . For most people the Ultragauge would do most of what 's wanted/needed . The only advantages for the SGII for me is that it can be placed above the steering column right below the rest of the instruments ... making it easier to see and use -LRB- you DO N'T need extra distractions ? -RRB- ... and it 's probably best not to have it too visible for security reasons . Plus the SGII has been around a while and might be more reliable?Either the SGII...SG-e ... or the UG allow you to monitor your real time and avg mpg ... giving you feedback that helps you improve your driving habits and thus your mpg . Nothing will help your mpg results more than seeing what effect your actual driving has on your evolving mpg average . Plus you can monitor other data and read/reset codes ... very helpful if you do your own diagnosis and repairs .
 The scangauage II is easy to setup . It has many configurable xgauges which makes the product very versatile . The product is also easy to use.A few improvements I would suggest would be a brighter display and a more permanent mounting bracket to replace the Velcro mount.For the price you ca n't beat it . Similar multifunction gauge packages cost $ 100 or more and most do n't have the ability to add the xgauages like this product.This product is being used on a 6.0 diesel at the moment .
 simple , logic and easy to use . a useful tool to read data from the computer on your car , read codes and diagnose by yourself with a little search on the web . you can take note on the different indicators to know the `` normal parameters '' of your car , and notice when any change occurs and an error code lights your CEL , that way it will be easier to tell what went wrong.The only con is that there isnt any cable or software to connect to a PC or laptop - that would make it a better tool .
 I must disclose I have only just installed this item so I do n't have a lot of on the road experience , but so far this is exactly what I was looking for . I have a motorhome that only has the basic Ford dash with dummy gauges with no on board trip computer . I was able to connect this product in a matter of minutes and had it configured to display the information I wanted in no time . So far so good ...
 I like all of the features and am glad I purchased it , but I have noticed one issue with it . I purchased 2 of these , one for myself and one as a gift for my son . We both noticed after installing it that the battery seems to drain much faster when the ScanGauge is connected . I have it in an RV that does n't get used often , and the battery does drain to 50 % after several weeks from the normal parasitic drain of the clock in the radio and the PCM . But it seems that the drain is increased when the ScanGauge is installed . I also noticed one day when sitting in the drivers seat that the ScanGauge periodically lit up even without having the key inserted . I 'm not sure if this is normal or if I have a defective unit . As log as you drive the vehicle on a regular basis it should not be an issue . I now unplug the data cable from the display when I 'm not actually driving the RV .
 ScanGauge II 3-in-1 Compact Multifunction Vehicle Computer with Customizable DisplayOut of the box this thing is easy to set up . My exploder does n't have the built in trip computer . This thing allows me to see the MPG , miles to empty and many other settings . The fuel consumption counters do require a one time calibration , according to the instructions and the process seems simple enough . You basically tell the guage when your first full fill up occurs and on the second fill up tell it how many gallons you put in.I installed it and drove a few miles ; so far it 's working as advertised . My only complaint , and it 's a small one , is that the Velcro strips were not included in the package . The packaging appeared to be opened before it arrived -LRB- not the amazon packaging , the manufacturer 's packaging -RRB- . I have universal cell phone mount holding it to the windshield until I find some Velcro strips that is . If you have a 2004 Ford Explorer you should note the OBDII connection is in front of the brake release so be careful pulling the brake release with the SG2 connected .
 The scanGuage does everything it claims and more . I am very happy with this product !
 I use it on my Scion XB 1st gen and improved my MPG from 28 to 35 on average . This product will pay for itself over a short period of time .
 Simple to instal -LRB- did n't even know before hand what I was looking for -RRB- and you can get it to pretty much match any dash . From what I 've seen so far it 's pretty accurate but I 've only had to fill up a couple times since I 've had it .
 Got this as a father 's day gift and my engineer friend absolutely loves it . had it hooked up to his car within minutes and has been using it . i highly recommend !
 This is a nifty little device that attaches to your vehicle 's OBDII port under the dash . It is adaptable to most vehicles -LRB- visit Scangauge 's website to be sure yours is on the list -RRB- . Interestingly , it interfaces via an ethernet port . I used it on a Ford Taurus , A Mercury Grand Marquis , and a Dodge Caravan . Yes , it displays real time MPG data . It also gives you the average time weighted average MPG . RPM , MPH , and TPS data - no problem . Coolant temperature , Ditto . Manifold absolute pressure depends on the vehicle . Same with intake air temperature . It does not give the actual O2 sensor reading , only if the loop is closed or open . It will definitely teach you skills to improve your fuel economy . Surprisingly , the larger your engine the better you will do because you can take advantage of low rpm high torque situations . I got 29.1 MPG with my Grand Mark using it -LRB- Averaged over 65 miles in city , highway and country backroads passing Amish Buggies -RRB- Philadelphia to Lancaster , PA. . I would have given it 5 stars but the materials it is made with are lightweight and I 'm not sure if it will stand the test of time . It is a very useful gadget , and it is a shame we ca n't hook it up to a laptop to send the data to the state DOT to pass emissions inspection . I suggest ScanGauge look into this , it would probably only take a software upgrade , I know the hardware is up to task . I also suggest they encase it in shockproof rubber to protect it.This is a follow up review 5000 miles out from the last review . I revised the unit to 5 stars . Its durability has proven the test of time and jockeying between 3 vehicles . It sits nicely above the wheel of my V8 Grand Marquis with no significant dash obstruction . It maves easily from vehicle to vehicle an is capable of taking a hit bere or there . It would still be nice to have a shockproof rubber case but I upped my rating to 5 stars both because it held up well and it helped me average between 24-28 MPG country in my Grand Mark . It paid for itself in gasoline already . Anything more is gravy now . The only thing I suggest is a list of OBD codes to go with the unit . It is no longer as easy to find them using google because the mechanics and auto makers want to keep this information proprietary . Google OBD and the first 50 entries are either discussion boards , parts suppliers , or sensor makers . The same happens when you seek out a specific code . You have to dig but you can find what they mean . A list would be nice .
 I purchased this to help with getting better fuel mileage . It provides instant feedback on what does and does not help . My mileage before using the product was 28mpg . My first tank using the scanguage was 36mpg . Going to work I can get as high is 42 and then 39 on the return trip . Based on my experience so far it will pay for itself in less than 18 months .
 Easy to use!For the Geek , easy to customize.So you bought the car without the fancy gauges . Ca n't tell the temperature outside or your gas mileage . -LRB- or a zillion other things -RRB- Solution
 The ScanGauge II is an absolutely necessary accessory for any car . I do n't even watch the analog instruments on the dash any more -LRB- except for the fuel gauge -RRB- because the ScanGauge II presents all the necessary data in accurate digital form . I calibrated the speed with my GPS so now I do n't have to worry about my inaccurate analog speedometer . I currently have the display set to show speed , MPG , fuel flow , and water temperature . It is a little bit pricey , but in my opinion it is worth it .
 I recently purchased a 2008 Mazda CX-9 due to a growing family . I really needed to drive as fuel-efficiently as possible to offset the poor mpg of this large SUV . This product provides real-time mpg data -LRB- as well as several other pieces of driving data -RRB- . This product has made me much more aware of driving habits.The data provided is far more comprehensive than the trip computer on my 2006 Acura TL . For example , my Acura provides average mpg until I hit the reset button . ScanGauge provides instant mpg , average trip mpg , average day mpg , average tank mpg , etc. .
 Simple installation , provides more info than needed , but simple to set up to see what you want . Performs as advertised and makes me concious of how I can conserve fuel - even at the current $ 1.40 price ... Simple to move from car to car . More contrast in the display would be the only improvement I would suggest .
 At first I justified buying this because in the long run , i could chnge my driving habits for better fuel economy , saving me money . The instantaneous fuel economy and throttle % indicators have helped me accomplish this . I am now getting better than the EPA ratecd fuel economy on my car . EPA city
 I saw a review on Mojo channel where the reviewer used the MPG display to increase mileage.Based on this I bought one and I 'm not disappointed.I can see this easily paying for itself in less than a year.The real time MPG display allows you to tame that lead foot and get awesome mileage on a long run.I did an 8 hour drive last week and must have got conservatively 5MPG better fuel economy . You do have to work at viewing the display and feeding it back to that right foot . Very easy to install - under 5 minutes.If you 're not a gadget fan then do n't buy it .
 I 'm glad I finally gave in and ordered this device , especially since it more than paid for itself in the first two weeks I had it . My '96 Corolla has had its CHECK ENGINE light on for a couple years and the fix -LRB- a new rear exhaust sensor -RRB- would be about $ 200 installed . I hooked up the scan gauge and cleared the code in order to see if it would come back . In a thousand miles since , it has not.Then my '06 Avalon suddenly showed both the CHECK ENGINE and stability/traction control lights . I downloaded the codes , checked the web , and determined the fault was related to an improper vapor-recovery system purge . That led me to check the gas cap , which had been improperly secured at the last refueling . Cleared the codes and voila , another `` free '' fix.I enjoy the `` gauge '' readouts and the wealth of information provided . I find the device to be reasonably intuitive to use . I think it 's a very useful product .
 I received the ScanGauge and tried it out right away . I have a 2000 , Chevy Tahoe . It worked fine but it reset the radio to 1:00 every 2 to 3 minutes . I called the support line and they explained that for 2000 Chevy was using 2 pins that it should not have been using so they sent me a new cable and it works great and the radio works now also.One of the main things I wanted it for was the transmission temp because I tow and that works great also .
 I heard about this device and decided to give it a try . It was very simple to hook up and following the manual , I had all of the gauges set how I wanted them . One way that it helps increase your MPG is being able to see what your exact MPG is at that very moment . See how you handle the accelerator while looking at your exact MPG and that will get you to change your driving habits . It 's an experience to be driving at 35mpg -LRB- I drive a Honda Civic mainly -RRB- , take my foot off the accelerator slightly , and see my exact MPG jump to 175mpg . Of course , you can see what your cost per mile is , your cost per gallon , cost per hour , miles till empty and the list goes on and on.Buy it . It 's a great investment and what is nice is if you have several vehicles , you do n't have to spend the money for a scangauage for each-just buy an additional cable .
 I 've used the ScanGauge for almost a month . Wow ! What a difference it 's made in the way I drive . Not only has it shown me how jackrabbit starts have impacted my mileage , but I 've also learned the most efficient routes to take to and from work . Coming to work the way I 'd always done cost me about $ 1.80 . Taking a different route , even though it was off the Interstate and dealing with traffic lights , has shaved that to $ 1.41 ! The trips I took to the store were costing me $ 0.94 on my old route . With the new route it costs $ 0.73 . Then I did some experiments with highway driving . What amazed me is the MPG difference between 55 and 65 MPH . At 55MPH my Kia Sorento gets about 24MPG on the highway . At 65MPH that drops to around 21MPG . Then at 75MPH -LRB- the fastest we can drive on the Interstate in Colorado -RRB- it goes down to 18MPG . So this little gadget will pay for itself in about 6 months of normal driving . Not a bad investement at all !
 . . If it had a USB port so you can download the data to a PC and upload new software to the device ... it will have been a perfect 5 ... also the cable should have been shorter .
 It works and the support staff at Linear Logic are helpful if you have any issues . My local shop suspected that I have a bad O2 sensor that was n't being flagged by the on-board computer . With the ScanGauge , I programmed in codes for fuel trim , O2 sensors , and air/fuel ratio and can see that it all looks ok . Saved $ 100 + in diagnosis charges and I can monitor the readings as I drive .
 Very handy little device . Just plug in and do some basic programming to get readily available info from a cars data link . Other information not readily available can be accessed by going to the scangauge web site and getting info to make it available . Was able to quickly determine that the oil cooler on my Ford 6.0 diesel was clogged and needed replacement before it caused serious damage .
 Quality product-easy to install , pretty intuitive to set up . It worked great first try . On the con side , it 's expensive ! I went to their web site and printed out the manual - the one that comes with it is pretty small print .
 The ScanGuage II has been very easy to use and extremely accurate and gives all kinds of neat information . I have n't had it very long , but I 'm really enjoying trying to get my average mileage as high as I can.I went to their website and put in the code to display instant horsepower and I 've found this really interesting . I do n't think that I 've ever used over about 55 hp out of the 160 or so available.The only problem I 've had was my fault . I did n't read the instructions on how to handle the first fillup and had to start over by clearing everything.I 'm amazed at the accuracy so far , the miles traveled are only two miles off from the actual on the odometer.The one thing that I have just started to pay attention to is the total cost per trip . It makes me rethink the little errands that I have always driven to one at a time in the past . Doing multiple errands in one trip really cuts down on the cost of fuel.I have an Acura RSX and I have always checked my mileage each fillup and have always gotten about the same - 23 to 26 miles per gallon . Since using the ScanGuage II even a short time I 'm getting over 31 mpg . and I 'm going much longer between fillups . I think I may do even better as I get better at using all the information the ScanGuage gives me .
 I mainly use the device for gas mileage monitoring , both long term and instant . Calibration takes going through a full tank of gas , but is easy to accomplish . I was able to accurately set odometer -LRB- against gps -RRB- and gas usage . Out of the box mileage was within 3 % and mpg was within 4 % . After adjustment , both readings were easily within 1 % . It is interesting to see how bad mpg can be when starting out cold on winter mornings . I have it installed in a 2010 Kia Forte EX .
 I purchased the Scangauge II a couple years ago when I got into ` hypermiling ' . Gas prices were going up and up , so I thought it would be a good investment to help me reduce my fuel usage . I 'm happy to report that I did improve my gas mileage . Moreover , though , I have found the SGII a great all-around tool for learning more about what 's happening under the hood . The screen can show any four of a number of readings from your car 's -LRB- assuming 1996 or newer -RRB- onboard computer . Most of the time I keep mine set to display
 Love the device , and have nothing to add about that . I did come up with a great way of easily mounting the scangauge , though . I took apart a dead hard drive and took out the two extremely powerful magnets . I slipped one into the headliner of my car , and I heard it slide somewhere above my head . I took some black duct tape and taped the other magnet to the scangauge , and when I touched it to the bottom of the headliner , the magnet in the headliner rushed over and mated with the scangauge magnet . After that I could slide the scangauge to the exact position I wanted it , and it stayed there . The magnets are powerful enough that I can push the buttons without having to worry about moving or dislodging the gauge . Simple and amazingly effective ...
 Since I started using ScanGaugeII , my average gas mileage -LRB- 1999 Nissan Maxima 5spd -RRB- has gone from 26 to 29 MPG , just by knowing what helps and what hurts my mileage . I keep mine set to IGN , MPG , MAP , AVG . This tool makes it easier to determine when you should shift for optimal mileage . Turns out I was actually shifting too early most of the time . Amazon is the cheapest place to buy one of these , and if you use it properly , it will pay for itself pretty quickly in fuel savings .
 Shipped in good condition , I customized the installation , and it works as advertized . It is not as easy to read as other instruments on the dashboard when it is sunny , but it is reasonable.I use it mostly from fuel milage readings .
 Extremely easy to install , hardest part was finding where I wanted to install and routing the wire . Keeps track of vehicle 's data , highly programable , even color and brightness of screen . Recommend every driver to get one to keep track of gas mileage if your car does not already have an on board system , that you can readily access .
 The ScanGauge was everything I wanted and more . Once I set it up and calibrated it , it worked great . Like everything else in life if you spend a little time setting it up iniatally it will work great which only takes a few minutes with the manual in hand .
 I bought the scan gauge for my new Smart Car to monitor gas mileage . However , you have to make adjustments to the gauge with every fill-up . For example - how much gas you put in versus how much gas the gauge thought you put in - as well as price per gallon if you want to track that info -LRB- which I can see having to do -RRB- . It does install easily and gives you a wealth of info at the touch of a finger . Have not been able to adjust exactly the lght display color to match the dash lights but it is close enough .
 I ordered the milage indicator and a cable . Unit ships with cable but I was so pleased with the indicator that I plan to use the second cable on another car.You really gain an understanding where you are loosing gas milage with this gage .
 My husband and I purchased this scanguage because we were not getting the gas mileage we had been expecting with our new car . Being able to see real-time reporting of the MPG , Throttle , Engine Load , etc has enabled us to improve our gas mileage by TEN miles a gallon . Then you add in all of the things we used to calculate manually like $ cost per trip , per day , gallons left in the tank , average mgp for trip , day , previous day and even the whole tank . This thing is SUPER easy to configure and will pay for itself in just a few months .
 If you have ever wanted an aftermarket device to show you miles per gallon this is right for you . Just make sure that you have the port that is needed to make it work -LRB- which is on every vehicle since 1996 -RRB- .
 I do n't have board computer in my Nissan Almera 2000 model , and my primary goal about this tool is to monitor fuel consuption . I can watch at the same time 4 sensors or trip calculations , like how much fuel I have in tank , what is current fuel usage , temperature of cooling liquid , approx . fuel usage since tank refill , ... It has diagnostic features also . It 's size is not so big , it can be attached on many places on dashboard . Very good and usefull gadget
 This thing is really a great source of info . Pretty cool to be able to watch what your car is doing .
 Nice and usefull unit . It tracks my MPG and gives me my coputer codes I need to isolate problems . The Manual coul use a little more work , it is hard to understand the higher functions .
 I love my scan gauge . I had it over a month now . It does everything I expected it to do . It helps me monitor my f250 6.0 diesel . I would recommend this to anyone especially for the low cost compared to other monitors .
 This is my 3rd one now have one for each veh . could not be happier.arrived in 2 days . great product
 Now I can actually monitor what my engine is doing on my Ford E350 6.0 Liter diesel van . I usually monitor the Engine Coolant Temp , Engine Oil Temp , Gallon Per Hour and Engine RPM . I can switch to many many other sensors to monitor that are preprogrammed of add additional ones with the Xgauge feature . If you have a 6.0 Ford diesel , you need this gauge !
 Outstanding product at a great price ! The item shipped ahead of schedule and exceeds my expectations . Highly recommend the ScanGauge II .
 I purchased this Scan Gauge II for the performance measuring abilities . The tool is worth the money for anyone that is going to get a code reader . This reads codes and pending codes but the big plus is the fuel and performance computer . Most new cars today have on board fuel computers but the features in this gauge are broader than most OEM computers . It is accurate and easy to use . Cosmetically it is not that appealing but it is packed with features.There is one MAJOR draw back that the designers left out which is very annoying . That flaw is there is no way to reset all the trip data once it is stored . This makes moving the gauge from one car to the next a little frustrating because the previous day data and tank data for the other vehicle is there . If left in the next car long enough it will eventually catch up to that car but this takes much driving and more than one tank of fuel . It is advertised as able to go from one vehicle to another but this flaw makes that almost not an accurate statment . I do n't understand why they did not design it to clear everything when restoring to factory defaults.I do recommend this gauge but buyer beware if using it in more than one vehicle for short trip data it will not be accurate due to incorrect stored data from previous vehicle . Current trip data will be accurate but thats all . If only being used in one car it ca n't be beat.I was told by customer support that they can clear the old trip data but the gauge has to be sent in for an upgrade to do this . That is not very convenient everytime you switch from one car to the next . For this reason I can not give this five stars .
 The ScanGauge II did just what it was supposed to do , was easy to install and connect , and it took right off . I am an electrical engineer that was eager to see what my Prius was doing , such as the engine RPM and temperature . I entered codes for 2 xgauges that allow me to see the temperature of and the current flow in and out of the traction battery -LRB- the 200 volt one -RRB- . Watch out , this thing will give you a nerdgasm .
 This scantool is great , both my dad and I love being able to monitor the car . I like it so much I bought one for myself as well . Ca n't say enough good about it .
 ScanGauge II Ultra Compact 3-in-1 Automotive Computer came to my address fast and on time . The install is fast and work 's and look 's great inall my cars and trucks . I can see and read all the codes that pop up , clear them on the go . See my speed , battery volts , intake air tep , RPM 's , and more . Great tool to have from car to car . I 've use it to check out a Use car before buying it.Inertiatx.com
 Works exactly as described . It looks good , and is a great code reader/multifunction guage/trip computer . i have mine display water temp -LRB- my car has no temp guage -RRB- , voltage -LRB- so i can know when I have to turn the radio off or the engine on when using my car as a boombox or flashlight -RRB- and instant and average fuel economy . I think the thing has already paid for itself in gas saved.Just plug it in , velcro it to the dash , and it works automagically .
 I installed my Scan Gauge II in my Mini Cooper S/John Cooper Works car.Installation took 5 minutes and was very simple.No tools are required and all nessasary parts are included.Instructions are straight forward and adequate.8-10 gauges can be deplayed and 4 , any 4 , can be desplayed at all times -LRB- while engine is running -RRB- . It will decode and reset idiot lights.These 8-10 gauges , in 1 4 `` x11/2 `` x11/2 '' box that weighs nothing and lights up in the dark , is worth it 's weightin gold.Regular gauges with mounting equipment , cables , tubing , senders and installation fees cost roughly $ 150 a piece.Here one gets the whole Sheebang for the same price.My only complaint is that it does n't show oil pressure.Buy one , you 'll be pleased with it . Jason Montague
 If your mechanically inclined and wonder what is going on inside your motor then this item is for you . Works extremely well and is very easy to use .
 This works just great.I do n't know why the auto manufacturers do not include this type of gauge with all cars they make .
 This is a great product if you have an older car that does n't have MPG readouts built-in , or if you are a real car geek that wants to know all kinds of stuff about your car -LRB- manifold pressure , etc. -RRB- . I bought it because I wanted to give me feedback to help me improve my fuel-economy . It works great for that . I 've been using it for about 6 months and have tweaked my setup several times . I currently have it set to display instantaneous MPG , average fuel economy for the trip , speed -LRB- MPH -RRB- and engine load . It 's very configurable , so you can display any four readouts you would like , in real-time . You can also get historical data out of it about your current trip , the last trip , the current tank of gas -LRB- how far you can go -RRB- , etc.Very worthwhile .
 I have been watching this item for a while ... and caught a great deal on it at Amazon . The day it arrived , I attached it to a Toyota and a Nissan and reset both check engine lights after reading the codes . Looking up the codes on the internet was a snap . I have since installed it in my new 2008 Toyota and enjoy seeing the accuracy of the display instead of watching the analog gauges .
 The scan guage 11 does everything that it is supposed to . You get all kinds of info from this little box . It is easy to use , hides easy , and all the data that it tells you is outstanding . No regrets on my purchase.I have already been offered my money back from one of my frends . He was very impressed with the scanguage 11 .
 This is a great product works good very small learning curve . Nice to be able to see actual numbers instead of idiot lights -LRB- as I call them . -RRB- Just make sure you have set up the engine size and tank size .
 Excellent product . Works as advertised . I had a little trouble with the hook up , as my car radio would not hold the time or stay on . After pulling the radio fuse and reinstalling it , all worked fine . I have it mounted on my instrument panel with the velcro tab that came with the ScanGauge . This is a very good product to help you train your driving habits for better mileage . I increase my 2002 GMC 1/2 ton pickup from a usually -LRB- mostly to and from work on uncongested freeways -RRB- 17 to 17.5 up to 19 to 19.92 , the later being my best to date for a tank . I have not incountered a need for the Scan feature to troubleshoot the codes , so I can not review that part of the item yet .
 It does what it says , very easy to hook up , adjust , and see . even my wife likes it , and does not like any of my toys . It would make a great Xmas present .
 Works quite well , just as advertised . Would recommend to anyone considering this product . Even had a friend buy one after he saw mine .
 I picked up a ScanGuage for my new car pretty shortly after we purchased it to get a readout of my MPG in real time -LRB- the car only has a per tank MPG readout -RRB- . Not only did it provide me with the readout I wanted , but useful other information regarding my remaining fuel and how far I can still go on my tank.Pros : &#8226; Provided the readouts I wanted to improve my data &#8226; Using the data I collected I 've improved my fuel usage to get more for my gas moneyCons : &#8226; The gauges I wanted did n't come preprogrammed so I had to program them myself . It was n't difficult but it did take some reading through of the manual and a little experimentation.Took a little work to get working exactly how I wanted it but once I did it 's been very handy . I enjoyed it so much that I purchased a second one when I got a second car .
 It is very easy to set up . All it takes is just several minutes and a very straightforward set up . It is a true multi-functional product . It worths more than single purpose OBD code readers .
 Works Great ! Easy to set up and use.Works as discribed bought to use in my 2010 Prius . There are additional codes that you can program into the scangauge to monitor different things . You can access them through scangauge.com .
 Installation took 5 mins - with the longest time spent deciding where to mount it ! Fired up right away , ran through setup in about 2 mins - really just entering the engine size and the price of gas , I accepted the defaults for the rest - but you have options to change the units of measurement etc.It will display four ` gauges ' at one time , I have MPG -LRB- instant -RRB- , RPM , MPH and MPG -LRB- ave -RRB- - there are lots more to choose from - maybe too many - manifold air inlet temp ??? Then there 's the trip info , this is really cool , gives you info for you total trip - including cost of trip , time taken , miles driven -LRB- or km -RRB- , mpg for trip , max speed , ave speed etc , etc. I knocked a star off because it looks a little cheap to me - plastic with painted red circle around the ` Home ' button.It 's big enough to read easily , is backlit - with a choice of colors and displays lots of info . I got it for 100 bucks on an Amazon LD - so very happy with it.Haven ' t used the scan function yet , so ca n't really comment on that - nice to have though , if it works!Hope this helps .
 I came to know about this tool when I was browsing the web for finding the details how to look for Hybrid Battery temperature on my recently acquired used 2006 Ford Escape Hybrid . The forum suggested to their members thatScanGauge IIwould be the ideal choice to monitor the Motor Electronics Coolant Temp -LRB- MeC -RRB- and HV Battery temperature -LRB- Traction Battery Temp -RRB- . I am pleased to inform that this tool can be configured with Ford Specific XGauges -LRB- See comments -RRB- to achieve that feat pretty easily . Ford Escape Hybrid -LRB- With Navigation -RRB- does have host of other real-time display like HV battery SOC real-time MPG on the dash but FORD hides most of the stuff from user which are needed to troubleshoot common check engine light errors and in my case why my FORD escape Hybrid sometimes decides not to turn off the Internal combustion engine -LRB- ICE -RRB- and keeps running the Radiator FANs when it should not . It baffled me for couple of weeks and led me to investigate the issue further.After setting this tool up and monitoring it for several days I could see a pattern that there are two main reason why the ICE would not shut down at idle or at a stop light . They were primarily due to ` over-temp ' condition of the Motor Electronics Coolant temperature caused by a weak MCE coolant pump in conjunction with the HV battery Traction battery temperature.Replacing the nearly failed original 2006 Motor electronics Coolant Pump at 98 , XXX miles -LRB- FORD OEM PART number 5M6Z-8C419-A -RRB- It did help in cooling the Motor electronics coolant temperature a little bit however the traction battery FANS are still an issue which I am continuing to investigate using this Automotive computer Gauge.FYI , There is a disturbing trend in these line of 2005-2007 FORD Escape hybrid vehicles that calls for Air-Conditioning compressor to turn ON as soon as the HV battery temp reaches 95 to 96.8 F to cool the battery using the rear air-conditioning contraption by opening the blend door and what not but as your car ages the Internal two fans housed inside the HV battery tends to fail slowly -LRB- without actually flagging any DTC codes -RRB- and thereby no matter how much AC compressor works hard -LRB- Only with ICE running -RRB- it can not cool the HV battery enough to go under 94F for the ICE to stop at idle or at a STOP sign.It is winter here in California and thanks for mother nature my HV battery rarely calls for cooling for most of the stop and go traffic and I still have not ventured to replace the two Internal HV battery FANs -LRB- FORD OEM PART 5M6Z-10C659-A -RRB- on my Ford Escape Hybrid but I do closely monitor the temperatures using this valuable tool.Bottom line
 I bought this to monitor my oil and water temp deltas on my 03 6.0 L Excursion . It 's a great tool to keep an eye on your motor , the factory idiot gauges warn you about issues when it 's way too late . I suggest getting a Blendmount to go with your ScanGauge . The install will look so much cleaner . I used this tool to determine I had a bad battery as well as determining the health of my oil cooler . Well worth its price .
 Mainly use it for the MPG feature . Sure helps change those driving habits.Would be nice if it was wireless , and the mounting system is poor , but usable -LRB- velco -RRB- .
 works well with my Honda Jazz , easy hook updoes everything the maker claimsthe reason it gets a 4 star , is the web site shouldcontain more info on commands and have more programmablegauges.it is difficult to come by this info on the webbut still think the product is great , for the tech geekswho wants to know all those useless data that comes fromtheir ECU HA HA
 This device has really made a difference , I was able to determine which driving habits burned the most gas -LRB- with as little as a fraction of an inch on the accelerator -RRB- , and I was able to move my mpg from 30-32mpg to 36-42mpg . It really makes you aware of your driving style 's impact . Top props to anyone purchasing this , it took seconds to install and works like a champ . Note
 Excellent product . I just took a road trip and learned how to cut my fuel take . It is a good product to learn how to save gas . Well worth the money .
 This product is pretty nice . It 's super easy to hook up , and fairly easy to configure . Most people will probably just get one or two settings setup and then not fool with it , though . I like how you can change the screen color to match the color of your instrument displays.My major complaints about this product are :1 -RRB- No text for ODB trouble codes2 -RRB- No text for engine display data3 -RRB- No way to set the time frame for the mileage calculator -LRB- it has several settings - instantaneous , trip , day , etc. . . , but you ca n't make your own -RRB- All in all , this is an excellent product , and will definitely change the way you drive . Without the information provided by scan guage , you wo n't really know what your mileage is , or how to improve it.I recommend this product , even though it has some shortcomings .
 ScanGauge II 3-in-1 Compact Multifunction Vehicle Computer with Customizable DisplaySince installing the ScanGauge I have become keenly aware of my miles per gallon every second I 'm driving . So I gently accelerate to the point where overdrive kicks in , then I cruise around 55-60 mph . It also has a trip mode so you can see miles driven per day and per tank etc. . I am thoroughly delighted with this product and would recommend it to anyone.Michael Bonner
 Took About 10 Days to get it , but it was worth It ! If You 're wanting to save a little Money On this Product . When You 're Checking Out , just sign up for Amazon 's Credit card and Get and Extra $ 30.00 buck 's Off ... PLUS You 'll get super Saver 's Shipping -- -LRB- FREE -RRB- ------ Can beat that Deal Anywhere !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Will keep you aware of how much gas your using . Lots of other functions , well worth the money .
 I purchased this product as a gift for my husband because he enjoys automotive gadgets . After pricing some other similar scan tools , it appeared that the Scan Gauge II gave you the most for your money . So far my husband is very happy with it and finds its multiple functions quite handy .
 Very handy OBD-II scanner , but also has LOTS of features related to your car 's OBD data collection system . About 20 to 30 possible data points can be monitored depending on the protocol of your system and how extensive the sensors are . Things like water temperature , rpm , throttle position , MPH , voltage output , spark advance , and manifold pressure -LRB- vacuum -RRB- are easy . But the system also tracks fuel usage in MPG , GPH , gallons used , gallons remaining , miles driven on this tank , miles to empty , cost per gallon , cost per trip , cost per mile , miles driven today , miles driven yesterday , miles driven this trip ... it just goes on and on . Download the manual and read it!The display has about 20 or 30 different combinations of colors and backgrounds , but it is still hard to read in direct sunlight . And sometimes , at least on my Subaru , it looses communication with the OBD computer and then has to be retuned to give accurate estimates of fuel consumption and mileage . That 's a pain.Overall very effective OBD tool , and great for tracking mileage and fuel consumption . You can get the OBD function cheaper I think , but the total package of options is hard to beat . I 'm glad I bought it .
 Product arrived promptly and was easy to install . Used a small plastic project box to mount above steering wheel . Plugged right in to OBD II port and started right up . Instructions were mostly easy to follow and I was able to program a custom miles to empty gauge using the X Gauge function without difficulty . Display is easy to read and can be set for a variety of colors and levels of lighting . I particularly like the ability to monitor instantaneous -LRB- almost -RRB- miles per gallon which helps to conserve fuel . The only complaint is that the Velcro mounting tape supplied holds the gauge too loosely and allows it to move a bit . A more solid mounting arrangement such as a bracket would be better.Follow Up
 Easy to set up and mount . Offers user-customizable configurations for a plethora of gauges and functions -LRB- see specs on Amazon -RRB- . Indispensable if you want to keep a close eye on performance and load parameters to prolong the life of your engine and transmission .
 I like all of the great features . I do have trouble staying connected to my truck . I have tried forcing PWM mode as book says to do , but does not work to stay connected . I think even with the slight bugs it is worth the money . A lot better than a bunch of analog gauges all over the truck for non critical parameters .
 I just got this last week , had been thinking about it for a while . This thing has altered the way I drive , just got it and already has increased my mileage by about 5mpg . That makes it more than pay for itself in just 1 year if all goes well with it .
 We bought this for our RV -LRB- 2008 Mercedes Sprinter chassis -RRB- and it works great . I can see how many miles are left until an empty tank , watch the mpg , monitor engine temp , and lots of other things . Be sure to read the manual for how to calibrate your mileage readings . We mounted the ScanGauge on our dashboard using the provided velcro strips . That approach was okay , but I would like to find a sturdier way to mount it . If you 're handy , you can mount it on your dash and run the cable through the insides to get to the OBDII port . You have the option of having the cable connected to the ScanGauage either on the right side or out the back . No additional electrical source is needed , since the OBD port is powered .
 It works and does what it says . The interface is a bit creaky , but it works OK . The unit meets my -LRB- reasonably high -RRB- expectations.Thoughts :1 . Fill up right after you get it , as it needs to calibrate the fuel consumption meter against your actual fill up . Mine read 12 % higher than real gas mileage initially because -LRB- evidently -RRB- the fuel consumption pulses on the car are n't calibrated and the SGII just makes an assumption - they know it 's wrong and tell you that in the quick start manual . First you fill up and tell it that you did . The next time you fill up you tell it that , plus the gas amount of the fill up . Then it displays the proper gas mileage and fuel usage rates .2 . The horsepower gauge -LRB- must be programmed manually -RRB- is interesting , if not altogether useful . So is the Load gauge and the TPS . Seeing the behavior in numbers makes you think a bit about the design of the throttle sensor and fuel system . Interesting . The HP gauge has done some odd things -LRB- like occasionally thinks the ECU is in `` closed loop '' and not consuming any fuel -RRB- at extended full throttle , but it 's not like I do that very often . Have not had the time nor inclination to chase that one down .3 . The fuel per hour gauge is very interesting and you can see what effect things like A/C , etc. have on fuel consumption , particularly at idle in park or neutral . Just pushing the clutch in has an effect of fuel usage for me .4 . Seems to have survived some sunny , 100 degree days mounted on my dash , although I have protected it against direct sunlight by covering it with reflective materials .5 . I have n't been able to get the `` Use trip data as a regular gauge '' function . Only tried once and the web page instructions were not clear enough -LRB- and no , I 'm not a dunderhead . . -RRB- .6 . The display is quite readable in all conditions I 've seen do far . It works great in direct sunlight . Do be a bit careful in mounting it so that the sky is not directly reflecting off of the glass surface into your eyes . I have a convertible , and that could be an issue . In my case , it reflects the top windshield bar -LRB- which is dark -RRB- . I have it mounted almost at eye level at plane of the rest of the gauges , which makes focus shifting minimal , and moving of the eyes minimal .7 . The various trip meters -LRB- current trip -LRB- since ignition on , I guess -RRB- , today , tank -RRB- are quite handy and work automatically .8 . Just seeing the mileage in detail -LRB- and the resolution they do it at -LRB- e.g. instantaneous YYY.Z MPG -RRB- -RRB- sort of makes you want to hyper-mile - not the kind of driving I normally so . And I really like the GPH function .9 . I may go one size wider on my next set of tires , which would make my speedo read ~ 1 % low of actual . This unit can calibrated so the your real speed is displayed on the gauge , which is a good thing .10 . Do n't know about the code reading functions , but the specs indicate that it does good things like take a snapshot of engine data at the moment a code is thrown . Nice .11 . It stores calibration data -LRB- matches your car -RRB- in flash memory , so you can take it out and put in another car , but when it returns , the calibration stays . Of course , your tank 's cumulative fuel consumption will be wrong until the next fill up.Oh , vehicle in which it 's installed ? 2006 Mazda MX-5 GT , with 6-speed manual trans.Summary ? Good product . I 'd recommend it .
 If your looking to just plug-in for basic information , like mpg , volts , rpm , this device is easy as pie . If you want to add custom data points to monitor out of your computer , there 's a lot of button pushing and time to enter in all the special codes . The price ca n't be beat.Pros : Easy to useInexpensiveLooks nice on dashCons : Hard to setup for non-standard dataNo computer interface -LRB- would have made setup easier -RRB-
 I love the ScanGauge , I was hesitant to buy it because of the price , but it 's worth it . I love getting the feedback about my car , and I 've already noticed better gas mileage as I adjust my driving to try to maximize the MPG readings it shows.I also had a check engine light come on recently , it was great to be able to read the code and check it myself , turned out to be nothing so I just cleared the code and saved myself a trip to the mechanic !
 Works ok . Wish I had a better place to mount it . My dash is mostly curves and angles . At first I had trouble getting it to connect with either of my cars . The problem seems to be dirty or corroded OBD plug pins . Cleaned them off with contact cleaner and coated them with dielectric grease and it is working . Now if I can figure out how to adjust the nut behind the wheel , and scrape some of the lead off my right foot .
 I bought to use in a 2010 Dodge Grand Caravan C \ V mainly for the tachometer function . I also use the instant mpg and coolant temperature functions . It works better than expected and is simple to set up .
 I bought the Scanguage II to enable me to monitor the Transmission Fluid Temperature of my Winnebago Rialta . Itneeded to be programmed from instructions I received elsewhere . The process of installing and programming wassuccessful . The Scanguage has many more capabilities , and I use some of the installed gages . Without this device , I would not have any way to monitor my transmission . I am pleased with the unit .
 A great product for what it does . It wo n't make your car get better gas mileage but it sure will help train you to drive so it does . The instantaneous MPG display shows exactly how much it costs to tromp on the gas pedal . I 've upped my gas mileage by about 20 % by changing the way I drive . And if case I forget this little gauge shows me.The only drawback is that the PIDs -LRB- special codes for each specific car -RRB- are not readily available . All the preprogrammed gauges work great .
 Perfect for on the go measurements of whatever you want . I placed it in a overhead compartment . The cord as a few inches too short , so I had to buy 3ft of Cat5 cable and a coupler to run it under my headliner . Works great and is very readable day or night .
 It does everything that it says it does . It is a scan tool for diagnostics that most shops charge $ 85 for . Two scans or two trips to the dealership and it is paid for . Plus it is always plugged in , so if the warning light comes on , you can find the code immediately . The instanst miles per gallon help me get about an extra 50 miles per tank , because I am more cautious to how I accelerate .
 The merits of the ScanGauge II have been discussed previously . My main concern was the performance of the gauge at temperature extremes . Living in Colorado the gauge has performed flawlessly at temps . ranging from -10 to 140 fahrenheit in the last half year . Highly recommended .
 Not much of an in depth review , but the Scanguage is great - I use it to monitor my MPG , both instantanious and average for the trip . Since it also measures TPS -LRB- how hard you 're pressing the pedal -RRB- it all comes to gether to remind me of how much gas I 'm using.Which makes it nice to get ~ 40 mpg in my civic for driving around town : -RRB-
 We really like the Scan Gauge . We use it in our Toyota Prius . Since we are used to work with the metric system , we really enjoy that we can read it in metric units , but when we fill up , we just input the gallons the pump tells us . The Scan Gauge converts everything automatically . Great buy !
 This thing has mystical mind-altering properties . Even though I have a car that gets really good mileage and I do n't really care about increasing it , I ca n't help myself . My average tank mileage has increased from 33mpg to over 39 on the last tankful - 5mpg better than the rated highway mileage.I find myself trying to ignore it , but no matter what I do , it continues to affect my behavior . I want to accelerate the last few mph going up hills , but I just ca n't do it.Thankfully it wo n't work with my RX-7 - that would set up a conflict of immense proportions.I 'm actually surprised that 's it 's letting me type th
 I have owned my ScanGauge II for about 18 months and it has paid for itself in fuel savings.I drive a 1998 Ford Expedition and have seen a 20 % increase in my fuel mileage since I purchased my ScanGauge II . It has taught me a more efficient way to drive . You are able to see your actual fuel mileage in realtime and lets you see what effect passing a car , accelerating up a hill and coasting has on your fuel mileage.I have read reviews that have been critical on this unit because it does some of the same things that the onboard computer does in some of the more expensive cars . This unit is great for people that have cars made after 1996 and do not have the onboard mileage computer . This unit also will read most trouble codes and is able to clear many codes after you repair the problem.Two thumbs up !!!!
 The ScanGuage II was the only reasonable product I could find for determining my mileage . I read up on it and it seemed very attractive . I wanted to use it to see how high I could get my mileage . So I ordered it with an extra cable for my other vehicle and it came in just a few days.I plugged in the cord to my vehicle and wound the slack around the steering wheel -LRB- as close to the dash as possible , it does not interfere with steering at all -RRB- and tied it tight with twist ties . I mounted the unit with velcro above the dash so everyone in my vehicle -LRB- Toyota Matrix -RRB- can see it easily . In my other vehicle -LRB- Toyota Corrolla -RRB- I put it behind the steering wheel so I could see it through the wheel -LRB- I used velcro on the bottom and back of my ScanGuage and plug in the cord on the back for the Matrix and the right side for the Corolla -RRB- . I leave my ScanGuage on the guage screen at all times and it turns on and off with my vehicle -LRB- so I do n't have to think about it -RRB- . It 's not as visible as a GPS on the windshield but you still should hide it when leaving the car -RRB- . The 4 gauges I leave on my screen are RPM , speed -LRB- MPH -RRB- , instant MPG , and average trip mileage -LRB- which I programmed myself using the manual as AVG -RRB- . So I use my MPG reading to help me improve my AVG reading . Just playing around I notice turning the air condition on causes my RPM to go up by 100 when my car is idling . I had to adjust the gauge speed to make it match more closely to my speedometer . I set the backlight to red to match my car radio display and I use the fillup feature to set the price I paid for gas if I ever want to see how much driving is costing me each trip.A few things about it
 Scangauge is amazing ! simply put , using it for a week and a half my mileage avg has gone up almost 10 MPG ! , I drive a 2008 Honda Fit Sport , I was getting around 36MPG prior to scangauge , my current tank I am getting 45.7 ! and today I am up to 51MPG ! using the scangauge to learn how to drive your car to get AMAZING mileage is really easy ! I know it will pay for itself in time ! a must have for people interested in cutting fuel costs !
 This is my second SG2 , my first one was stolen from my car , but now I have an extra cable ! I primarily use it in my wife 's car for MPG feedback . My wife appreciates the miles to empty gauge and has found that she modify 's her driving style when she has the instant MPG readout . I occasionally will use it for reading trouble codes . -LRB- I have only had one , a fuel vent trouble that would n't clear , but the SG cleared it for me . -RRB- If you are trying to save fuel , this is your gauge . -LRB- Assuming that you have a compatible vehicle , see their web site . -RRB- If you want a cheapish code scanner , this does fine . -LRB- You will need the manual or the internet to decode the trouble codes , but that is easy enough . -RRB- It will clear the codes if they are not active .
 Great little tool to go with any newer car . Set up is easy and the options are clearly described . Instructions are very clear and in simple English .
 I bought my ScanGauge for two reasons . First , I considered buying one for use in my RV to monitor mileage and some of the sensors . Second , I wanted to be able to monitor any codes from the on-board diagnostics -LRB- OBD -RRB- . After the check engine light came on during an RVing trip in April , it cost me $ 105 at a dealer to find out the OBD codes . The dealer was able to turn off the check engine light , because it was a minor engine malfunction , but I decided to buy the ScanGauge before the check engine light came on again . I ordered the ScanGauge with fast shipping , and it arrived at my house the next day -LRB- less than 24 hours later -RRB- , which was very impressive from a distant shipping location . I hooked it up to my OBD port on the RV , and went on the next trip . Sure enough , the check engine light came on after several hundred miles , but this time I was able to read the codes and the status of the engine sensors at the time . I went back to the dealer and the dealer also read the codes , but now I was able to understand the problem better and be satisfied about the proposed fix for the engine problem . There are a lot of websites with helpful solutions for OBD codes , if you can read the codes , as with a ScanGauge.The plus side is that the information and reset that cost me $ 105 at the dealer is now free using the ScanGauge . Do n't get me wrong . The ScanGauge will help you understand the problem , but it wo n't fix it for you.I am currently using the Scangauge to monitor daily fuel economy , current fuel economy , outside ambient air temperature , and engine water temperature on screen . These gauges are not available to me in the RV , and the ScanGauge provides the accuracy I want . This is a very useful product , and it provides a lot of peace of mind and information for a good price . I was extremely pleased with the superfast delivery .
 The ScanGauge II has an excellent mix of functionality , simplicity , and price . Every other automotive computer I looked at that provided more features that the ScanGauge II would require programming to provide the simple functionality I wanted . There were several devices that provided some part of the ScanGauge II 's functions , but combining them gets expensive fast . The ScanGauge II is spectacularly easy to install and use as well.I bought a ScanGauge II for my Elantra . The trim of Elantra that I have has a very simple instrument cluster . It does n't have a water temperature gauge , mileage indicator , or a trip computer . Just getting those things was worthwhile for me . I find that knowing my mileage in real time helps to keep my driving in check , knowing the water temp is helpful if there is a coolant problem , not to mention letting you know when the heater will work , and the trip computer is useful for planning rest stops.Also , I have had issues with service indicators before , being able to troubleshoot them immediately and to clear them is a major plus.I have been using ScanGauge II for a few months , it seems solidly built and I have n't encountered any bugs . I have heard a friend complain that the velcro adhesive strips included can melt on hot days , which could be a problem if you have the gauge suspended by the velcro . I have n't encountered this problem.This is a worthwhile buy for nearly anybody , but especially someone like me with a very limited instrument cluster .
 this device was ez to hook up to my 1997 toyota corolla.it is ez to use also -LRB- after about 10 mins of playing with it -RRB- . it immedietly changed my driving style and i 'm know getting about 39 mpg on a 13 year old car , with no `` upgrades '' or majic pills . this is what the govt -LRB- if they insist on spending our cash -RRB- should have spent the stimulis on ! one for every licenced 97 or newer car on the road !! we would save millions of barrels of oil . this is a true plug and play device at least for my toyota . i ca n't shut up about this thing !
 Hook up is a no brainer . Use is easy , programming is straight forward ... This thing works right out of the box , but to get the most out it , program your xgauge . I 've already used the scan tool several times on different vehicles , and I use the trip/guage functions daily on my truck . It is a great way to teach yourself to use less fuel . I 'm very heavy footed , and this allows me to see in near real-time fuel consumption , which then has the effect of relaxing the muscles that tell me to `` floor it '' ... and so I save a little more money at the pump .
 I think all the favorable reviews pretty much have covered how I feel about my Scangage II . However , the one area that poses issues not discussed in forums very much involves the length of the scanner cable . Also curious in my opinion is the fact that the unit has two interchangable cat 5 connection ports , one dead center in the middle out the back and one to the right end . The cable is no doubt very sturdy but also very difficult to hide . So mounting choices need very careful trial and fit considerations . Several photos of other installations suggest mounting above the rear view mirror . This may have worked well for some . I do n't see how routing the 1/4 inch black cable can be routed in that situation without being too visable . In my case mounting the unit above the mirror and trying to route the cable up behind the left corner post and then along the windshield I am a few inches short of making that connection easily . So now what do I do with the excess 4 feet of cable that is in the way for my steering column mounted position ?
 I 've owned one of these for the last two years and I LOVE it.I originally bought it to have a mph readout but it has so manyother features I 'm still finding new uses for it all the time.I also like the adjustable light color settings for the readout.Overall I think this instrument is worth twice the price but I ` mglad it is so reasonably priced .
 How did I ever live without my scanguage . This is helping me understand which driving habits burn more fuel , use more power , cost me more , so I can learn to be a more efficient driver , and for a techie geek like me its amazing fun to see all the data : -RRB- The velcro strips for mounting are a great idea , and hold the display in place while allowing quick and easy removal.Having the cable connector on the right of the display doesnt work so well for me when my OBD port is on the LEFT of the car.Setting it up using the quick start guide was real easy . Navigating thru the menus at my first and second fill up was also a breeze : -RRB- The hardest part is figuring out what data you want to display on the guages .
 I had my eye on a Scangauge for some time . The tipping point was when I was working on my car and wanted an OBD II reader to check the engine codes . The scangauge does this , so it seemed as good a time as any to buy one.I 've been quite impressed by the functionality . The trip function is useful for knowing my overall fuel economy for a drive . I use the scan function for real time information on my fuel economy , coolant temperature , load , engine timing , and a few other numbers . I 'm still learning what some of the features are , but I 'm already quite satisfied with the product . It satisfies my curiosity about driving optimality . For instance , last night I discovered that for climbing a certain mountain near my house , it 's more efficient to drive it in 3rd compared to 4th , as I did before . I 've also found that driving a freeway route late at night is less efficient than driving the same route during the day . My guess is that it 's due to intake air temperature , but figuring out reasons is another matter .
 Great product , simple plug-and-play into the OBD connector . Easy to program and has helpful info on saving gas and displaying vital info about the engine .
 The ScanGauge II is everything it claims to be . I am more than pleased with the ease of installation and the variety of information that can be displayed . Since my vehicle is not factory equipped with trip computer functions , the ability to read instant and average fuel economy , coolant temperature , manifold absolute pressure , etc. is really appreciated . I 'm a very satisfied customer .
 I purchased a new -LRB- to me -RRB- van and bought this device to see what the fuel consumption rate is on the new van so I can teach myself to drive it in a fuel efficient fashion . This devices works great .
 Great little device . Tracks milage and lots of other engine parameters . Has the ability to read trouble codes too . For the price , it ca n't be beat . Easy to set up .
 I managed to squeeze another 5 mpg using this device and watching my driving habits .
 The SG does all it 's advertisd to do very well . Using the programable functions requires some effort . I 'm glad I have it but have n't gone much beyond basics .
 It 's great . All I had to do is plugging it into the OBD socket and that 's it . Now I can see the car speed , fuel consumption , trip distance , trip cost , and more . It also tells me the error codes the car is sending . I think this gadget is really awesome .
 What a cool device . I ca n't think of anything the designers missed . I wanted a tachometer , but got a whole lot more.I actually installed it directly into my '09 Prius ' driver 's side upper dash panel , just above the steering column and below the top rim of the steering wheel . Took some careful planning and then sawing the cutout , but it 's a perfect place for the gauge , and makes it theft proof .
 I recently purchased the scan gauge 2 and it was very easy to install and setup for my vehicle . I found its functions useful in monitoring my vehicle 's fuel consumption and operating condition . I now have the proper tool to analyze any error codes that may happen should the `` check engine light '' appear.Thank you .
 This is an excellent addition to any car . It gives me valuable and useful information about many different components of the car as it ia running . You can find out and analyze how your engine is working , fuel usage , diagnostic codes , and many more.I find it to be invaluable .
 I recently got the Scangauge II after my order for a Kiwi MPG was canceled when the company could n't provide the goods.While the Scangauge does cost about twice as much as the Kiwi , I believe it offers more in the long run . The Kiwi MPG does offer the ability to read multiple functions , but can only show one result at a time . The Scangauge can monitor 4 separate functions at once and show you all 4 at the same time.When you get the package you 'll receive the unit itself and 6 feet of connector cable -LRB- roughly the diameter of a cable TV wire -RRB- . You also get a couple Velcro pads and instructions.Here 's an idea of how easy it is to hookup - first a spot to put the base unit , attach it to the dash using the Velcro -LRB- or a suction cup windshield unit if you have one -RRB- , plug the connector into your OBD port , turn on the ignition , and then plug in the base unit . Takes all of 5 seconds once you find the OBD port -LRB- it was on the left side of my Yaris dashboard next to the fuse box -RRB- . In fact it took me longer to figure out how to hide 6 feet of cable than to figure out the system itself.Instructions state you may have to wait 60 seconds or so for the unit to read your onboard computer , but it read mine instantly . All you have to do is enter the engine size information and approximate size of the gas tank -LRB- for me , it 's 1.5 L and 11.5 gallons -RRB- . Information is held in memory by using your vehicle 's trickle charge -LRB- in case you did n't know , your car is alive even when the ignition is off and a small amount of power courses through the vehicle -RRB- . My choice of gauges shown includes average MPG , instant MPG , tachometer and vehicle speed.I 've read some complaints that there appears to be a couple second delay on the information provided ; however , my unit appears to have no real lag time . When I accelerate the tachometer responds along with the speed and mpg readings . For the most part , the speed on the unit is the same speed I show on the standard speedometer on the dash.What 's amazing is the spread in instant mileage figures . When accelerating the unit will tell me I 'm averaging 6 to 15 mpg but it can go as high as 80 mpg once at cruising speed -LRB- my average mileage is 40.6 -RRB- . At rest my car 's rpm level seems to average 650 but at 70 it 's closer to 2,700 . It even told me that during certain times of cruising , especially with the cruise control on , the engine all but shuts down to save fuel -LRB- I discovered this when I checked to find out why the unit would read `` 9999 '' in the instant mpg area - the company told me it means the engine has literally shut down to save fuel and is cruising -RRB- . Might explain why I get nearly 50 mpg on the highway.Pros : * Instant and easy installation . * Has the ability to monitor stuff you did n't even know existed . For the adventurous you can even go to the manufacturer 's website to find additional measuring stats it can find for your particular vehicle . * Nearly instant reading of requested information . At the worst , it maybe has a .25 second delay , if that . * Does n't wash out in direct sunlight and has backlight with various colors for night driving . * Attaches via the OBD port and uses power from that connection - no need for external power source . Some other units sold require a hard wire connection to a power source . * Not much bigger than a large pack of gum and not much heavier . * Can reset diagnostic codes , such as the infamous change oil light nobody else will reset . Just one trip to the dealer to reset one of these can cost you $ 80 or more . On the downside , you have to do an Internet search to know what the code means on the display , but that 's a minor inconvenience . * Does n't care what car it 's in . You can swap it from one car to the next if you desire . * Watch it enough and it 'll help you to save gas and doing so becomes something of a game . I now try to accelerate in such a way that the rpm 's do n't exceed a certain level or I 'll try my best to get an instant reading of 80 mpg.Cons : * 6 foot cable is hard to hide without taking apart the dashboard . My car has a sealed under-dash and this makes routing and hiding the cable a trick . I finally wrapped it around the steering wheel base a couple times and hid the unit in my driver 's side glove box -LRB- you know what I mean if you 're a Yaris owner -RRB- . * Manufacturer advises against direct sun exposure or it could overheat . In the Florida sun this means I have to hide the unit to avoid overexposure . * It 's wired , how about a wireless unit -LRB- in all fairness , a couple companies do make a wireless unit but they can cost over twice as much -RRB- ? * Pretty pricey , although it does replace a multitude of gauges that would probably cost me substantially more than $ 160 . * Included Velcro is barely enough , I ended up replacing it with larger strips.For Prius owners , this unit can also monitor battery state and condition -LRB- necessary for knowing in advance that the battery pack is getting ready to give up the ghost or is malfunctioning -RRB- . For those of you thinking about getting the rear view mirror mount that is sold separately , be aware this means you have to snake the included cable through the headliner , down the side pillar , and then to the OBD connector . If you have side airbags like I do this is not possible due to airbag location . Also , some rearview mirrors , like the one in the Yaris , are too close to the headliner to mount such a device . If you do n't want to mount the device with Velcro , just get a windshield mount usually used for cell phones or GPS systems .
 I purchased this product specifically for gas milage management . With ScanGauge II , the driver can monitor four displays at once . I keep up with my RPMs , Fuel Remaining , Average Fuel Milage , and Instant Fuel Milage all at once . It will even tell you how much each trip actually costs you . The other great thing ScanGauge does is give you `` per tank '' information such as MPGs , distance , averages , etc.This product definately works `` As Advertised '' .
 pros :1 -RRB- mpg readings2 -RRB- trip and tank figures3 -RRB- compact and portable design4 -RRB- four user defined readings in gauge mode5 -RRB- obdii readingscons :1 -RRB- hard to read in the sun2 -RRB- cable is really thick3 -RRB- questionable build quality4 -RRB- auto-start doesnt start right away when you start your carFeatures are meaningless if you dont use them or if you dont know how to use them . ScanguageII could be used for multiple purposes . If you do not understand how your car works , i suggest you learn first.What i use it for is for fuel consumption . Like many people who uses it , they monitor their mpg . With the other readings such as Throttle position and Engine load , you can refine and optimize your driving technique by observing how your driving habits affect the multiple variables that ultimately affect mpg . You can also use it to evaluate how the driving environment affects your vehicles performance . For those who use it for mpg . i suggest you follow the directions on calibrating your gas tank
 The ScanGauge was purchased based on favorable review and comments on the Toyota RAV4 web forum.It does exactly what it says it will do ; providing a host of data about the vehicle 's operation.I monitor coolant temperature -LRB- degrees F -RRB- , MPG -LRB- updated every few seconds -RRB- , engine load -LRB- % of power output at the current RPM , and engine intake air temperature.I also monitor fuel left in the tank which is more accurate then the dash fuel gauge.While the display backlight has many color choices , and can be dimmed at night , the `` text '' could benefit from more contrast.Other then this minor complaint , I am very satisfied with the ScanGauge .
 I 'm totally satisfied with this purchase . I only wish I would have bought one sooner . Using this on a Ford F350 diesel , my around town mileage has gone from 13.4 mpg to over 17mpg , and my hiway mileage has gone from 15.3 to 23.1 ! The ScanGauge paid for itself after just four tanks of fuel , and now I 'm saving money .
 I purchased a Scangauge II for my 2004 Hyundai XG350L and when I plugged it in my speedometer stopped working and I got a zero MPG reading . I tried it in a different vehicle , a Chevy Tahoe from work , and it worked perfectly . I called Linear Logic and they rep told me that some manufacturers did n't follow the OBD spec but the unit works in those vehicles if a couple of pins are removed . I asked which pins so I could remove them and the rep told me not to do that because then the cable would n't work in most other vehicles , they would send me another cable with the pins removed . I gave him my address and was waiting for him to ask me for a credit card number but they 're sending the second cable with no charge to me . That 's what I call exceptional customer service . The problem is n't Linear Logic 's , the problem is Hyundai 's and yet Linear Logic is making it right . Linear Logic is an outstanding company .
 The device itself does not make any changes to your vehicle to improve fuel mileage . What it WILL do is show you how much fuel you are using based on your current driving habits . If you are willing to make changes to the way you drive based on the feedback this device provides , you might just experience some impressive increases in fuel economy.Some vehicle models come from the factory with trip/mileage computers and for those vehicles this gauge MIGHT be redundant UNLESS you might also be interested in some of the other parameters this gauge might measure . One parameter in particular might be transmission temperature for those who tow and have automatic transmissions . Before you order , it would be a good idea to contact the Scangauge folks in Mesa , Az to see if this device will function with your modelvehicle for parameters in which you are interested.I run this device on 2 different vehicles
 wow , a product that works as it says . After trying out the ScanGauge II , it 's proven already to be a great product and well worth the money . In my case , my Mazda 626 not only reports the normal OBDII readouts , but using the xgauge function , I can also display the oil temp in my ATX , ignition timing , engine torque and horsepower output and several other things I did n't ever dream I could have reported to me . I 've not had an error code yet to try that feature out with , but just the gauge function is good enough to buy . I wish I had known about this years ago . Also , I 'm sure my MPG is better since I now actively try to maximize it through driving style , based on the instant MPG readout gauge.If you think you like the sound of this product , then you wo n't be disappointed.Btw , xguage is just a way to get the ScanGauge II to send special codes to your car 's computer to request custom data . Besides the standard data that almost all cars provide , each manufacturer is different in what extra data can also be requested from the engine management computer -LRB- for display in the ScanGauge -RRB- . There 's a PDF on the manufacturer 's website that 's constantly updated that has the codes -LRB- mainly for domestic brands -RRB- for you to try out .
 I 'm not a mechanic , I am in no way a car expert , and I 'm not even a guy . I 'm just a girl who had a beat up old infinity which always had some kind of problem . I 've learned through my guy friend about this little computer and it saved me a lot of money and aggravation . I really love this thing.Whenever annoying yellow check engine light popped out all I had to do is connect this magic thing and it would tell me the code . Which I would then Google and find out if it 's anything important . If it 's not I would just clear it , and if it is I would go to the mechanic but at least I would already know what is wrong with the car and save the money on diagnostics . Pretty simple for someone who knows nothing about the cars.When my infinity got sold I 've used this computer to check the cars I was thinking of buying just to make sure they do n't have any hidden codes . I 'm also pretty sure that this little computer is useful for other things , but that is something for experts to figure out . I am pretty happy with my own simple use .
 I purchased the Scangauge II for my 2009 Honda Accord LX because the car did not include even the basic trip-computer functions like miles-per-gallon and distance-to-empty that are increasingly standard . I had planned to mount it under the dash on the right but ended up placing it at the base of the windshield , a bit to the center , in a place that makes it easy to see while driving without blocking any of my view of the road -LRB- because of the angle , the only thing it blocks is a bit of the front hood . -RRB- After experimenting with the multiple backlight colors , I ended up choosing a lightish green that blends well with the other dash colors.I am finding it very easy to use , and the information very useful in naturally guiding me to understand how to improve my mileage . I am already seeing results . The immediate feedback , and ability to set goals for myself to see if I can `` beat '' my highest MPG and lowest trip-cost for my daily commute has already guided me to improve my driving habits , see the results , and thus feel rewarded for doing so . Having 4 gauges visible at the same time is great . -LRB- I do wish I could select a smaller subset to cycle through so I do n't have to go through all the options -- there are maybe 6 or 7 I 'd want to pull up on a regular basis . -RRB- I am very glad I did not settle for one of the cheaper less featured or less supported options . And I am also glad I purchased a dedicated device as opposed to something to use with my iPod touch ; it 's great having the unit always ready in the machine and instantly available and it was easier to find a good place to mount . I do wish it had a bit more memory and a way to export data so I could track trips and progress over time , to see , for example , how my mileage improves over several months or how different weather conditions affects mileage.The numerous gauges are useful and interesting to have as well , though I am just beginning to understand what each represents and what they mean in terms of performance , engine health , etc. . I contacted Scangauge support by email with a question late one evening , and was blown away to get a detailed , extensive , personal , helpful reply early the next day . This is the best support experience I have had with any product in recent years.I have whole-heartedly recommended this to several friends already .
 Scan Guage II is everything I expected and more . I wanted a guage to read out my MPG for the Saturn that I drive . Why ? By giving me the MPG feedback , I can modify my driving habits so that I can use less gas on my trips . I found that I gained more mileage and did not lose time in driving ; I can forsee paying for my purchase in a few months . I highly recommend this for everyone concerned with the high price of gas !
 This product has worked as advertised . It gives real-time data on most of the critical operating aspects of the vehicle . I bought it to monitor my gas mileage after various after-market gas savings devices were installed . It worked well for that application . It transfers easily from one vehicle to the other and is easy to set up .
 I wanted one of these for a long time , and when I got my economic stimulus check I could n't resist any longer . This is a great tool . I was worried that it was n't going to come with the latest software flash from L-L -LRB- manufacturer -RRB- , but it did . Great device and simple installation . I modified the trim piece on my dash so I could do a semi-permanent mount and it looks great . This is helping me to save fuel by showing me my MPG 's drop when I floor my car . Plus it keeps track of just about anything your car 's computer puts out . Very highly customizable . I recommend this to anyone that has a car with OBDII !
 I bought the ScanGaugeII to get a real-time MPG reading . Its easy to setup , plug it in and set 3 values - done and works accurately . However you have to tell it when you fill up your tank.Although I found out there 's nothing I can do to improve my city MPG , it helps a lot lowering consumption on highways and freeways . Plus monitoring cooling liquid temperature and voltage may help you avoid really big problems.I was also able to clear a service code that popped up once .
 I 've been wanting a ScanGauge for a couple of years now and finally bought one with my Economic Stimulus check . Our new car has an trip computer and I have found that I can significantly exceed the EPA mileage estimates if I pay attention to it and carefully adjust my driving habits . I bought the ScanGauge because I wanted something similar for my 5-year-old Civic which does n't have a trip computer . The ScanGauge has features similar to most built-in trip computers , then adds several other things . Depending on the vehicle there are a bunch of custom things it can monitor , like transmission temperature , oil life , etc.Everyone else has already gone over most of the features , but I mainly wanted it for the instantaneous and cumulative MPG calculation . With gas prices going up I wanted to see if I could improve my MPG . Without any kind of instantaneous feedback , I tend to drive `` enthusiastically '' and only get about 25 MPG in my Civic . If I pay attention to it I can get ~ 35 MPG on my commute to and from work . Little things like coasting up to red lights/stop signs and not accelerating up hills really make a big difference . I pulled out all the stops and got 41 MPG driving around town!The cents per mile and gallons per hour are other fun settings to watch . If you floor it when merging onto the highway it will report that you 're using about 9 gallons per hour . Kind of helps you keep your foot out of it .
 everything is expected except one thing . the scan feature does n't seems to work in my car . when i plug in it read no codes but the bottom says '' - NOT READY - '' so i donno if it my car or the scanner is like that -LRB- which should n't be according to the manual -RRB- . i will try to scan it in some problem car sometimes to verify it . all other features work really well . my car is 02 subaru outback , btw .
 The first scan gauge I received was defective , I contacted scan gauge by Email and they sent me a new unit by US mail , and it included a prepaid return shipping label for my broken scan gauge.I am very happy with the new scan gauge II , I am using it to monitor my transmission temp . and other gauges while towing with my 2005 Ford F150 .
 I am very pleased with the comprehensive amount of information available . I recently bought a small motor home and was somewhat concerned with the mileage I would get , considering the cost of fuel now . When I first got the camper about 2 1/2 months ago I was getting between 11 and 11.5 MPG . After installing the ScanGauge II , I became more aware of my excess speed and lead foot takeoffs and am now averaging 14 to 15 miles MPG , just by staying within speed limits -LRB- 55 MPH mostly -RRB- and more reasonable takeoffs . I 've only had the Gauge for a short time , but so far it has been very reliable and easy to set up .
 I received this Device for Christmas and I think It 's GREAT !!!!! It 's abilities are better then all the other Digital Dashboards I have ever owned . You can customized the layout to your own design and the digital readouts are soo much fun to watch and adjust . I highly recommend this Device to anybody who wants to convert from Analog to Digital .
 I used this unit on a 1350 mile trip 2 weekends ago . Highly accurate trip computer . Easy setup and installation , good trip information and data . I have not needed to check any trouble codes at this point , thank goodness . I would highly recommend the ScanGaugeII .
 I own 2 of these ScanGauge 's and am constantly challenging myself to get the best gas mileage I can . It 's amazing how fast you learn little tricks to get your MPG higher and higher and knowing that in doing so , you 're saving yourself money.Every car should come equipped with one of these , but since they do not I recommend getting one for every vehicle you own !
 i bought several to check torque and other odd sensor outputs on some of my carshighly recommendedin fact if they had one at a higher price with a color lcd display i think it would seel well
 Love the info . RPM & water-temp are obvious needs . Now I can see exactly when the engine is warm & I can start hypermiling . It was fun to see the temp go way up as last nite 's warm water was pumped back into the engine ! There are write-ups on PriusChat about the use of IGN for hi-speed hypermiling . I 've yet to try that.I do wish they 'd chosen an appropriate size screen , tho -- about twice the area . And a brighter light . With a bigger screen , maybe have an option of 6 data .
 This gauge is great for monitoring the temperatures and values of the engine , have not had a chance to use read engine codes but the gauge is very easy to use .
 this is a great product , it works really good , on most of the cars ... but ... it does n't work on a '00 japanese Toyota Hilux 2.7 L engine.bye.Fernando
 This gauge is everything I hoped for and more . . It gives you more information than what comes standard with most GM cars . It is truly for guys who like to have gadgets . This gauge even gives you the radiator temp . It wo n't tell you your tire pressure ... but thats not an issue with me . I love it and recommend it to every guy who likes gadgets for their truck or car ...
 My husband purchased the ScanGauge II for himself for Christmas . He has had fun with it and has actually improved his gas mileage . It 's very easy to move and install on my vehicle when we drive it instead of his . I think I want one too !
 I received it today and it fits the FasTrak fine , maybe a little more loose than I expected but fine . On the package , it says `` A perfect fit for your Colorado E470 , Northwest Parkway , and California FasTrak electronic toll pass system '' . FasTrak and the east coast EZPass are not the same size and shape so if you have EZPass I would look for a holder designed to fit that toll tag . If you are having your signal blocked by this holder , you might be using it wrong . One side has no plastic , that is the side that goes towards the windshield . The other side is half covered by plastic , that 's the side that faces inside the car .
 I have one of these for each of my easy pass transponders . I love the idea I can take it off the window if I am not going to use it for a while . I also like the idea I can move it from car to car . We are in the used car business and my husband takes different cars to where he is headed and can move his pass into any car he uses . I have ordered one for my brother . He liked the idea he only needed one pass and could move it from car to car with this . Great buy , quick service .
 recieved the front and rear seats in great condition better than i expected . i recieved the parts within one week from the time the order was placed . as a plus the leather on the seats were softer than oem from the dealer . i highly recomend this seller
 This transmission filter is `` OEM '' and is much better than the auto parts store 's `` equivalent . '' If you choose to go for an aftermarket transmission filter , avoid the `` pleated '' filters . You should install an efficient , long lasting small particle filter which should resemble a miniature toilet paper roll .
 I received the mats very fast which was good I had them before the holiday.Well worth the price I loved them an best of all my daughter loved them since I got them for her.Buy the mats if you like tweety good quality not cheap looking very nice you wo n't be sorry
 I would like the hold 15 pc tweety combo really i like it but just the set like `` tweety bird flame `` 15 Piece Auto Interior Gift Set - Tweety Bird Stars Attitude - A Set of 2 Seat Covers , 1 Rear Bench Cover , 1 Steering Wheel , A Set of 2 Seat Belt Pads , and A Set of 4 Plushhh Carpet Floor Mats
 These are nice.But when I took them out of the box , 2 of them looked dirty.I used simple green and they cleaned-up good.These look very cool in my yellow monte carlo -LRB- or I should say my wife 's car -RRB- .
 I received a &#34; travel angel &#34; as a gift a long time ago and still have it in my vehicle . I have loved it so much that I decided to get one for a new driver in my family and also got one for my mom . They loved them too ! They are special little gifts that mean a lot . This one has just enough detail , and clips on snug . It was actually a bit bigger than I excpected ... nice surprise . They shipped immediately , I got them in 2 days !
 Have purchased several -LRB- actually for the last 2 Christmas 's -RRB- to give to friends . All appreciate and liked them . Makes them think about slowing down and being safe . That makes me happy . : -RRB-
 This was a nice gift for the grown children for their cars . Inexpensive yet solid clips with a nice loving message .
 Great product and great price !!!! I purchased this item as a gift for a young man 's first car . The angel is a reminder when parents are not around for guidance .
 I gave this as a gift to someone who travels often and it is a beautiful little reminder of safety while driving .
 I bought my 1986 300 ZX in October 2011 , and discovered that despite great body and interior condition , it 's an old car . The air conditioning compressor froze , the seat belt receptor crumbled , and a couple of other things broke . The most annoying and uncomfortable failure was leaky T-tops . When it rains water drips on both seats , and down the inside of the windows . Our Infinity gets the garage , so a good car cover was the only solution . I read loads of reviews , and the Coverking Stormproof got consistently good reviews . It fits like a glove and it repels water ! I cover the Z every night , and when it does rain , the water runs right off . Since I 'm well into -LRB- past -RRB- middle age , I worried that a wet butt would give my coworkers the wrong idea . Well , as long as I cover the car , no more cold wet seats for me . My only complaint
 This is the BEST cinnamon air freshener on the market . Smells very good . Large container at a great price . I 'd recommend buying this .
 AMAZON advertises this as butyl - it is n't , nor does the package state that it is nor does the manufacturer 's web site -LRB- difficult to find -RRB- it 's regular putty tape . But , with that said , it does work very well , does what this kind of tape should
 this tape is a must have for RV remodels . I used this on everything . This roll has lasted me my entire remodel and I still have a foot let over .
 This stuff works great ! It is exactly as advertised . We have a Sunporch and the roof vents have been leaking for a couple of years . I have tried several times to eliminate this to no avail.I removed them last week and placed this tape under them . We had a major storm yesterday and no water at all ! The test will really be over the winter and into next spring , after the freeze.I am confident it will hold up but , if not I will update this reveiw . I would definitely recommend this product .
 the mirror fit just like the original . no additional hardware needed and no adjustments necessary . i would recommend these to anyone with a vanagon .
 It definitely keeps the car cooler . The fit you get will depend on the windshield -LRB- size angle -RRB- and the space near the front pillars to tuck in . Mine sags in the middle , but it still does the job . I need to go outside the car to roll the sunshade up . . its huge . + All the sunshades I bought were exact fits for the cars.I bought three Sunshades
 My ` check fuel cap ' light and subsequently my ` check engine ' light was coming on even when the old cap was on , so I bought this OEM replacement . It 's a literal exact replacement of the old one , and my issue went away.Judging from the other review , you should probably verify through means other than Amazon to make sure this model will fit your vehicle .
 Fits my 2002 Ford ranger . No problems whatsoever . Simple installation . Works properly . I would suggest looking up part numbers and check with your Ford dealer before buying the part . I bought a motorcraft fuel pump $ 100 cheaper on amazon rather than at the dealer . SAME EXACT part at a much cheaper price . Go to your local dealer , get the part # , go home and look it up and find a deal !
 Bought this for my Dad 's Mercury Sable after reading an engine code light referring back to the gas cap . It took just a few minutes to replace , perfect fit and the engine light has not returned .
 The fuel cap fits but not a tightly as I expected . Hopefully it will work ok and result in silencing my check engine light !
 I ordered this gas cap after my original broke and would n't fit back on the filler tube . This is a genuine motorcraft replacement and fits perfectly on my Crown Vic . If it lasts half as long as the original -LRB- 130,000 miles -RRB- I 'll be pleased .
 I used this to make a tail pipe for a V8 transplant into my 1998 Cherokee . It worked out really nice and is much better than the stock pipe in a few ways . First , the bends are mandrel bends with no kinks . That makes for much better flow . Second , it is 2.5 '' of course and the only pre-bent tail pipes for my Jeep were 2.25 . Third , I was able to route it much nicer than even the factory bent pipe . One last thing is that is was cheaper than having one bent at the local muffler shop . Also , doing it myself I was able to make it fit exactly how I wanted it to fit.If your looking to make your own tail pipes these are just what you need.B
 This pipe worked great on my 95 f150 . I mounted it behind a flowmaster muffler . It 's not an exact fit . If you have the know-how and the correct tools for cutting/fitting exhaust pipe , this is a good choice .
 I like the K&N air intake it helps to gain more gas millage and eay to installed but the only bad thing is sometime it got really loud that I need turned my music up to cover it .
 I just install my new K&N Intake Kit and its really great ! The sound is fantastic and not to loud !!! The engine look 's very nice , 100 % Recomended and easy to install .
 This was an easy , straight forward installation on my 2001 Ford Explorer Sport Trac . Looks good , sounds good , and I picked up 1-2 MPG . Amazon had the best price I could find anywhere on the web .
 This product was simple to install . It gave my explorer more hp and has increased gas mileage 2-3 miles per gallon . It 's K&N what do you expect , nothing less then a great product .
 I ordered an HP-2 riveter , and while it was in transit , I also ordered this adapter . Once I received the riveter , I did not see how this adapter would work . Sure enough , once I got them both , there was no way this adapter would fit an HP-2 riveter . I telephoned Marson and verified that the adapter was for a Big Daddy riveter -LRB- as it clearly states on the package -RRB- , and NOT for an HP-2 riveter.What is odd is that there are other sites that also sell this adapter and advertise that it is for an HP-2 riveter . Apparently they just copy the descriptions from other sites and do n't know that it does not work for an HP-2 riveter.I gave it 5 stars because it does appear to be very well-made and sturdy so I 'm sure if you have the right riveter it will do exactly as it 's supposed to . It 's just not compatible with an HP-2 riveter.PricePros sent me a shipping label in order for me to return the item and promptly refunded the entire purchase price to my credit card .
 Decided on Grote brand as they are popular on big rigs . Needed them for a trailer and wanted something ` armored ' for a couple unnamed people that use the trailer to play bumper cars it seems.Pieces were high quality , but I had hoped for something made in North America . No luck . Made in Taiwan . Nice pieces , as I said ... just disappointed that even though Grote brags about being a NA company ... they still import from Asia . Oh well , half of America is made in Asia these days ... I was just happy that it was n't made in China . Unfortunately the other parts I bought from Grote were Chinese .
 Hi ; This is my 2nd set of these bulbs . The first lasted OVER 3 1/2 years , of always being on when the car was driven . They have some of the whitest light for night time driving and are perfect for my vision . Highly Recommend . I am waiting on my H4 and H1 bulbs to come in , also from the Streetglow Line . Have used both before , and swear by them . Thanks !
 I am interested but in size mediumThis morning canceled an order because it was blue , white and medium I love , you may have it ??
 This pump went in my 1994 , 4.3 S10 Blazer . I replaced the old pump as a preemptive strike to avoid a failure on the road . Pulling the tank is pretty simple as long as the tank is empty or almost empty . Delphi is a OEM manufactuer for GM and while there were less expensive pumps available , it was n't worth it me to scrimp on this purchase . Pump fit like it should but you do need to buy the strainer for the Delphi pump and the OEM Delco strainer will not fit right on the Dephi pump . Price was less than half of what local parts stores wanted for the identical part .
 This was exactly what we needed and expected . It 's a universal so small modifications were necessary but we expected that . Shipped quickly and arrived in good shape .
 This is a nice kit . There is plenty of extra pipe - way more than you 'll need to clear the rear end in most anything . The joints are nice slip-fits so you have room to play if you accidentally cut an inch more than intended or something , and the lap joints are easier to weld up , IMHO . The bends are nice , and it 's all generally the quality level you 'd expect from Flowmaster . The pieces all have slightly different angles , so its easy to figure out where they go . You get muffler to rearend , over rear end , straighten back out , and about 45 degree out the side pieces . If you want to go straight out the back , you just cut the angle off of the 45 piece , or add your own straight pipe -LRB- depending on how far you need to go -RRB- . Most vehicles - trucks included - will reach past the bumper with the pipe included in the kit and a reasonable length stainless tip . You 'll probably have enough extra pipe left over from cutting the other pieces that you can piece together enough pipe to reach the back either way.Do expect the box to be beat up when you get it , but even UPS would have to work hard to damage exhaust pipes ... : -RRB- I 'd definitely use this kit again on another truck -LRB- it was installed on an '85 Chevy long bed -RRB- .
 I hacked this up to do a 3 '' `` cat forward '' for my turbo volvo . It 's cheap , has a couple different kinds of bends and welded nicely . The slip fits are also a plus .
 The lights came in the original packing . Replaced old set of halagon bulbs with these , and have been impressed with the color temp and lumen increase . Made a big difference in night time driving .
 I bought these bulbs for my '97 Silverado . They are great and they are super bright . Ive had them in my truck for over a year now with no problems . Just make sure your wiring harness can handle heat from the bulbs . If you have a car or truck that did not come factory with xenon/halogen bulbs you will want to buy the Street Glow H9006HS wiring harness . If you go with the H9005XS bulbs you will want to get the Street Glow H9005/10HS wiring harness . Hope this helps you .
 Does the job with no issues , fits PERFECT , stays up without any issues or even use of the visors . Is slightly bigger than old shade when rolled up and stored in back seat . Has nice Velcro strip to secure tightly . Used it in Vegas with a 108 + degree temps , noticed a big difference when getting back into the car . Bought 2 for both cars , shipper her on Amazon by $ 5 bucks -LRB- no tax -RRB- then buying from manufactures website . Do n't know why I waited so long to purchase them .
 Seems to be of good quality with a fair price and a perfect fit to my car . Item as expected . Poor packaging and labeling .
 Everything came on time , would buy from this person again.I had no trouble getting it on my 1961 Dodge Panel Wagon.Thanks guys
 Well it arrived fast in the mail . Its an awesome sticker . Problem is I tend to tape these bumper stickers inside my cars back window and its got a black background and even though the lettering is nice and bright it does n't show up thru the dark tinted glass on my Rubicon so not sure what i 'll do with it !
 I gave this a 5 because they seemed very strong and the price was great.I would recommend this to anyone that needs replacement bearings .
 The first set that came was damaged but amazon really helped me out and sent the new set 1st day air ! I 've had them installed now for a couple of months and no problems . I put them on my daily driver and these things are impressive . I drive over 120mph at least twice a week through not so good roads and these neons do n't even have a scratch !
 Easy to install and adds nice cosmetic touch . No noticable engine sound increase for my Liberty , but can hear the air getting sucked in . It smoothed out the idle , lowered the idle by 200rpm -LRB- yes , I had a clean standard filter beforehand -RRB- , and made an acceleration difference that can be felt . Well worth the purchase .
 Tengo una cherokee liberty 2005 y este intake es perfecto para ella , mejor la toma de aire y te olvidas por un buen tiempo del cambio del filtro , lo combine con un escape borla y un jet chip performance y es increible la diferencia en fuerza ... lo recomiendo
 Overall a good gasket at a great price . If I were to do the job over again I would more than likely skip the new gasket , clean up the old one and run a bead of RTV High temp over it .
 perferct fit . no problems with install and sealing to vehicle . will remember if needed to reorder other parts from here
 I bought this light , with no expectation.The light work very well the clamp is well made , I love it.This is a very good product .
 Great item . This is the third set I have purchased for personel use . The kit is easy to install with detailed instuctions and pictures . With the use of an electric drill a screwdriver and some tape insallation can be accomplished in about an hour .
 Manufacturer 's recommended kit for maintenance does the job ! Bonus was that the price was better and no S&H charges .
 good stuff , I have shaird this with some neighbors , they too love it , , need soom more if you have any samples ? Earl Blanks 918 Montlake Rd , Soddy , TN 37379
 I followed the instructions and it did what it was supposed to do . It cleaned the Airaid Air filter . I have enough left from the kit to do it again at least once maybe twice .
 This replacement longest lasting air filter adds some response better breating plus is direct replacement for OME air filter . You can use it in the city , but in off road you better go with some more power in the filtrating department
 This filter was a little hard to install -- I gave up and watched a master mechanic have a hard time getting the thing into my 98 Outback Wagon . I have noticed a nice 5 % bump in mileage . This product requires maintenance instead of replacement , so buy the K&N filter care kit .
 I recently bought a new K&N air filter for my new -LRB- used -RRB- car . Come to find out , my car already had one when I bought it ; however , I still switched it out -LRB- although they are reusable -RRB- . I feel like my car performs well and I love that I 'll never have to buy another air filter for it . Good bang for your buck .
 Obviously I did n't come to the conclusion indicated in the title just weeks after buying this filter . I 've used K&N filters for a long time . I 've studied the technology they use and potential problems -LRB- e.g. , does oil from the filter damage or degrade the MAF sensor -RRB- and as an engineer I 'm very happy with their technology which is highly detailed on their web site . The best thing about this purchase was the price . It was 1/3 less than I could find in any other local or mail order or web store .
 Put this on my wife 's Subaru Legacy wagon , because she complained of poor pick-up . Not a whole lot more power , but a noticable difference . I have had K&N on all my vehichles for the last 10 years .
 Put it into a 2001 LL-Bean edition Subaru outback . . Added some much needed juice . It also saved me some serious money on gas . I 'd say almost 15 % because my old filter sucked .
 Ca n't notice a real difference on performance as i changed it with other mods , but i 've had K&N products in the past and they are great if you take care of them . The fittng was perfect for my 2003 Subaru Forester -LRB- 2.0 XT South American Version -RRB- .
 Replaceable air filters are a great idea to help reduce landfill use and reduce car maintenance costs . The increased air flow and the added efficiency of your automobile 's engine is also a plus . The increase may be slight but every little bit helps . The item arrived promptly and with clear instructions for both of my vehicles ! It 's just an air filter so they were n't really required but the fact that somebody makes sure you have what you need is impressive to me . In this modern day service often seems overlooked but not here ! Just remember to get the K&N filter cleaning kit and clean the filter every 5000 miles and you should be all set .
 The best filter on the market in my opinion , and at this price I couldnt pass it up . Not a blem , or second , first rate product and would buy from this seller again .
 I popped it right in and there was actual noticeable change of sound during when I startup the car and when I am pushing past 5,000 rpm . Great product and it was delivered quickly !
 K&N filters are fine products ; however , the compatibility information is incorrect . I ordered this for my 2003 Subaru Baja based on the fit finder provide but this is the wrong size . K&N 's website lists the 33-2154 as the correct filter for the Baja . I will be returning this one and requesting the correct part .
 This is a standard drop in OEM replacement filter . I have used some of these on my cars , and have always had nothing but positive things to say about K&N filters . I even bought their cone filters to replace my Cold Air Intake filters with theirs . If you want a little more out of your car and do n't mind spending a little money , you will not regret making this purchase .
 Easy to install , I noted a marked increase in engine performance and better gas milage . A ca n't miss product .
 Does everything it is supposed to do . The converter box is a bit on the big side , but it 's great to have the extra power on long flights . Warning
 I bought this because I fly once a year to India . and the 14 hour direct flight is BRUTAL - but no more . I used it to keep my laptop charged throughout the flight and watches movies , played games etc. kept myself busy . Works great in the car as well . Great product by APC . The car adapter piece is a cool blue light glow to it . so you know that its operational .
 I too found this unit to be somewhat large . In fact , I laughed when I opened up the box after it arrived , because it weighed about half as much as my small laptop , and was almost as big . However , it did what it was supposed to do - gave me power in the plane across the ocean . I give it less than five stars for two reasons
 I bought this unit because I was going to be stuck on a plane for 8 hours and I needed an air adapter . Since this also came with the inverter I thought it was a good deal.I contacted APC to find out if I could take just the air adapter with me , since my DVD player already had a DC plug . They were not able to tell me if it would work.In the end it was all useless because the airplane had DC sockets under the seats.So i took away a star for the bulkiness and the lack of knowledge of the manufacturer
 Though there are other filters out there that fit the early Willys CJ oil canister , I 've discovered the canister was built around a either a C-3 or C-4 Fram filter . The others , mostly paper exteriors , are actually `` suitable substitutes . '' The Fram C-3 and C-4 filters are durable , tough , do the job , and fit perfectly . The original seems to be the best here .
 Well-packaged , installation went well . My son put it on his truck in less than an hour , maybe less than 30 minutes . This grille feels solid and looks great .
 It is a well made item . Although I am not sure it really provides any performance gains . I am mostly looking forward to not having to spend money on the factory filters .
 This bulb -LRB- purple -RRB- emits a much whiter light than the other xenon bulb -LRB- blue -RRB- . Only problem is that these burn out more often , I 've gone thru two pairs in one year . I 'm sticking with the 45/65W because I do n't want to burn up my wires .
 Well made and does a good job of holding my spare tire to my boat trailer . Highly recommend over other similiar products .
 Fit my 97 Subaru Legacy perfectly . Replaced my old lower radiator hose with this one . seems to be of good quality and I think Gates has a lifetime warranty .
 this is a great and easy upgrade to the stock air filter and a great price on a K & N product
 The hose was a great fit . Out of the box it looked short but once I went to install it it was just right for my 1987 ae86 sr5
 No body does it better . Makes me feel sad for the rest . Baby your the best air flow , added H.P. and performance for the money period .
 Took about 2 minutes to install . I definitely noticed an increase in horsepower . I recommend this to everyone looking . K&N makes a great product
 I love it . It was easy to install and the mpg has been awesome . Great price and great results . The easy choice !
 another quality product from k & N. i replaced the original filter and this made a nice difference . always recommend this product for every vehicle .
 Your initial cost for the K&N Filter will be more than the stock filter but it does not take long to recoup your cost and actually start saving money by not replacing the stock filter as needed . It is very easy to remove , clean and condition as needed . As far as performance I have not paid much attention to that aspect as the two reasons stated above are enough to sell me . If it improves performance , efficiency and longevity then that 's a bonus .
 Fitted straight in , packed well , great price , K&N makes quality products as you would expect , no issues recommending this item .
 The butt dyno ca n't tell a difference and my mpg is unaffected . But it 's a high quality re usable filter that will save $ $ over time . VTX 1800C equipped with stock pipes , stock EFI fuel management .
 I bought this for my 2011 BMW G650GS and have no complaints . The installation was smooth and everything fit as it should . Do n't forget to install the foam restrictor if you 're not going to get a custom tune ! It 's nice that this was thought of and included .
 This product really allows my suzuki gsxr to breathe better - Its a great item and i will be sure to recommend you to other bike riding friends of mine .
 Perfect filters for my rejetted carbs and my stock pipes that i have removed the baffles on . The engine runs so good now .
 Fitment is perfect on my 2011 -LRB- gen 2 -RRB- . . I know the power-gain is probably not significant enough for me to notice but it seems a little faster coupled with a slip-on . . Overall very satisfied with this air filter .
 I 've been a Yamaha guy all my life , until 2005 when I needed a commuter for living and working in Seattle , where the ferry is $ 30 roundtrip for a car , ut only $ 8 for a motorcycle . My '00 SV650 is my first Suzuki ... and I love it.It was a used buy from an engineer who wanted a track queen to trailer , ride hard , then put away until the next . It came with the K&N ; gauze filter above , so its entire life with me has been without the expensive and non-cleanable/non-reusable stock cloth air filter.Another one of our group of friends has the same year , same-spec SV , but in slightly different tune . He however chose to stick with the stock filter , modified.In the time we 've both owned our SVs , I 've just cleaned and re-oiled the filter . He 's gone through umpteen stock filters , and has to mod them everytime perfectly like the last one , which is a pain as the original SV650 has a clearance issue with the underside of the tank , and the opening to the filter , which is the opening to the airbox . The only thing about owning a K&N ; , is careful adherence to cleaning and oiling procedure -- it 's really , really easy to under/overoil . But once you learn how , it 's a snap -- just takes about an hour to allow for proper drying and oiling.I 've solved that last bit about the time lag prepping the filter ... by buying two . That way one is always clean and ready to drop in , while you can take your time and do right to the other filter . Expensive ? Perhaps ... but they always act the same , always give me the same mpg , same performance . Ca n't say the same about my friend and his adventures in Dremelling ABS plastic ... not to mention he 's spent a lot more than even the cost of two K&N s ; in five years of riding . ; -RRB- Pros
 Like I said , once it 's installed , the bike seems to love the enhanced air flow.The problem is with the fit of the metal plate over the top of the filter . Installing it into the KLR took several attempts to get right . The metal plate does n't fit naturally over the top of the filter when you screw the butter fly bolt . It wants to set in a tilted fashion - crooked . I finally realized I have to do a tricky maneuver to get the plate on with both hands evenly -LRB- one with fingers pressing toward 's the back , and the other with fingers pressing on the front side -RRB- , and then with quite a bit of force , keep it pressed on the filter while I attempt to screw the butter fly bolt on.It just seems that the plate should be a few millimeters larger so it naturally slips into place while screwing the bolt in.I 'm sure I 'll get better at it , but well designed parts should just work and not require horsing around with different techniques to get such a simple part into place properly .
 what can i say ? the product already sells itself ! if you dont have one you need to get one for all vehicles ! great air flow improved response and a quality product to protect your investment !!!
 This K&N ; air filter is a good value , and fits the 1st generation Suzuki SV650 -LRB- '99 - ' 02 -RRB- . I 'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because it does not come pre-oiled , so you 'll have to buy a separate bottle of oil -LRB- I recommend the K&N ; 99-5050 Filter Care Service Kit - Squeeze , available on Amazon -RRB- . Otherwise a good fit and does the job . Recommended .
 Dropped this in my motorcycle , and it runs great . I have a fuel injected bike with aftermarket exhaust and no Fuel Management system -LRB- Power Commander , or Juice Box -RRB- and the power band is smooth and responsive .
 Fits better than OEM , functional and best of all , it 's reuseable . Overall , I 'm very pleased with my purchase through Amazon , always like the free shipping deals .
 I recently purchased this air filter for my 2002 Shadow ACE 750 and instantly noticed a difference . The bike responds a lot faster and the increased air flow alows the bike to feel less `` forced '' . I install K&N products in all my vehicles . There is a notable difference without having to remove stock air box .
 K & N Max air flow . Put one of these on my wife 's Suzuki and had to plug one of the vents . Engine ran too lean . So much less constriction than a regular filter . Put one on my Honda VXT and the bike has a little more pep .
 Excellent quality merchandise in perfect shape.Packaging was perfect for the items.Excellent delivery time.Exactly the part I order and wanted at the nice price I would pay.Would order again .
 it really made a difference in power and no more backfiring , works great last a life time with proper maintenance
 i first tried to save a few dollars buying a competitors air filter ; not a good idea ! fitment was a problem ; so i had to return the product and wait of course a couple weeks for co -LSB- bike bandit -RSB- to receive the filter/log it in/inspect it/and then send my purchase back to credit card / -LSB- 2 -RSB- weeks ! i purchased a k & n filter from AMAZON ; received it , installed it be-fore -LSB- bike bandit ever acknowledged receiving the other one ! SO ; BUY A NAME BRAND PRODUCT -LSB- QUALITY !!!!! -RSB- from someone who ships their product immediately ! MY MISTAKE SHOULD BE YOUR BLESSING !
 I bought this for my 1996 Kawasaki Ninja ZX600R 1 year ago had no problem installing item and most of all I did not have to re-jet the carbs . Look out and hold on !!!! That is how much of a difference this filter makes !!!!!
 Excellent product for your bike . It makes such a difference in the breathing of the bike , the minute I started it up I could hear and feel the difference . No longer sluggish when we give it gas at a low RPM . Excellent price too !
 Arrived in perfect condition , you can definitely feel the difference from the OEM filter . 1000 % recommended .
 K&N is the best , I use them in all my toys . Economical over the long haul , maximum protection from dirt , especially here in Arizona where its always dusty and dry . Got ta have an air filter so might as well get the best ...
 I use K&N air filters on all my vehicles , to include my FJR1300 . All have offered better performance than the stock filters . I must say that they MUST be maintained properly to get optimal performance , and not damage intake components . Most folks over oil these filters or do not clean them properly . If the manufacture 's instructions are followed , you 'll get great performance and long-life with these filters .
 More Power , Better sound and washable . A little bit expensive but all good things are this way
 Filter was made very good ... i felt the difference in my quad right away ... easy cleaning ... and it seemed to let the quad breath alot better .
 I have K&N filters on many of my vehicles and as always it 's a perfect fit and breathes better than anything else .
 Time to replace the air filter for my cycle so I decided to try online instead of dealer and picked this high performance air filter . Shipment was very fast . Very easy to install . I would recommend this product and this Seller .
 The K&N Replacement Filter for the Road Star is a medium difficulty shade tree mechanic task . I call it medium only because the Road Star 's filter box is not the easiest to remove and most people will need a long-nose plier to get the breather hose off the back of the filter box . The K&N filter has well over twice the `` breathable '' surface area of the stock Yamaha filter and the oiled fabric of the K&N flows a lot more air per square inch than the stock paper filter . The difference is immediately noticeable at idle - the bike no longer feels like it 's gasping for breath as it idles . The difference is even more noticeable when riding - the bike pulls harder and smoother from idle all the way through the power band , accelerates more crisply , and does n't surge like the stock filter did . For riders who keep the stock exhaust or go with a moderately higher flow after-market system , the K&N Replacement Filter offers all the air flow needed . I 've used K&N for years and will always replace the stock air filter with a K&N when one is available .
 Works great on my 2007 Honda Sabre ; I did a holesaw mod upto the cat on my stock pipes ; dropped this in & WOW ! RUMBLE & POWER . May need to adjust fuel mixture now or rejet .
 Got exactly what I asked for , in new , off the shelf condition in a reasonable amount of time . I would definately reccomend this vendor .
 it 's for my 2000 ZX7R - came in within 3 days after i ordered , free shipping . item fits perfect in the air box housing . i did notice the difference on response and sound . mileage improvement , if there are any , is not on the list of reasons why i bought this . let 's put it this way , i drive/commute approx 54 miles -LRB- 1 way -RRB- with a lifted 88 suburban before i got the bike , i was happy i got this crotch rocket . engine vibration seems to be less , slight difference but enough for me to notice . i would recommend this product , better yet , K&N ; products to all riders and divers out there.safe riding ladies and gents - GO ARMY !!
 fast delivery - works well - i am very happy with the product - would reccomend for atvs - preforms much better than stock
 The fit was perfect . Instalation was easy with the included parts . As far as prefomance it seems to have lmproved the performanceof the motorcycle .
 I recieved my k & n filter in a short amount of time . The filter has giving my bike better gas milage and more power . Very pleased !
 K&N is the only way to go . Wash it after every couple of rides . It will last a super long time and keep your bike running like a champ .
 K&N ; makes a better air filter than anything the factory will include on their bikes.It 's part of the upgrades I did to my stock Vstar 650 . Also use a quality synthetic oil , iridium plugs and Lucas top lube in the gas .
 I noticed no real horsepower gain , however I have no dynometer to prove otherwise . This filter fits in the stock location of my '95 Magna with no problems and is a good stock replacement.As a sidenote , I ca n't believe Honda designed this filter . It would be cheaper to simply have a removable element , instead of having to buy this custom shaped plastic piece . I miss the good old days when the filter was under the seat and took 5 minutes to change .
 This is my first experience with a K&N air filter ; I installed it in my 2001 model BMW F650GS motorcycle . I noticed an immediate gain in horsepower - the acceleration is significantly better than before . I have n't had a chance to find out fuel mileage gains , but that 's coming next . So far I 'll say this was money well spent .
 I like the product , but looking at how long it takes to ship it out is just way too long . I paid 10 dollars more for one just to get it in a week . Great if you 're not in any hurry for it .
 In the words of Dr. Frankenstein , `` it 's alive '' !!!! I feel as if my bike just literally came alive . It 's a 2011 Hayabusa with 638 miles . It was rediculous before but felt slightly held back like it was n't breathing correctly and had a slight backfire . After exchanging the air filter , adding Castrol Power 4 RS racing 10w40 full synthetic and a K&N ; oil filter , the bike came alive . It 's fine now ! I can feel it in the trottle.Shipping was really fast !!
 K&N has always been very reliable for me , I use them in all my toys . Economical over the long haul , maximum protection from dirt , especially here in Arizona where its always dusty and dry . Got ta have an air filter so might as well get the best ...
 This replacement air filter is a less expensive alternative to the factory filters but it does not easily fit ; it can be made to fit but does take some doing .
 this filters are very good you can see , fill the performance change instantlymy bike performs better and sounds betterall i can say is it is a good inbestment
 I have used k & n filters for many years now and the quality and ease of installation has n't let me down yet . The installation took about 30 mins and it fit perfectly . I would recommend this filter for anyone who wants a quality filter that will last for the life of their motorcycle . Just do n't forget to clean the filter periodically with k & n filter cleaner and oil .
 It 's the last Air Filter you will have to buy for your Motorcycle . Easy instructions for install and maintenance.After install I can feel an increase in power and I can see greater MPG .
 K&N has one of the best products available . There is no surprises with this filter either . It fits , it works better & it will not need replacing . I have K&N air filters in all my vehicles ; and my garage and my driveway are full . OK , so I am tag renewel poor , but I wo n't have to buy paper air filters . If you keep your wheels for decades and travel miles into the 100K 's like I do , it is worth it ; if not only for the enhanced performance .
 I get the k & n filter on amazon for a gsxr 1000 and the bike just sounds great with it and the best thing this filter is for life !
 No problems installing on a late model -LRB- 95 -RRB- Suzuki GS 500 I bought . You need to remove the gas tank and hold it to the side , it 's good to have 2 people for this job . It took me a little time aligning / putting tank back on but not to bad , it 's best if you do n't have a lot of gas in the tank . You can do this job yourself fairly easily/quickly without much experience , there is a video on Y.T , a guy doing this GS 500 air filter job solo.Runs / starts much better , the existing air filter needed to be replaced , so I paid a few bucks more and got a K&N. ; Actually , this filter at the time was around $ 25 less on this site then the local M.C. store . This is the 3rd K&N ; product I 've used , my car has a K&N ; FIPK cold air intake . I 've never had any issues with their filters/intakes .
 I do n't usually write reviews , but this one is deserving.The stock filter has foam around the periphery to seal it . The K&N ; filter uses a rubber wedge / protrusion , and fit very tight in the slot . Definitely use the supplied lube to install it . Seals really well.Also noticed the engine vibrations decreased slightly with my 2010 . Vibs from the handlebars when cruising in 6th gear at 60 MPH dropped . Now I do n't feel that level of vibration unless I drop to 4th gear at that speed . Sweet ! Also , the sale price was only $ 11 more than a replacement stock filter , and this one is a lifetime filter!Shipping was super fast too . I ordered it on a Friday with the 5 to 8 day free shipping option , and received it on Monday -LRB- 3 days later -RRB- . Very happy with this purchase . Even posted about it on two major forums , and dozens of members bought them -LRB- Hey , maybe I get a commission here :-RRB- -RRB- .
 I always purchase K&N air filters for every vehicle I own , I did n't know that Amazon had the best price for them . I will definitely be using Amazon to purchase all my K&N stuff in the future .
 When buying K&N ; filters , you can not go wrong . Add the excellent Amazon 's prices , fast delivery and you get an unbeatable deal.Very happy with the purchase .
 I went wit a K & N because of their ridiculous million mile gaurantee . I live in the desert so air filters get real dirty , real fast and I figure the $ 77.00 price was less than what I would be spending on lower quality air filters . I did extensive web searching , for a lower price , could not find it cheaper anywhere , $ 107.00 was about the average everywhere else .
 I put this little magic air filter in my Vulcan 800 Classic and I was stupified . I used to shift into second at 20-25 , now its 35 . This mystical device gave it a very noticeable acceleration boost and even made my pipes louder , ca n't wait to see a mpg gain . Are these made by elves ?
 Looked all over and finially found this filter here . Lowest price anywhere . Not exactly like the original filter , but it fit fine . Have n't noticed any different in mileage yet , but only put on about about 200 miles . Like the idea , never have to buy another motorcycle filter for my bike , ever . Recieved it very fast from Amazon Thanks , Jim
 Makes more sense to have a reusable filter for my 2003 VFR800a , considering it is only about $ 10 more than the Honda replacement filter , which is oiled paper . Good investment . Bike is pretty new to me , so not sure if performance has increased , only had one take of gas used on stock filter . But it is going to save money by not ever having to buy another air filter for this bike .
 cant wait to see what difference it makes . I have had k & n in many applications before , nothing like it around , only down falll on this piticular one is u have to drill a hole in the rubber in it . I put it on my 2002 cbr 954rr .
 You hear a lot of &#34; opinions &#34; about how much better OEM filters are than K&N. ; It 's not true . I 've have and will continue to use K&N ; for both my bike and my car.K & N ; opens the bike up , offers better compression , the bike runs cleaner and cooler as well as being completely re-usable . The filter is better built than OEM and does n't break down and get sucked into the heads.It 's just a great product and the Amazon price ca n't be beat .
 K&N Filters are the cream of the crop . I usually wait until the stock air filter has to be replaced then replace it with these high quality air filters . The bike actually runs a bit better with this less restrictive air filter .
 I purchased this as an upgrade to the stock air filter large displacement motorcycle -LRB- 113c . i. -RRB- . It is a noticeable upgrade compared to the original air filter .
 I bought this as a USED product but when opening it up realized it was actual new , just the box had been opened . Wow , talk about getting a high quality product that will save money in the long run !
 Picked this up for my 2012 Busa . Great fit , simple change out , K&N quality . Around town theres not much difference felt , but once you hit the open road and un-wind the bike , you can totally feel the difference ... great product
 I have wanted on of these since i bought my bike and thanks to Amazon I got one at a great price . My Katana loves this new filter . Thanks amazon for saving me money
 It did n't exactly fit my 2007 Yamaha V-Max , but it is still doing its job . K&N has always been a quality product .
 I found that the size of the holes that go through the attaching points should have been a little larger as it was very tight when you were trying to put the filter in place , it had to be forced on .
 My old bike had a similar filter in it , i purchased a K&N filter cleaner kit , cleaned the filter and my bike started to act really funky . After $ 250 at the mechanic , a new R/R , carb . clean , and almost total bike breakdown . I ordered this filter , popped it in and the bike ran like a charm . The order only took a few days to arrive and packaging was unopened .
 I really like washable / re-usable filters on all my vehicles and power-sports equipment . They just make good sense , last forever , and cleaning is far more efficient than a paper filter.The local Honda dealer wanted as much for their paper filter as this K&N ; costs , which made the switch to a permanent filter a no-brainer ! Buy a new filter every 12K miles , or simply wash and re-charge this one every 50K ! The filter was an exact fit , and even came with K&N ; stickers to mount on the outside of the filter housing , as well as a WARNING sticker to alert dealers/maintenance personnel that they are NOT to remove / change / exchange this filter , EVER.After installing this filter , I noticed smoother acceleration , and more power as I reached speed . I took a 400 mile trip on my Sabre this past weekend , and reaped the benefit of gaining 2-3mpg as well ! You ca n't go wrong with installing one of these on ANY vehicle !
 Love my new filter it is an exact fit and has improved my fuel mileage a great deal . It was easy to install , was shipped quckly
 I purchased this filter right after purchasing my used bike . It replaced what looked like the original air filter from 4 years ago . I did not notice any huge improvements in my power and really was n't looking for any . I just appreciate that the filters are able to be cleaned which definitely saves money in the long run . I was at first disappointed because I thought the air filter did n't fit , I was trying to install it at night . The next morning when I decided to give it another try I realized they ship with longer screws to compensate for the increased width of the gasket . This is the second k & n I have put on my vehicles and as long as they are affordable will be the only air filters I install on my own vehicles or recommend to friends and family .
 I already had heard that K&N made great products . But I never bought any of them till I foundmine at a very resonable price on Amazon , much cheaper than the auto parts stores and I checked them ALL . I dropped it into my Yamaha R6 and all I can say is that I have a brand new bike . Much faster off the line as well as top end power and going thru less gas while at it too . If you can find one that will fit your ride find it here add to cart then check out period . Easy install came with instructions and some K&N stickers to throw on my bike as well . Thanks Amazon for a great buy .
 installation onto the motorcycle was very easy . purchased this product because of the K&N name and I am not disappointed . this product does add a little bit more HP .
 The filter was exactly as identifed when ordered . It was shipped promptly and packaged well enough to protect it during shipment .
 Overall construction of this air filter is very good , better then the OEM filter , and the fit was perfect . Honda recommends changing the stock filter every 12,000 miles , a 4 hour job to change the filter on a Goldwing . K&N recommends cleaning their filter every 50,000 miles , I do n't think I 'm ready to go 50,000 miles but I 'm comfortable with 25,000 .
 Product was shipped promptly and accurately , came exactly as ordered.Price was 2/3 of what it would have cost here in Canada at my local Honda dealer.I have not put it on my bike yet but am confident from previous experience with K&N ; that it will work well and pay for itself over the life of my bike .
 works great , easy to install , fit perfectly in air box . to install on none touring model with mock tank you open door to gas cap.remove all screws and 2 on front of tank . be careful , tank is 2 seperate parts . lift up instrument panel.slide tank apart a little , remove screw , lift out filter , put in new , put in screw , slide tank parts back in place , insert instrument panel , run screws back in . It is a good idea to have someone help you by holding the instrument panel up out of the way due to wires attached and so you dont scratch the tank . Also , when removing screws , look out for washers , so when you lift instrument panel , you dont lose them or drop them in the gas filler tube , because gas cap must be removed .
 Works great , perfect replacement fit for Yamaha 1100 custom . Have not noticed any power inprovement . Just nice to have a good one that will last forever .
 If this air filter was used it was not for very long . It was in its orignal box and plastic bag it also had a k & n sticker . I am very happy with my purchase I paid 40 $ for a 68 $ filter . And shipping was fast .
 its a different shape than the stock filter for my 82 ' xv750 but the holes line up fine and it fits well in my airbox , i definitely notice the increased performance from better airflow , and its reusable
 The price for this filter -LRB- $ 31.00 -RRB- was less than the OEM paper filter you have to replace every 6000 to 7000 miles . And the beauty of K & N filters is when dirty you just wash it with K & N cleaner & water & just let air dry , then reoil with K & N filter spray oil . Also the filter will probably out live your bike .
 I bought this for my Suzuki Boulevard C50 because I wanted a washable filter that lasted a long time . I heard people talking about how a K&N filter gave them extra power . I did n't really believe all that , but after I installed this filter on my bike , there was a small yet noticeable increase in power . I am happy ! Extra performance on a washable filter that will last me for the life of the bike .
 I have always been a fan of K&N products . In this case it was a matter of getting a good deal , this vedor was very fast and had a great price !
 Fit perfect , did not have to modify the airbox or anything . Came ready to use right out of the box . It IS a K&N brand filter exactly as advertised .
 K&N has long been a favorite of mine , when it came time to change the air filter on my motorcycle , the choice was simple . The product took about 2 minutes to install and while I ca n't substantiate the HP or fuel mileage increase , I can tell you the acceleration right off the bottom is noticeable immediately . If you switch your filter , this `` lifetime '' replacement is a `` must have '' !
 Fitment is good , would be excellent if it had a tab for the stock clip to hold it in place . I bent the tab to help hold it while putting the cover on.Have used K&N ; filters in all my bikes they work well and are easy to clean and oil .
 This is a wonderful find My motorcycle takes this particular filter -LRB- without mods -RRB- which no paper filter can compare thank you Amazon for carrying this filter .
 The air fliter on my husbands bike was so bad -LRB- he just bought it used but previous ower have n't changed it since brought new -RRB- that he had to get new replacement . he looked everywhere but all were so high that we just could n't afford it ... that was till we found one on Amazon . I strongly recommend this product for the price and quality .
 Great replacement air filter from K&N that is reusable so it is a `` Green '' product that gives your engine more air flow for increased power .
 The car runs better and there are less of times where I have to replace my air filter . I like the way the air flows easier so there are less jumping for air when you give the car the gas pedal ...
 Installed about 100 miles ago . The previous filter was installed by the previous owner . There are about 20k miles on the bike and even if the previous filter was installed when new , it was filthy ! I like the air flow on this one and there seems to be a slight increase in torque as the engine is breathing better . I will see how the filter stands up to a cleaning in about 2k miles when the next oil change is due .
 I took a chance on buying one of the `` used '' products that was listed for $ 16.39 . In the back of my head I was hoping that it was just an opened box item that they could n't sell as new and I was right ! The box was kind of beat and opened and had a UPS sticker on it , but inside was a brand new/sealed K&N ; filter . I ordered this filter and the K&N ; cleaner kit for another $ 10 + to get the free shipping and like ordering from Amazon Fulfillment , anything over $ 25 gets free shipping . I live about 150 miles from the closest fulfillment center so shipping varies from next day to 3 days . I got this in 2 days . So far I 've had nothing but excellent luck when buying `` Used - Like New '' from Amazon . They 've either been `` new '' or I could n't tell if it 's been used and I 'm perfectly fine with this.This K&N ; filter fits nicely in the stock C50T airbox . At first it seem like it was too larger as the chrome cover did n't quite fit back on once the filter was in place ; However , I decided to try and put the screws back in the tighten down the cover and everything snapped into place . Perfect fit .
 Very happy w/the product and the shipping service . This filter sells for more at most other sights . Would reccommend this to people I know .
 Replaced the stock air filter on my Suzuki GS500 with this . Very easy swap in about 15 minutes . Great price for a high performance filter .
 Had a K&N Air Filter on my 2004 Honda 599 -LRB- Hornet -RRB- , and liked both the slight performance increase , and the sound the intake makes now . Well , after getting my 2006 VFR800 VTEC , I figured it could n't hurt . It did not ! It seems the bike runs a little smoother , and sound and performance are much better , especially after the second set of valves kick in at about 6400 RPM . And as said by `` Brock '' , it does make more sense to not have to buy a new filter every time , plus I actually got it for less money than what Honda was charging for the OE filter .
 I do n't have much experience riding my Suzuki Savage with the stock air filter , and the one it had when I got the bike was in really bad shape . I at least know that this one is a huge improvement .
 2010 Honda Goldwing very good price for a performance filter that can be washed and reused . Plus I believe that K&N filters flow more air .
 Fit just right and got better gas mileage . Easy to in stall and maintain . Now if I could find a cheeper exhust system .
 K&N filters are rated # 1 for a reason . My mechanic recommends and uses them in his own vehicles . Will find filters that fit my truck .
 Better Airflow and nice intake sound make this a definite add to my Concours . I will add a fuel controller and new exhaust and it will increase power and MPG ...
 I have K&N filters installed on all my vehicles . The increased horse power may not be noticeble in some cases , but at least you can save a few bucks on replacing the paper filters every once in a while .
 Bike runs normal before was too rich , even the choke works wheer before the chock would kill the bikei have better millage as well
 product fit and performed as expected and price was also good.I replaced the oem filter with this one and rejetted carbuerator which was neccessary . bike has more power in high gear .
 Excellent filter . The installation instructions could have been a little clearer . Would definitely recommend for anyone looking to replace their original filter .
 Purchased for my Yamaha Stratoliner , and it is a perfect replacement at a great price . I would recommend this to anyone that needs same item .
 This review is not so much about the product but about Amazon . I was amazed to find the motorcycle parts I needed through Amazon . It has truly become my one stop shopping place online . The price was the best I could find and the delivery was as they stated . The product is something I was already familiar with and the quality is excellent . I truly do not have to shop around just enter it in the search no matter how obscure the product you are looking for .
 This filter fit my stock air box fine . I do not know about any real horsepower gains . It will be interesting to dyno the bike to see if it made any measurable improvement .
 I replaced my old stock air Fiters in my 2004 Suzuki Marauder VZ800 to Increased the horsepower & performance . I felt the a major in incress Increase in power
 What can i say , you ca n't go wrong with K&N ... fits great and works great . Cheaper than always buying paper filters
 On a recent dualsport ride on my BMW R11550GS , I filled my airbox with dirty water during a water crossing . The snorkle shot enough water at the paper airfilter to push it out of the way and allow the airbox to fill with dirty water . I drained the airbox a few miles later , but obviously the wimpy OEM paper filter needed to go . The K&N is much more robust than the OEM filter and made of material that should resist water much better than paper . Time to go back to the dirt for more creek crossings !
 Recently purchased a 2007 Yamaha FZ6 with 10K on it . Previous owner used it as a commuter , as am I. Regular maintenance schedule said to replace the air filter so I looked and found the K&N on Amazon for less than the OEM filter . Drops in easily and improved performance and throttle response is definitely noticeable . Would absolutely recommend this item . Ride On !
 K&N products have been for me really great to have on your bikes . I ordered this K&N for my boulevard . Instantly increased my horsepower . Still waiting to see how much more my fuel mileage is . Got instant response of my motor . I love the fact all I have to do is clean my filter and it 's good to go . This is not a filter you throw away . Totally servicable and washable . Took only 5 minutes to put on my bike if that .
 The K&N Filter works great on my 04 Yamaha Warrior 350 , I can feel the difference on the power band
 What should have been 30 min in and out to pop this filter in was turned into several hours chasing tools , measuring , and trimming it to fit . After fitting it , the product is just what you 'd expect from K&N. ; But , out of the box this filter is 1/16 '' too wide and 3/16 '' too long . The filter is like a top hat . In the image you are looking at the what I 'll call the top with the K&N ; logo . The bottom edge/brim is a flange that sits on a narrow lip of the airbox . Out of the box , the flange of the K&N ; will not seat properly and seal on the lip of the airbox.Taking the stock filter and placing it flange to flange with the K&N ; and aligning one of the long ends yields the measurements above . I took a razor blade and scored a guide line to follow for material removal.The flange material is a durable plastic about 1/8th inch thick . I chose not to try cutting it . A buddy had a deburring bit for a drill . The bit is conic , about 2 '' long , and the rasp is not particularly aggressive probably designed for hardened steel . -LRB- I need to find one of these for myself -RRB- Note
 Product was well packaged and all parts needed for install . The only thing is they packaged the wrong instructions for installation . K&N has a great website that allows the buyer to download the instructions . They thought of everything for you to install , such as longer screws , hose etc. . Fit perfect .
 What I like about this filter besides the added performance is the fact that it is reusable . That means you never have to buy another filter again . It is also covered by K&N ; 1 million mile warranty . I would suggest going on K&N ; website and filling out the warranty form -LRB- left side on their site close to the bottom click on warranty then scroll down to the bottom and click on the form link -RRB- just in-case you might want to be covered by the warranty . They suggest cleaning the filter every 50k miles that also depends on your driving conditions . I useK & N ; 99-5050 Filter Care Service Kit - Squeezeto clean my filter .
 I ordered the K&N PL-1003 Air Filter for my 2012 Polaris Sportsman 500 H.O. Shipping was quick , and packaging was adequate . I hate paper filters and have been trusting K&N for years . This product will not disappoint . I am very pleased with this product .
 Love the K&N air filters . ca n't beat them for the price a lifetime filter.I have them in all my vehicles .
 All right , Adjust well on the bike , however I think the original has a best presentation and even better fit , I should clarify that there is nothing wrong with this device and it is too early to assess its performance , is currently installed and working well in general I have no complaints .
 This is a first step toward stage 1 along with a slipon pipe . Consider going to the barons or patrick racing air intake mods for the Strat/RL/Warrior .
 The product description was accurate . Everything I hoped it would be . Install was easy and it fit like a glove . I can definitely feel a increase in performance . There 's no going wrong with this air filter .
 My motorcycle is a California Highway Police Interceptor -LRB- 2003 Honda ST1100P3 -RRB- . It has a high performance engine and an assortment of beefed-up components for Police Service . This air cleaner is a custom engineered replacement for the factory part . It delivers a high volume of filtered air to the fast revving engine . On top of that you can clean and service the filter ; it so you only need to buy it once . The supplier I located using Amazon provided the best price by a large margin and excellent shipping .
 The stock filter on my Kawasaki is a lifetime filter , but at 16 or 17 years old the plastic frame cracked . This filter was not much more than buying a regular aftermarket filter with shipping and has an easier cleaning process . Well maybe the cleaning process is not easier , but the K&N ; process is well defined with the cleaning fluid and refreshing oil . A cleaning kit adds to the cost , but then it can be used on any K&N ; filter.A plus with Amazon , shipping is fast , while I 've had to wait over a week for parts from an online motorcycle parts retailer .
 Got my filter really quickly . Does not come with the oil that you need to put on the filter , and i didnt see that on the listing . Fortunately , my dad had some extra in his garage . Fit perfectly on my bike , took only 5 minutes to replace the old one and now my bike is running great and able to breath . Filter is much better than the OEM filter that the bike came with .
 I have an '08 Polaris Sportsman 800 , which by itself is not a slow machine . Once I added this filter as a replacement for the original , however , it was a whole different ballgame . I immediately notice the boost to acceleration and pickup from the motor , and as someone who rides mostly off-road in the desert I 'm sure I 'm adding longevity to the bike as well . Simple install ; fits directly in place of the stock filter . A very inexpensive way to grab a few more horses .
 K&N filter are the great and worth every cent and Amazon had the best price . I pick up 2 more miles per gallon after I installed it and I opened up the air box a little also .
 K&N filter are without a doubt the finest filters for the money . Super easy to install and this filter has both increased my gas milage on my bike but most importantly it increased my horsepower . I did n't know that my bike was so responsive until l installed this filter . Worth the money !!!!!
 Great system , I have K&N in all of my vehicles but it is a pain to install on the klr 650 . it 's difficult to get the screw to line up in the little space that you have but still delivers the quality that i expected . better throttle response and a slight power increase .
 we ordered this abut a week ago arrived precisely when they said it would but not without its issues we did have some problems with shipping but with working with amazon it was quickly resolvedBut onto the good part after receiving the filters of course my husband wanted to put them on immediately in taking the bike apart you have to know what you are doing its a little hard to get to the filters a little work is involved but anything worth doing is worth doing right once the filtrers were in -LRB- by the way the instructions are very easy to see and read pictures are great -RRB- the bike instantly ran better the performance was signifacant i really love this product would recommend to anyone
 I 've used K&N filters in all my vehicles for years , and when my 2005 Yamaha FZ6 needed a new filter , I did n't hesitate . Install is easy , although it can get a bit messy with the oil spray and having to get in under the gas tank . As usual , performance is improved a bit thru better air flow vs the stock filter , and the sound is great -- a nice &#34; whoooooosh &#34; when I twist the throttle . I highly recommend K&N air and oil filters to everyone .
 It took a minute to swap out this air filter on my 2006 Suzuki 700Kingquad . I noticed an immediate difference ... The idle was improved , the accelaration was improved , and no hiccups like I was experiencing with the stock paper filters . So far , so good . K&N products are well worth the money .
 exactly what i asked for , good timing also , had absolutely no problems at all , will deal again when looking for more stuff
 Absolutely perfect experiance . Great quality product that is well packaged and has all required directions in package . Love it love it !
 I bought this K&N air filter for my 2007 KLX 250s Dual Sport . It was a little tricky getting it to fit because the outer cap bottoms out on the inside of the air-box . Also had to file down the threads on the wing-nut bolt just a little bit so the filter would seat good . Once I got it in there , I could immediately tell a difference in the increase of power . I would definitely recommend this product for the 2007 Kawasaki KLX 250s .
 Not much issues were felt without tuning but definitely can feel the bike breathing more . Maybe tuning is next to fully maximize this mod but for something I 'll never have to replace and just clean , its great .
 Not too noticeable on a street bike , but now I have more air and clean air going in . Move tank for install .
 I 'm really happy with this purchase first because here in Brazil special parts are really difficult to find at the local retailers and the K&N ; air filter was rated way more expensive to be bought by the internet at Brazilian sites!I 'm completely satisfied with the agility and the care by the Amazon.com . Thanks to you the part arrived fast and unviolated . It feels good buying from Amazon !
 Noticed the performance difference . Floppy rubber replaces rigid plastic oem filter and seals air box . A must have for performance .
 Since replacing the factory air filers on the 2005 Yamaha Midnight Warrior 1700 with these , I have noticed a marked improvement in throttle response and fuel economy . No regrets .
 Definitely noticed an increase in power ... great product and I would definitely recommend to Honda riders ... shadow sabre . Get the recharge kit !
 Love my new K&N filter ! Very simple to install noticible performance increase . Very fast shipment . Satisfied with this product and service all around . Thanks !
 ive gotten one for my car and i didnt feel the difference.i put this one in my 2008 sportsman 500 HO and it digs off the line noticeably faster.i got it so i dont have to buy a new filter every so often , now i have the one and only one ill ever need for the lifetime of the bike and you should too
 Expensive ! That 's what a lot of people say about K&N ; filters . However , they are typically less than the cost of two OEM filters , which are not reusable . So in the long run , you can -LRB- and do -RRB- save money . However , this particular filter -LRB- BM-1205 -RRB- is no longer used in current vehicle production , so I was able to get it less than half of what it normally costs.Also , K&N ; gets a lot of criticism for `` letting in dirt '' and for `` messing up MAF 's '' . If you use it and reoil it right , it performs just as well as an OEM filter . Its when you over oil it that you start messing up MAF 's and when you do n't do any maintenance on it is when it starts letting dirt through . I 've used them in many of my vehicles over the years and have never had a problem . MY UOA 's -LRB- used oil analysis -RRB- have come out clean over the years I 've used this with minimal silicon being reported -LRB- silicon = dirt -RRB- . Also , even though many report having an increase in power/torque/MPG 's , I have not . So do n't expect to , either . But you will save some money in the long run if you intend to keep your vehicle and you service this filter as recommended .
 This filter is a direct replacement for an '05 BMW K1200R air filter , part number 13717372602 . If you check on the parts match it will tell you that it will not fit . This is not the case . Go to the K&N filter cross reference site and you will find that it does indeed fit . And by the way , there is some power gain with this filter and you will be able to hear your intake , provided you have stock exhaust . This filter will not `` seal off '' if you ride in the rain , which I do frequently . Happy riding .
 I recently replaced my stock air filter out of my gsxr-750 and this air filter DEFINITELY is worth the money . It is reuseable and washable which is the best part . I recommend buying a cleaner for it if you are going to indeed clean it .
 Better gas mileage on my kaw nomad bike now and it also runs better , good product will order again.very well made product
 I 've used the K&N ; products in my vehicles for years and decided on using it in the motorcycle as a replacement to the stock Yamaha air filter . Being in Southern California , it seemed to get dirty pretty quickly and it just makes sense to replace it with a cleanable filter like I use in my truck.The fitment is perfect and required just a few minutes to install . A great product that I would definitely recommend .
 This is a fine filter , probably one of the best . Naturally it fits , that 's how it was manufactured . I do have a little problem with oiling the thing though . It is hard to not put too much oil on the filter when cleaning and using the `` oil-in-the-bottle . '' It takes forever to drip out to the point that you can install it and then not suck oil into your engine . I am going to get the spray-on cleaner kit and hope that works better next cleaning . It 's a little pricy but hey , it is more than likely the last air filter you will ever need to purchase .
 This is a great deal on a well known air filter . Anyone who is a gear head knows who K&N is . Ca n't beat the price either . To get a superior air filter that will help your bike breath better for only $ 15 more than a stock OEM filter is a no brainer . Came fast and fit perfectly . My only complaint is that no where on the box does it say its already oiled and ready to go . Had to find that out on the internet . Otherwise I had no regrets .
 I installed this on a 2005 Vulcan 800 . It fit perfectly and it immediately made a difference in the bikes performance . Not anything huge but the engine ran smoother and I had fewer of those cold hiccups first thing in the morning that this bike has always had . My gas mileage increased slightly too . No carb re-jetting required . I kept everything else stock .
 after reading about k & n i bought one . I really did n't expect anything really but i did need an airfilter anyhow . WOW , something simple like that has made a difference in power and sound . Dont get me wrong , , , it 's not crazy different but it did shock me a little . i am sold on this type of high performance airfilter and would buy again .
 I only use K&N filters for all of my vehicles . The air filters do add power and increase gas mileage . They also save money over time because they never need to be changed .
 I noticed that after I changed my filter , my bike seemed to be breathing better and really accerates to the redline quicker . K&N is one of the best and this is cheaper than at my local bike shop , I use them in all my machines now . It is Economical when you buy two or more over the long haul , good protection from dirtst and du , especially where I live where its always dusty and dry . Got ta have an air filter so might as well get the best ...
 Ordered this as a gift for a buddy of mine . Only thing that sucked was shipping took longer than the `` one day shipping '' special that was offered . Overall product was great ! Had bought it for a 03 ' Honda Shadow ACE 750 and immediatly felt a difference .
 PROS : This is my third K&N ; Air Filter . I bought this one for my 83 VF1100C Magna . I also have one on my 96 VF750CD Magna . If you buy one of these and have carbs rather than FI you will more than likely need to re-jet since this allows a lot more air through than a stock air cleaner . Most Every thing that K & N makes is top notch.CONS : The only disapointment on this was it was not pre-oiled like all the other K&N ; Filters I have bought . You need to spend the time & ? mess ? to oil this prior to installation & use .
 Came in quickly and can tell a difference from the paper stock air filter . Just make sure you read the instructions when putting it on your bike .
 Good fit , really did not notice any increase of power . The filter on a conours 14 '08 is on the left side . Remove left plastic and electronic relay bracket , lift rubber flap on frame just below the fuel tank and there it is . good luck !
 I replace my old air filter with this new KN&N filter and the bike can breath a lot better . The bike responds is a lot quicker and it does n't hesitate to accelerated
 Got the oil filter and air filter to my door cheaper than just buying the air filter anywhere in Canada . Retailers here often charge two or three times as much for the same part . I did have to cut about 3/8 '' off the little tab for a perfect fit on the KLR650 2011 . But that is normal for these things .
 Throttle response fantastic major improvement over stock I have k & n ; air filters on everything withK & n ; you ca n't go wrong I recommend this product a + +
 I bought this for my 05 R6 basically hoping to pickup some performance over the washable OEM in the 05 . The best thing about this filter is the fact that it replaces the crappy OEM O-rings and the plastic separator in the air box . The fit is tight , simple , and secure which is important on any Ram Air system . Basically this system seals much better than the OEM so the risks of loosing some air force is reduced . The bike seems like it has more torque , but that is n't dyno proven my me . All in all I debated whether to buy this , and I 'm glad I did .
 was on time package good it was as discribed in add it was beautiful i was very pleased with is product
 Great price and excellent shipping ... arrived on time and very happy with the fit/install on my son 's Polaris 300 . It was easy enough that he helped out . Good times
 This k & n filter fit my klr 650 like a charm also made my exhaust sound deeper and a lil more hp would recommend it easy install less than 5 min !
 This is a direct fit for my 92 k1500 . I fit in the factory housing with no modification at all , and the price is great !
 Great product , included all rings and had easy installation . Saved half of what I would have paid on shelf at local auto parts stores
 Honestly , I have n't installed this pump yet and I do n't even need it . However , as an auto mechanic I know I will in time . It was a fantastic price for a quality pump . I did n't want to be in a bind and have to spend three times as much for a lesser quality pump . I also think that under our current regime it is wise to stockpile emergency supplies and common repair parts will be emergency supplies .
 too bad i bought them before going to germany for 3 yrs . . which they are illegal to have ; / maybe next time ill do a little more research
 Super strong paint stripper ! Just be careful what you use it on ! It also works extremely well at getting graffiti off brick or concrete .
 I purchassed this item for my 1999 toyoto camry , it fitted perfectly but the wiring did not match . i called them and they told me to check if my vin number started with a `` j '' because if not then my car would be American built . sure enough my vin number did not start with a `` j '' .
 Excentent replacement mirror for my 2000 Toyota . After receiving it from Amazon , took over to a boby repair shop to have it color matched -LRB- painted -RRB- to my cars ' finish . After painting was through , replaced the damage mirror , with the newly rapainted version . Can not tell it was a replacement mirror . Very pleased with the whole transaction .
 These fit my van pretty well . They are attractive and make the car look a lot newer . You can vacuum them pretty easily for spills . I 've had a little trouble keeping one of the arm covers on but other than that they are great .
 I ca n't express how good these plugs are . They are made by a reputable brand , NGK.I purchased Autolite Iridium plugs and they caused misfirings and were bent withing 300 miles . I did n't finish 1 tank of gas yet either.For my 1998 Honda Civic EX MT , I thought I was doing a good thing by replacing the wires and plugs with Boche premium spark plug wires and autolite iridium plugs , but all I got was misfiring , bent plugs , and Almost catastrophic engine failure . The wires did n't seat properly by design flaw and popped out of the valve cover at 70mph . I was honestly scared my car was going to blow up -LRB- no joke -RRB- . NGK-R plugs are the best for a reason . Do n't mess with iridium and their lofty claims . They caused me a heck of time with car problems and 15 % mpg loss in 300 miles . Do n't take the risk and F-up your car .
 I bought six of these to tune up my sisters car . The coil was bad which fixed the problem but the plugs probably helped the milage .
 I have an 2000 Honda Civic LX , and I change my sparks every 30,000 miles as suggested by the manual . My car has approximately 120,000 miles , and I get an average of 36 miles -LRB- with 65-70 miles per hour -RRB- per gallon in highways . After changing the spark , the car gets 38 miles for a while , so I am happy with it.I did not buy a more expensive NGK -LRB- like iridium sparks -RRB- because I have to change them regularly . All used NGK spark look OK when I pulled them out after 30 K , so I think these are good products .
 I had a set of IK16 Denso plugs in my d16 for 15k and they were worn out , supposedly good to 30k ... I went back to the OEM plugs that came with the car from the factory -LRB- these ones -RRB- and they came gaped properly and work well , seems to run better than it did with the IK16 's
 Perfect fit and factory recommended for my vehicle.I did n't need iridiums since I didnt upgrade most of my electronic and engine parts.Will buy again after 30k miles .
 You can use an NGK Iridium plug or you can use these NGK copper plugs . I 'd stick with what the car came with , so I went with these NGK copper plugs . They do n't run as hot , so if you have a car designed for copper plugs , just do n't use platinum , mmkay ????? The NGK copper plugs work great in my 99 Subaru Impreza and my 2002 Honda Accord . Last time I put iridium NGK 's in the Accord . They 're only half-worn-out so I saved them to use later , since I had already bought these copper ones for the tune-up . Both worked fine .
 Has everything you need . Perfect manual right here . Helped me learn my bike inside and out so I highly recommend this product .
 Gauge is very nice , would have liked the installation sheet to have been for the A200E160N gauge only and not grouped with other gauge configurations . But it works great .
 This U bolt lock works great and fits my 5 &#34; deep beam on the trailer fine . I set a 15 &#34; rim over it and set my pad lock .
 Quick and easy to install . Color match and fit both perfect . I would definitely recommend these to anyone in hot sunny climates that can crack your dash .
 It fit my dad totoya pick-up 1996 and we have take about 30 min to change and but this one
 Installation was as expected . I just Googled it for instructions . The mirror fits , the connector fits , and it works . It is black , so it does n't match the other mirror , but who compares mirrors ?
 I bought this for my 1999 camry . The passenger side mirror broke and this product fit perfectly . This is high gloss black for US made cars . I am ver happy with the quality and it works well .
 Well worth the money for this new after-market part , which is a fraction of what the dealer wanted for a new part . The base of the mirror did n't fit exactly against the car body , it whistled when the wind got into it when I drove above 30 miles per hour . But it was close enough that I was able to use some U-channel car-door trim around the edge of it to fill the gap and stop the whistle .
 The part was delivered to me within 3 days . This mirror , which was exactly like the described specifications , was in perfect condition , and even had written directions on installation . Overall , I am very satisfied with this company .
 Product was excellent bolt in , connect up unit . Of course it needs to be painted , unless you have a black car , it is black plastic on the outside .
 This Mirror fit my mother 's Camry fantastically , and works just as advertised . My only gripe is with Toyota , my mom 's is one of the models where I had to partially remove the inside door panel to attach the electrical connection . Otherwise it would have been about a 10 minute installation.Once again , great product !
 MIRROR WAS BRAND NEW AND SHIPPING WAS LIGHTNING FAST !!! THANK YOU , I LOOK FORWARD TO DOING BUSINESS WITH YOU AGAIN . A + + + +
 I have a '99 Toyota Camry , and finding parts for it is easy , but you generally have to sacrifice some quality due to the age of the car . This arrived very quickly and in wonderful condition , and fits my car perfectly . I 'm about to go buy the other side mirror because I want them to match . : -RRB-
 When I checked with my mechanic shop to replace the part , he told me it would cost me around $ 125 for the product and fixing . I ordered online and $ 25 and could fix myself , I had to cut the wires -LRB- the plug and socket was not a match to my 1998 Toyota Camry -RRB- to connect to my car and it operates great .
 The mirror arrived promptly as was a perfect fit -LRB- other than color , the installation was very easy . Only took about 15 minutes to replace .
 This mirror arrived in a VERY timely fashion and was exactly as described ! It was well packaged , in perfect condition and I am very pleased ! NOW to have it painted to match my car !
 not badmostly fit my 99 toyota camry . worth the price I paid . It take to a bodyshop . they will easily charge you more than $ 50 .
 Once placed in , the top part of the mirror frame had a gap . The gap was may be quarter of an inch from the door . I just filled it up with some `` weather stripping foam tape '' that I had bought from Menards just so that water does n't go inside the frame . Had a guy paint it for $ 25 , I got lucky , and screwed it on myself.Pros : The wiring works . I had to cut off the clip from the wires and twist and tape them together to make the connection , because I had taken out the older mirror rather forcefully and ripped out the clip somehow . I could use solding iron to attach the cables of the car to the clip of the mirror , but I did n't bother . Just tested it by holding the mirror on the passenger side and having my 4 yr old son press the button on the driver 's side to test the power of the mirror . Finally , I can check the passenger side mirror for cars !!! Cons : Does n't fit accurately on the 2000 Toyota Camry . It 'll still screw in and be safe and sturdy though . But still 4 stars because of the irregular fit . I would still recommend this product .
 This item was an exact match and installed easy.The only thing was that I wished I had more choiceswhen it came to colors.I really liked the fast devlivery and that I was able to track my order.I liked the transaction so much that I ordered an other one a week later .
 Was able to replace the window -LRB- I think I meant mirror here back when I first reviewed this -RRB- I knocked off when went out of the garage . Still moves when use the remote button inside the car . Took me a while , had to use some real small wrenches and take the door panel off . Fortunately some guy on internet told how to do some of the things I 'd never figure out otherwise . I ca n't remember what they were , though , as I have short term memory loss , being as I 'm 57 , now and could n't remember much when I was younger either .
 The mirror itself is a well made , quality product . The image you get from the mirror once properly installed is excellent . I had a problem with the wire connector not plugging in , even though it looked similar to the old mirror I was replacing . I had to replace the connector on this mirror with that of the old mirror which was n't difficult , but might be an issue if you did n't have your old mirror . Also the fit of the mirror on the car is n't as good as the original mirror , but its not too bad . There were some gaps I filled with silicone sealant . All and all a good product
 The product took about 5 days to get from California to Ohio but the mirrors looked good , fit right and work just fine .
 Works great no issues . Shipped fast undamaged . What else is there to say about it . Would recommend it to my friends .
 I purchased it for my spiderman noir costume . works great on a sunny day for basketball also . only bad thing is it tends to fog .
 Been over a year now and this item is still giving me great service at night . Still has the same 55w bulbs in it . When or if they ever blow I am putting in 130w . it will work fine cause the relay can take up to a 150w bulb .
 Used these on my '79 F-150 ; half the price the local 4x4 shop was charging . For genuine parts from a good brand you ca n't beat it - they might not be the absolute strongest bearings for serious off-roading , but for a fraction of the price they will work fine for 99 % of us .
 This Moog steering center link tie rod end is no different than the other Moog parts that I ordered and installed . Moog is a superiour product that can be relied upon to fit correctly and provide years of service . Moog parts are the only parts that I trust to replace OE suspension parts on any vehicles I work on .
 These K&N ; filters do add performance ... but they also require re-jetting of the carbs . Directions for installation are skimpy as the part number was meant for multile bikes . I installed it on a 2003 suzuki bandit 1200S . When warm the bike did not want to run over 3000 . The bike previously setup for high altitude , couldt use all the extra air.Overall a good product , just you got to know what you 're getting yourself into before buying.W
 The lights are nice . missing adhesive tape but other than that very nice . The install isnt hard but make sure you have some electrical background
 They were delivered in timely matter , and are of great quality . It took me and my son about 30 mins to put them on , easy easy .
 I tried several local auto parts dealers before ordering this blower motor through Amazon . This blower is factory balanced and operates much quieter than the other after-market brands that I tried . I also got a great price from Amazon that was more the 50 % off other parts dealers . I also had a rare version of this blower that Amazon matched properly saving me time and money by ensuring I got the right part the first time . Most of the auto parts dealers did not .
 This is my wife 's first MC jacket and she loves it . Very versatile with two separately removable linings for use in most any temperature . Highly visible in white with reflective accents and looks sharp too . Sizing was just what she expected from the product description .
 This Buick license plate is of good quality and looks nice at the car shows for display purposes .
 The idea is to use the two-sided tape to tape it into the empty mirror holder or on top of the existing cracked mirror . Pretty easy . It was good to get an exact fit because the mirror enclosure does n't have much space .
 Just what my bike needed and at a price I could not find in the stores . Worth every dime .
 ... I somehow ordered the wrong spark plugs . I got the same number from my old ones and somehow managed to order different ones . Yeah ... oh well , these are cheap , only out a few burritos.Product is great .
 I received exactly what I wanted in a timely manner at a good price.Thanks you , John
 Parts arrived very soon after order . They have not been installed yet , but appearance is excellent .
 This is a good plug . I got it to replace a cheaper plug on a small motorcycle and it fired right up and worked great .
 This plug worked fine but on the first use my son crashed his scooter and fractured his hip on the maiden voyage with it . He is selling the scooter . But , hey , the plug really worked great !
 I looked everywhere for these plugs . And they were so expensive . Finally found them here at a great price . Thanks .
 I use these type for an off-brand motorcycle , and I am glad that Amazon had them in stock . They are a great value for their price and again the availability will make me a repeat customer for the product . As for the performance , my bike runs fine , so I have no complaints .
 purchased these plugs for my 1995 R100 Mystik BMW motorcycle . I have never had a problem with them , work great and last for a long time . In fact the only reason I had to replace them was that somebody stood on my bike and broke one .
 Does everything a sparkplug should do for a good price . I used this in my 1999 Honda Fourtrax 300 4x4 . Shipped quickly .
 Fast shipping and fits my '79 XS1100 Special . Runs great now . Plug was gapped perfectly upon receipt , lucky or coincidence , I do n't know , but it was . Thanks again Amazon .
 Ordered this for my kids Hammerhead GTS 150 buggy with a GY6 150CC engine . The go cart dealers all wanted almost triple what I found these for here on Amazon . With my prime membership they shipped 2 day for free . These plugs install and work just like the original .
 I get a very nice spark with this plug on my 67 Mini Cooper . It keeps clean requiring little maintenance . I did need to gap it so make sure you have a gapping tool - they are very inexpensive.I 'm unsure why this is called a `` Pack of 1 '' , and so for the sake of clarity - you get a single plug with the order and not the box of 4 that you sometimes see in stores.Very satisifed with the purchase . Prime eligible makes this very affordable .
 I used this as a replacement spark plug for my 1977 Honda XL75 . It fit perfectly and the bike runs just fine .
 This spark plug is very good and order came ontime . Now a days generator is a must because weather is changing and power outrage is so often
 Using this on my 1973 Honda CB350 and it is working great . Great power and I have never had any problems with them .
 Bought this for a 1994 Club Car DS . Works great . Shipped quick as always . Tough item number to find out there .
 There 's no excuse not to use high quality parts when you can find them at great prices on Amazon.com . I tried using another manufacturer 's `` equivalent '' , but it just did n't deliver the spark that the original NGK plug did in my little ATV . The `` other '' plug was brand new . In fact I had ordered two and tried them both . Neither would fire the engine . When I plugged in the NGK , the engine fired up on the first kick . I 'm sold and think you will be too !
 Ngk makes great products and plugs . I have never had any problems . I will keep buying their products year after year .
 I purchased these for my Harbor Freight 950 watt generator , they were a two pack and the price was super , the shipper had them in the mail the day I ordered them . For this Thanks , now one is running the generator when I need it and I have a spare . Good stuff
 Bought these for a '82 Kawasaki KZ440 and they worked perfect . They were clean and were gapped correctly . The best part is that the terminal connectors can screw off -LRB- this was needed for my bike -RRB- . The B7ES plugs -LRB- different manufacturer -RRB- I purchased from Walmart do not screw off and I wasted my money on them . Glad I found these on Amazon & with free shipping it was practically a steal . Very happy .
 I 've got a 1/4 miler I 've built . A Built TH350 Transmission with a 3500 stall 10 '' converter.I wanted a good clean , crisp shift mechanism without breaking the bank . -LRB- not easy to do -RRB- This unit is working to a `` T '' . Not only do I not worry about shifting into Reverse ... but it incorporates the Neutral Safety switch into the unit too.The cable used to connect the shifter to the tranny is more than long enough and of great quality.I like it !
 I own and maintain three chain-driven motorcycles . Brakes and chains are the dirtiest , grimiest places on a motorcycle . By the time you 're done , your hands are covered in a thick , sticky black grease with brake dust from the wearing of the pads and grime picked up from the road.A little bit of Fast Orange takes care of the problem . It 's similar to Goop Hand Cleaner . I used to buy 5 oz . tubes of Goop Hand Cleaner at Dollar Tree for $ 1 , but Fast Orange is a better deal in bulk.Disclaimer
 If your trying to find a good smelling hand cleaner that works and doesnt cost a bunch of money , this is it.If you get your hands really greasy and grimey , just use a small brush and your hands will clean up in no time.If your hands are just alittle dirty from dirt or anything light , just use a small amount , rub around your hands and whipe off.The aloe , lanolin , and 2 other oils take care of your hands very well , summer or winter.Being a mechanic for over 24 years , i have tried lots of hand cleaners , most dry your hands out really bad after acouple uses or smell really bad , or both.Some hand cleaners barely work at all . I have had better luck washing my hands with Dawn and water then i have with some hand cleaners.Fast orange is one of these best i have ever tried.Another great thing about Fast Orange , it will take out most if not all oil or grease stains from your clothes . Just rub some on the spots befor you throw your clothes in the washer . If you combine alittle Fast Orange with some regular Dawn dish soap on stubborn stains , it will take the spot out almost every time . But use a decent laundry detergant too .
 Best hand cleaner I have ever used . I own a picture frame shop and use it to remove the nail hole filler from my hands multiple times each day .
 I think ist the best past for remove everything what is on your hands . Ill buy every time if will need this . I think dont have to rate this bcs every mechanic/plumber etc know what is this .
 Permatex Fast Orange is one of those products that I keep stocked in both my home and garage and use often . It is a natural fine pumice hand cleaner with citrus power that smells and cleans great when you need the strength to remove grease , grime , paint , adhesives and any kind of soils your working hands get into without giving you `` sandpaper hands '' . It actually conditions while it cleans with skin conditioners like aloe , lanolin , glycerin , and jojoba to prevent your hands from cracking and drying out . It is THE BEST hand cleaner for tough jobs.FYI - SUGGESTED APPLICATIONS
 I have little to say . It 's a great hand cleaner after working on the car or with whatever grimes up your hands , arms , anywhere on exposed skin.Has a nice mild grit to it - sort of like the `` man 's '' exfoliator : PI like it , it works ... not sure what else to say about it . Enjoy !
 You ca n't beat the soaps with pumice in them for getting your hands clean . This stuff was priced right and smells great . I will definitely order more when I run out .
 If you use oil paints this really does n't the clean-up trick , but make sure you buy the one with pumice .
 I was able to install the mirror in less than 10 minutes . The Mirror is two-sided and fits perfect . It came with strong two-sided tape which made it very easy to install .
 Shopped many places for this product , found best price here at Amazon . Product was of top quality and install took 15 minutes to install on my 2011 Heritage Classic . Fit was a 10 . Filter was a light pink color which indicates it is preoiled .
 I bought this filter to replace the Harley Davidson original air filter on my Ultra Classic . It was a great deal and I 'm very happy with it . No issues .
 I put a K&N ; on everything I drive . From the trucks to the V-rod and now the Fat Boy Lo ... I just use the K&N ; filters that fit the stock airbox on all my unit . This kit fit into the 2012 FLSTFB perfectly.Lifetime air cleaner for a great price . Fast shipping .
 This filter , like every item I 've ever purchased with the K&N ; logo on it , is top-drawer merchandise - well made & built to last . I believe the K&N ; Million Mile guarantee and feel that the only time it might be used would be due to user error.This model fits a select run of HD Twin Cam models WITH A STOCK FILTER ASSEMBLY . If you have a HD Screaming Eagle filter assembly or one from any number of aftermarket houses , DO NOT BUY THIS FILTER . K&N ; probably makes one for you - this just is n't it.With this filter , K&N ; promises a performance increase , but they decline to say how much . I ca n't really detect any on a fresh install , but if you 're the kind who lets your filter get pretty bad before you tend to it , you will notice that the K&N ; still flows a lot of air even when dirty . What this means is that when you clean/re-oil your filter , you wo n't notice a dramatic performance bump.Speaking of cleaning & re-oiling , know this IS NOT a disposable filter . You remove it , you clean it , you re-oil it & you reinstall it . You will get your hands dirty unless you wear neoprene gloves . I recommend adding a K&N ; 99-5000 Aerosol Recharger Filter Care Service Kit -LRB- available here @ Amazon for a screaming price -RRB- when you buy this filter . You will need both the cleaner & the oil - the aerosol oil is by far easier than the squeeze oil . Do n't cheap out by trying substitutes - you will make a mess & make more work for yourself . Just spend the extra & be prepared for whenever you need to clean your filter.On a side note , K&N ; also makes some performance air cleaner kits . These promise up to about 10HP increase -LRB- K&N ; claims , not mine -RRB- on a stock bike - your mileage may vary . For me , it depends on your bike & you , as these air cleaners are very different than most of the HD OEM units . If you like the OEM look , get a filter element . If you do n't care about losing the stock look , try something different.I love my K&N ; filters & run them on everything I own where there is an application for them . Needless to say , I buy BIG jugs of cleaner & oil .
 K & N filters are great products and this was a great price . This filter will pay for itself after only 3 services on my Harley .
 I have always felt good about using K & M products . They built a quality unit and it 's made in the USA !
 This is the fourth HD that I 've put K&N on . I will continue to use K&N filters on all my bikes and will recommend them to my friends .
 my bike sounds better and seems somewhat smoother . i 'D recommend it for anyone over the stock filter which costs about the same
 Fit parfaitement sur mon FLHRS 2007 donne un peux plus de pouvoir au moteur et donne une chance aux 50/50
 All of our vehicles get k-n-n filters when we get them ! We just ordered another for a new car we just purchased ! Would recommend this product also !
 Great Stock Harley filter replacement that wo n't need to be replaced for a great price and shipped to door in a week .
 These fit my van pretty well . They are attractive and make the car look a lot newer . You can vacuum them pretty easily for spills . I 've had a little trouble keeping one of the arm covers on but other than that they are great .
 We use this on every brake job we do at our shop . Always wash the rotor or drum with soap and water dry off and then we apply this product along with high quality brake pads or shoes and we have no noise complaints from our customers and we do probably 2-3 brake jobs a day .
 All was good for a reasonable price and quick shipping . We purchased this as a part for an engine job we were doing ... Thank you .
 I have replace my stock air filter with the K&N filter and notice a difference in my low end torque . It is improved and has made the car more responsive w / a nice deep growl to sooth the ears . Very pleased w / the upgrade to my Audi .
 This is a great replacement filter . Lasts the life of the car . It has demonstrated an increase in throttle response . Fuel mileage seems to be the same . You can hear the roar of the V8 a bit better . Highly recommended .
 I own a 02 Audi a4 3.0 , in the past i 've been getting horrible gas mileage -LRB- 15-17 city and 18-20 highway -RRB- . After reading all the negative reviews on audi forums about mass airflow sensors messing up because of too much oil which had problaby been people drying it wrong or dont know how to properly clean the filter , I 've decided to go for it . If you 've seen the oem air filter you can see how restrictive it looks , the bad thing is once the oem filter gets clogged up , theres barely air flow , as opposed to K&N which has more air flow but less filtering qualities -LRB- look at the size of it -RRB- , once the K&N gets clogged up theres still going to be air flow which is bad and good . So I swapped this miniscule air filter with the huge oem filter and immediately I felt a difference . After 2 days my gas mileage is now around 18-19 city and 21-23 highway -LRB- even with a lead foot -RRB- , throttle response is smoother and more sensitive , overall my car feels young . I dont know about the HP increase though .
 This filter is great . Provided extra HP and Torque . Cheaper than every other online merchant .
 The K&N filter was a perfect fit and comes pre-oiled . Next road trip should confirm initial 5 % mileage improvement observations .
 I installed this filter in my Audi S4 V8 with some difficulty due to very tight access . No problem at all with the product - I have used K&N in the past and have always been very satisfied with their performance .
 Great so far , not as noticable on a turbo car . I have had on other car that were not turbos with more noticable
 My A4 is running better now that it can breathe better , why do these not come stock or an oem part ?
 A tight but good fit into the stock airbox . K&N ; makes good filters and are even factory items on some motors -LRB- LS1 in our boat came from the factory with a K&N ;-RRB- . Nothing to do with this filter , but make sure to take a vacuum and suck out all of the debris in the filter housing and inlet tubes , as a lot can collect in them . Also , take come compressed air and blow out the `` snow screen '' on the filter tube you had to remove to get to the filter .
 This K&N ; air filter worked and fit perfectly on my Audi A4 2.0 T Quattro . The installation was a breeze , though honestly I could have done it myself , I sent it to be installed at a nearby workshop and get the air box cleaned - simply because I was rushing to get them done and go to work : -RRB- I do feel the car 's acceleration is smoother and I would always push it harder and faster especially on clear roads and on highways.In short , I 'm glad I bought it and I will get the K&N ; 's air filter cleaning kit to clean it when the time comes , which wo n't be that soon . In the long run , I can see I 'd save some cash from changing the air filter from scratch .
 Nice filter . Drops right in , notice a little performance boost . Definitely beats spending $ 25.00 a pop for traditional filter . I recommend this product .
 product is great , just tight fit to take a part and install , but just takes time . received the product timely and had no issues at all .
 Im 17 and I bought this filter to get that extra throttle response to give my 2002 Audi A4 . The installation was pretty simple and took no more than 25-30 min . I have always used KN filters for my ATVs and my parents vehicles as well . I really felt a difference when I stepped on the throttle . Do not hesitate to buy you will be satisfied . p.s. its not meant to give you a lot of power just that extra throttle response when you hit the gas .
 i have and use k & n filters in all my cars , for the past 20 years . no issues with any of them . they last a lifetime , if you take care of them , and gives you much more air intake , than a standard paper filter . if you do n't mind doing a bit of labor , wash and clean filter , then re-oil it , then this is the best air filter to get . highly recommend it and would n't go without it .
 I have used these types of filters in most of my cars . My old Mitsubishi Galant saw noticeable performance increase.On the Audi , not so much . But we 're talking about a 3.0 litre V6 engine vs a 4 cylinder engine.Great air filter !
 I got this for my 64 GMC pickupI have not installed it yet but it looks like the OEM part
 Perfect fit for the 2001 BMW X5 3.0 i -LRB- M54 -RRB- . Never need to replace filter again . Just inspect it/clean it -LRB- if needed , oil it -RRB- every couple thousand miles .
 Fits perfectly . its the engine filter not the general filter though . i wish that was clear when i purchase the product
 This product came as described and was a much better price than retail . I did not notice a performance improvement , but I needed a new filter in any case and this one works and fits well .
 great price/quality ... dont come with bolts ... . fyi good shipper easy transaction would reccomend . the product was as explained , but did not come with new bolts/hardware . just used old ones
 Replacement for previous saddelman covers that were wearing out after 8 years . 4 star instead of 5 because they are not a perfect fit , but they do fit well , are very durable , and protect your original seats . When I replaced the old covers , seats underneath are still like new .
 OKay I have a tube of threadlocker RED but it comes in a blue tube . -LRB- I also have some threadlocker Blue that is in a RED tube - but that 's another story -RRB- The RED is for stuff you do n't want to take off again . Once you put this red stuff on your bolts , often the bolt will break before this permatex stuff will let go . You need to heat the bolt to break the permatex.Great for things you do n't want the kids to take apart .
 Works just as advertised . I used this product to lock a nut to a bolt mounted into a block wall . After setting I tested it . Before I could get the `` lock '' to break , the bolt started turning inside the block wall . Works for me !
 This is the classic &#34; red loctite &#34; and works well . If only someone could tell me why they chose to put * red * loctite in a * blue * tube ...
 keep ur nuts an use this stuff ! used it for my motorized bike and nothings rattled off in 3 months of riding .
 If you need to put a super strong hold on a screw , bolt , or fastener or some type , then you 'll need red threadlocker.Buy with confidence .
 because of an ankle operation I have been on a knee scooter for 4 months . . the pieces kept coming off . . used this product and it has kept the scooter together
 A good practice if you do n't want nuts rattling loose . Good shelf life too IF you squeeze out all the air and firmly screw on the tube cap between uses .
 You should never be dry torquing your nuts and bolts . If you do n't use a thread locker you need to be using an oil or other material to ensure proper torque . This product just works and will ensure that you do n't lose your torque to vibration . All bolts have a proper torque so if your project does n't have a torque speck you need to use the web to look up your bolt size and bolt material/grade and use the standard torque for that bolt .
 Dash mat came out of the box and fit directly unto the dash of the car . Nice item and worth the money .
 A very snug fit , but a perfect fit nonetheless . By snug fit , I mean that the Audi Q7 design makes changing your filters a very involved process that can take a hour or more . Not the fault of the filter.I have been using K&N ; filters for years and have always been pleased with their performance . After having these filters in my Q7 for about a month , I have seen a slight increase in my gas mileage , and a big increase in the throttle response . The gas mileage improvement , at today 's gas prices , should cover the cost of the filters within a month or two . I will also be saving money by not having to purchase the expensive paper filters anymore which can cost as much as the K&N ; filter.The only downside is that paper filters do filter significantly better than the K&N ; , but at the expense of fuel and power . What side effects , if any , is a result of those micro particles getting into my engine -LRB- maybe shortens the life of the A/F sensors or other emission sensors -RRB- I have yet to experience first-hand . At least that I am aware of .
 This is the first thing I change any time I get a vehicle . Never have to buy another air filter , better fuel economy , and better power !
 I have used K&N filters on all my cars as far back as I can remember . Once again the fit and finish and quality were top shelf . I recommend K&N filters to all my friends and family .
 I definitely felt a difference with these air filters in throttle response time . As it is the Cayenne has a half second delay in the throttle and I 've noticed the acceleration to be slightly better . Also the engine sound has increased a little bit which is not a bad thing at all since I love hearing the growl from the 4.5 L V8 . Overall this K&N is an excellent product and I 'm happy with the purchase and the idea of never having to change another filter .
 I read reviews before buying this and they all stated how they noticed a difference in power and gas mileage . I definitely saw a difference in the power but no difference in the gas mileage .
 No issues . Installation was easy . Product arrived as described and early than expected . No complaints here . I have installed a K&N in my BMW a couple years ago and these things pay for themselves in the end since they have a lifetime warranty ... Good Buy .
 What more can I say ? These are the 2nd time K&N Air Filters I replaced on my Cayenne S 04 model . Did take me some time to remove the plastics coverings around the engine area , then un-tighten both air pipes and un-clip the air filter box , then install both new ones . Mileage from last replacement is only 30K about 3 years ago , but I do see some significantly trapped particles/dirt on one side of each old filter . Amazon has the best price on these K&N filters , shop no further , make sure you get two for Cayenne models . Makes my car happy . Kudos to amazon once again .
 I bought this air filter and oil filter for my 2006 Porsche Cayenne and could n't be happier . I noticed the difference right away ! I had the dealer install both when I got my oil changed so ca n't speak of installing myself but probably would n't be too difficult if you 're mechanically inclined at all . The quality is high , the warranty is unbeatable , and it does what it says . I 'm convinced and would n't buy anything else if given the choice . The price is hard to beat on Amazon as well .
 This is a great product at a great price and came out in great time . When ordering it even reminded me to order two because the car required it .
 I had to buy 2 of these since my car has 2 airboxes . Ive read that they increase the fuel economy on my Q7 so it was worth a shot . Cant beat that i will never need to go get another filter for the car.I have noticed improved acceleration . I have not driven enough to get the new MPG reading .
 This thing rocks and is 100x better then the factory bosh filter in the VW Touareg . Rember some cars need 2 of them check your car/truck/suv to see if you need more than one . BUY THIS NOW !!!
 The ride in my Dodge Ram 1500 Quad cab has changed from bumpy and all over the road to riding like a cadilac.easy to install and very durable even on excesivly unmaintained country roads . I recommend these to everyone of my friends and those I speak to about shocks and car repair .
 I purchased a different jacket when I first got my motorcycle , but I only used it for about six months before needing a new one . In my local shop , they had no plus-sized women 's jackets , so I was wearing a men 's jacket , and the plates were n't in good places to be protective in case of an accident . This jacket runs true to size , and seems more durable than the other brand of jacket I had -LRB- Joe Rocket -RRB- . The two separate zip-out liners are very convenient and easy . I am very happy with the fit and quality . I ride about two hours a day , on the interstate , and my old jacket started to fray at certain seams after only a month or so . I have had this one for over a month , and there are no signs of wear . In addition , the jacket is comfortable from 95 degrees down to 50 degrees -LRB- with appropriate clothing underneath , of course -RRB- . It may work in even colder weather , but I have n't ridden in anything colder than 50 . Overall , I 'm really , really pleased with this purchase !
 This jacket met every expectation and more . Although heavy , it is comfortable and can be snugged down for a more `` tailored '' fit . If anything could be a `` con '' its the zippers ... when the linings are out , there are a lot of zippers exposed and I often try to zip the wrong ones ! The liners are great ... keep you dry , keep off the wind , or keep you warm . I have no complaints . The jacket may be short for some people ... but I 'm very short-waisted and it fits me perfect . I sized up 1 size and it is quite comfortable .
 This filter system was a breeze to install - about 90 stress-free minutes . Imagine being asthmatic and taking a shot of an emergency inhaler ; that 's what this filter did for my 7.3 L turbo diesel . The truck accelerates much quicker , pulls my fifth-wheel much easier and added a slight - but noticeable - increase in my fuel economy . My truck is a 2000 so I notice no increase in the cabin noise level . Should have added this filter system many miles ago . Amazon had it here a day after I ordered it . Five stars .
 2002 Excursion with the 7.3 diesel . Love this vehicle and will keep it forever . Already had a K&N ; filter , but broke a fitting on the air filter box when cleaning the filter . The cost to replace this part was almost as much as this new cold air intake unit and I did n't want a 10 yo part from the junkyard since it would have the same weakness of the part that just broke . It was easy to install and I am impressed with the performance . It is louder and it made me nervous that I had a leak , but after numerous stops to check I was sure that it was ok . The computer mpg shows a 2 mpg increase , but I have yet to check it the more acurate way . My hubby is happy that he now has my old K&N ; filter and it has improved the performance on his truck . I would n't have done this without the part breaking , but I am glad that this was my decision instead of going back to the original air filter box design.Update 1/9/12 - Still very happy with this and I am really getting an average of 2 additional miles per gallon . May not seem like a lot to most of you , but this vehicle costs over $ 150 to fill up due to the 44 gal tank . The idiot computer read-out shows that I am getting 22.7 miles to the gallon . Thanks to my super chip programmer , the mpg readout has n't been accurate since I programmed it when the vehicle was new . I am actually averaging 18 mpg and I live in the hill country in Texas .
 Recieved item much faster than I expected . Once installed I could definitely tell the difference in how the engine ran . Fuel mileage is up and life is good .
 Put this on my 2002 F350 in 20 minutes . extremely simple installation . Right away i noticed the increased power . Not to mention the thing sounds amazing ! If you own a 7.3 liter , do n't wait any longer . Buy it right now . Amazon had it to me in two days . You will love it , just like I do .
 If you 're reading this you should 've bought it by now . I love this and intake kit not only that it makes my truck more powerful and it sounds amazing
 Product fit good , and performs well . Mounted onto 2001 F-250 w / 7.3 powerstroke . Packaging was good , directions were clear . Shipped quick from Amazon , as always . Good product .
 I received the correct part , works perfect , no problems at all . I will purchase my auto-parts here again , good price too .
 This product was very easy to install for the average do-it-yourselfer ! It took a little over 1/2 an hour when I was doing my oil change . All of the needed components were in the box and the instructions were pretty clear . I was a little skeptical at first about whether it was getting all of the oil out of the crankcase , so I pulled the drain plug on my next oil change once the pump was done just to verify ... . all that was left coming out was a minor drip ! Overall a super value for the money and it sure has saved me time and kept me from having to clean up more `` oil change messes '' . Buy it ; you 'll be glad you did !
 This is the greatest kit . I can now change my oil anywhere ! I routed the hose to pump the oil right onto the ground . I park in front of walmart , EPA building , or police station ; flip one switch to make a puddle and flip the other switch to fill the engine up with new oil . You do n't even have to get out of your car!Thanks Spectre !
 I have a 2004 Nissan Frontier and in order to get the oil filter off you have to turn the wheels all the way to the right , unfasten a mud guard , reach thru the fender , and use a oil filter wrench to unscrew the oil filter . I 've owned a dozen vehicles my whole life and changed the oil on all of them and this one is by far the worst vehicle to do it on . I just installed this kit and it will make changing the filter a breeze from now on , I mounted the filter to the firewall on the passenger side routed the hose straight up and with all the different filter adapters I was able to switch to a filter that has twice the capacity of the original one . I read in someone 's other post that the opening on the filter side is a little small and I would have to agree so I am going to open it a little more like they did . I took the oil drain part of the kit and installed it on my riding mower to make changing oil my mower easier and without the normal mess . I like the kit so much I bought another one to put on my wife 's car and will put the oil drain part on my moms riding mower . For 39 bucks you just ca n't go wrong it has every kind of fitting you would ever need and as long as you plan it out and can use some simple hand tools you should n't have any problem installing it .
 A year or more ago I bought one of these kits -LRB- from Amazon -RRB- for my 2002 Nissan pickup . It engendered a bit of cussing on the part of the -LRB- dull -RRB- mechanic figuring out how to install it -LRB- but he managed -RRB- and it has worked pretty well in the oil change role and like a CHAMP in the oil filter changing department.In my opinion that should be the main marketing strategy for this product . It is much less expensive , more complete and as well made as any filter relocation kit to be found anywhere . I have researched this topic extensively twice.I just rec 'd my second kit - bought for my '87 Toyota Supra . Nothing has changed since I first researched the topic.According to Spectre this kit is no longer being made , but they have a goodly number in their warehouse - but be advised that the number is finite as of now .
 I bought this product for the engine in my boat . The space in the engine room is very limited and most people would have a hard time reaching the oil filter let alone the oil drain plug . On a boat , you normally have to suck the oil out through a special dip stick on marine engines . The only way to get to the oil drain plug was to remove the engine from the boat . This product allows you to drain the oil from the bottom of the pan . Since I did n't pull out my engine , I have only installed the filter relocation adapter for the moment . If you usually change your own oil , you will have no problem installing this product . It was much simpler to install than I expected . The price is very reasonable when compared to similar products on the market without sacrificing quality .
 I am using it for various projects and the parts are exactly what I needed . A Good Buy !!! for the money .
 thanks to this kit I 'll never get under my p/u again to change oil - takes me 10min tops to do so now . highly recommend this !
 VERY GOOD PRODUCT FIT IN MY TRUCK 2005 CHEVY COLORADO 3.7 5-cylinder engine AND MY SUV 2003 CHEVY TRAILBLAZER 4.2 6-cylinder
 this is a great product works awesome I would recommend it to anyone looking for easy access for oil changes
 Here 's the deal , I was looking for a good way to move the oil filter to a different place under the hood and this kit did the job perfectly . The filter on my son 's car is on the side of the engine block -LRB- Nissan 240SX -RRB- and located right above a section of the frame that has holes in the top . Every time I remove the filter , the oil drains out of the filter and enevitably into the frame -LRB- a big wad of shop rags or towels under the filter helps , but not always -RRB- , then I 've got oil draining from the frame for the next week , making a mess all over the driveway . Anyway , the pump thing with the drain tube running from the pan is unique , but not what I bought the kit for -LRB- I only used the filter relocator -RRB- . Was impressed with the quality of the fittings and the hoses and everything hooked up like they said it would . The big plus though ... . it 's about one third the cost of any other kit out there -LRB- including those listed on Amazon.com -RRB- and it comes with adapters to fit just about any car . Been on the car now for about 8 months with no problems and has made changing the filter sooooo much easier and cleaner ... . in fact decided to buy another kit from Amazon for my own car .
 I purchased this more for the remote oil filter than the pump - the pump 's OK , but personally , I 'd rather drain my oil than pump it out.The unit is very well made , comes with every imaginable fitting , and has pretty decent instructions - not that it 's rocket science , but it helps to have some pointers .
 I do n't usually write reviews but I had to this time . This Kit is GREAT ... The instructions actually read like they were written by someone who had a grasp of the English language . ALL of the parts fit and work exactly like they were meant to . Lots of extra hardware to meet any installation requirement . The designers of this kit knew what they were doing . The only thing I would recommend is to open the orifice on the filter side a bit . I used a Dremal tool . The slot from the fitting to the filter is a bit small and may restrict flow . Other than that GOOD job . It 's good to see that someone can still build a quality product these days !!! I wish I had another car so I could buy another . This kit was the answer to all the issues I had with changing the oil and filter on my truck .
 I installed this on my 2007 Ridgeline pick up . I mounted the Oil Filter Bracket on the inner fender wall -LRB- passenger side -RRB- , drained the oil and pulled the original filter . There are five Banjo Bolts -LRB- bolt is hollow and has a hole in the shaft to allow the oil to go from the oil pan to the hose -RRB- . I connected the oil drain hose and ran it up to the firewall where I attached the Oil Drain tube mount . They provide several crush washers to choose from.The kit comes with five `` filter adapter sleeves '' of various sizes -LRB- basically a threaded insert that fits the center threads in a filter -RRB- . I used the copper colored -LRB- close to rose gold in color -RRB- for the upper and lower filter adapter.I ran the two hoses from the lower filter adapter , which screwed in where the filter originally was , up the upper filter adapter that I mounted on the passenger side fender . I used the provided zip ties to secure the hoses . The hose comes as one long piece and needs to be cut . I had about 10 inches of hose left over.Since I did not like the idea of having to plug the pump into the power outlets in the cab and taking a chance that the surge of oil would dislodge the drain line from the container , I installed a 12 Volt outlet next to the battery . Now I can see everything when I start the pump and ensure no mess . I can also plug in a light if I need to while on a trip.It has been two weeks since I installed the kit and around 800 miles . No leaks!All in all I believe the kit is well manufactured and easy to install . The weak link may be the 12 volt pump , but there are plenty on the market if it ever fails.My one suggestion to the company is
 My car has -LRB- er , had ... -RRB- an oil filter in a really bad spot between the engine block and the front chassis brace . Removing this , even after draining the oil , usually caused the chassis brace to drip oil in a wide area and required a LOT of paper towels to clean up.Now , what used to require a giant drain pan and a small forest of paper towels can be done with an empty oil jug and a small pan to catch the filter drips . I do n't have a way to measure this , but it appears that the suction from the pump is pulling more oil from the pan at change time than gravity did . I recommend pumping it out once , removing the filter -LRB- and rotating the tires - give it some time ... -RRB- then starting the pump again to catch the last few drips that come out of the engine block.Installation was n't too tough , but routing the hoses in my sub-subcompact car did pose a bit of a challenge . Also , it 's a good idea to mark the hoses to make sure they do n't get crossed - oil will not flow backwards through a -LRB- decent -RRB- filter and this can cause serious engine damage.As an added bonus , the car is running a few degrees cooler on the gauge , I assume due to the time the oil spends away from the hot engine block.All-in-all , a brilliantly simple solution to an inconvenient messy problem .
 Excellent little assortment of parts here . It 's not for everyone , but for those who can take advantage of it , it 's a nice ensemble . All the hardware is of decent quality and appears durable . Many of the parts would be hard to get for half the price . I bought it at a discount price and really had very little trouble seeing high value in it . Even at the regular price , you would be hard pressed to duplicate it for double .
 OK so your wondering , wow a one-size-fits-all which probably means one-size-fits-none . Well these guys thought of almost all the adapters/fittings you will need to install this in just about any vehicle , and in my case a boat . I was looking for an alternative for the multi-hundred dollar kit for my Mercruiser 5.0 L stern drive . Surely someone must make something under a $ 100 that can remote mount my oil filter . In my boat , the oil filter is located like in any other engine , at the bottom . In a boat you do n't get the luxury of crawling under the engine . To get to my boat filter , I needed to be a cast member of Circue Du Soleil to contort myself in the engine compartment to reach the filter . And I ca n't even begin to describe the peripheral oil drip mess that occurs after you unscrew the filter , inevitably ending up in and soiling the bilge . This kit now changed all that.I had my doubts about a kit under $ 50 accomplishing what Mercruiser said had to be done with their $ 259 kit . But this kits easily dismissed that and fits just fine . The instructions are well written and easily guides even the most amateur auto maintenance novelist to install this kit . The parts are all metal where they need to be . No plastic anything except for the included zip ties . These guys thought of everything in the kit , all is included . Kit includes all the screws , washers , brackets and adapters to help you mount this to just about any vehicle . They even smartly provided the hose in one long length so you can custom cut it to whatever length fits well with your application . They included an adapter , hose and electric pump if you choose to set your vehicle up for topside oil pan draining , but I passed on this feature because my boat is already set up for that and did n't want to add another process which just adds more risk , so I ca n't speak at all to the installation for this function/feature , but the components all appear to be of good grade and very capable of performing as advertised.The adapters filter mounts are made of cast aluminum . The casting are a bit rough and I think their process of handling at the factory may need improving . The surface where the filter will contact seem challenged with scratches and gouges that appear to may be a problem when the filter is screwed on and allow oil to seep by . I installed my kit and I added the oil , after running my engine for several minutes at full oil pressure , there were no leaks noted at all.If you are going to use this for a boat in saltwater , I recommended changing out the supplied hose clamps with stainless steel type . The supplied hose clamps are robust enough for the job and appear zinc plated , but for me , I did n't want to have to crawl back down in the engine compartment if the clamps decided to rust prematurely.Pros : - All metal components - Adaptability to any vehicle - Good instructions - Value - Everything you will ever need for the install , including hex wrench is included.Cons : - Non-stainless steel hose clamps -LRB- mostly a concern for saltwater environment -RRB- - Worrisome amount of surface scratches on the filter mounts
 Great system . Clear installation instructions made relocation of the oil filter very easy . A person should not have any problems relocating the filter cartridge as all required installation components are included in the kit . No more crawling around under your vehicle.Trans-Dapt 1122 Oil Filter Relocation Kit
 This oil relocation kit is amazing for its price . Is an outstanding piece of equipment for any vehicle . If you are planning to relocate your oil filter this is the one you need to choose .
 I wanted review this product to offset some of the negative reviews . This is the first windshield repair I ever did . This product is awesome . I had a chip with star cracks that was about the size of a dime . I followed the directions and it 's probably 90 % invisable . The cracks on the repair are visable only from the inside in bright sunlight if you tilt your head at just the right angle . I could point it out if I look hard , because I know where it is . I doubt anyone else would be able to find it and do not feel it could have come out better if it was professionally done . A couple of notes . If you use this , suggest view the UTube video first to understand what to do . Rub well to seal the disk and filler and do n't shortchange the times on the directions . The one negative is that you need to keep a drop for the last step . The tube is colored , so you can not know if you have a drop left , so suggest do not squeese too hard when filling . Pretty sure they can not use a clear tube because the material uses ultraviolet light to cure and they need to block that from drying out the adhesive inside . I had the last drop available , but mention this as a likely potential problem and deducted 1 star for that . That aside , results and ease of use were top rate . This product exceeded my expectations .
 I 've used this kit four times in the past 3 years -LRB- my luck with flying stones -RRB- . My first attempt was so-so . However , I achieved good outcomes the last two tries . It is true , I found the directions a bit confusing the first time . The trick is to ensure good seals with the windshield -LRB- use the rubber end -RRB- , and the applicator -LRB- save the paper side for the applicator -RRB- . After instilling the resin , pull the syringe to the lower indent and leave for 15 minutes -LRB- direction says at least 10 minutes -RRB- ; remove the syringe for an instant and then depress to the upper indentation and make sure you leave in place for more than 30 minutes . It is critical to allow U/V rays from the sun to `` cure '' the crack . If necessary , apply a transparent tape to the curing strip if you have to drive around . Nonetheless , you will still see a fine line afterwards -LRB- maybe perceptible only to you -RRB- but the bullseye will definitely disappear .
 This worked very well for me . I had a star burst chip about the size of a nickel in my windshield . I followed the directions , doing the repair in my garage away from sunlight . After the repair I moved the car outside so the resin could cure . All that remains of the nickel sized star burst is a round blemish less than 1/4 inch in diameter . Not perfect , but a huge improvement .
 Unlike most reviewers , this product actually worked ok for me.Like other reviewers , I found it to be cumbersome and time consuming.I 'd call the results adequate but not up to pro standards . Maybe i could get a little better results the 2nd time around . Then again , it 's a bit too easy to get substandard results.Overall I 'm not sure I 'd try it again . And I think anyone that 's kind of harried -LRB- is n't that most of us ? -RRB- should think twice before attempting . *** I did find their youtube video helpful -LRB- better than the instructions -RRB- - so if you try this product , give it a look.I also should mention that the ` included ' push pin and alcohol wipe were not to be found in my kit . And you need to supply your own razor blade . For what you actually get -LRB- resin , syringe , doublestick tape , and a piece of flimsy plastic -RRB- , the product is - in my opinion - kind of pricey .
 I purchased this item the first time from Pep Boys a while ago and have just come to Amazon to buy a second one.The first time I had a bad `` star burst '' that was starting to spread rapidly.I used this product and it fixed my windsheild exept for a blemish on the outside of the window.The system was not easy to use and took significant time.It would be very easy to miss read the directions or rush the proccess and get bad results .
 wow ... if this stuff does n't work for you then you should not be involved in any kind of self-vehicle repair . I have been restoring and repairing classic autos for years and have used this very same product for close to 25 years . I have used at least 12-15 times and have NEVER had an issue . If you can not follow the simple directions for this product then call a repair person to install you a new windshield . Use immediately after the bullseye hit and it will fill the glass to prevent light refraction - it 's not perfect - but as close as you can get for $ 15 .
 It fixed almost my glass due to my small mistakes . However , it is a great kit for small scratch . But it soon , fix yours soon .
 Wow ! I almost did not try this product after reading all of the BAD reviews . I am SO glad that I gave it a try . I can only imagine that the other reviewers did not read instructions , OR maybe tried the repair on a cold day or who knows.Took less than 1 hour , not including the hour curing time -LRB- which was unattended -RRB- . I had a 1/4 inch circular ding in my windshield . Most of the damaged glass was on the inside of the circle . There was a small pinhole in the window and no glass underneath . I was concerned about getting the compound through it!But no . real simple . # 1 - WASH THE AREA WITH THE ALOCOHOL SWAB . You MUST do this step for the adhesive circle to stick -LRB- thus not allowing the compound to seep out -RRB- . # 2 - Remove the backing and stick it on the winshield with the damaged area in the middle . RUB RUB RUB to make sure there are no air bubbles . # 3 - Remove the top backing off and stick on the base . Again , RUB RUB RUB , you need a good seal . # 4 - Open the compound tube and squeeze it in . # 5 - stick the syringe in the hole in the upmost position . # 6 - Pull the syring plunger and lock it to create and keep suction . # 7 - after 10 minutes , remove the syringe to add air , and put it back itn this time PUSH the plunger DOWN , forcing air into the break ! Wait 20 minutes . # 8 - remove everything , add a drop of compound and smooth on the curing strip ... wait 10 -60 minutes depending on whether its sunny or not.Tada - all done . There was some seepage on the first part , but I had alcohol and cottonballs ready to wipe up immediately so NO mess.I did not use a hair dryer but my winshield was warm from having driven around earlier in the day . The stuff does dry extremely fast , so its important that the winshield is warm to let it flow through the break . than it must be sunny to let it cure.I just really do n't understand these reviews ? Am I really more mechanical than that many people ? And I am a girl ! Safelite quoted me $ 150.00 for the repair.This cost me $ 11 and did the job just fine . On a final note , I did not have enough remaining compound for the last step . So there is a really tiny tiny pinhole left . Can barely see it , but I might wait a week and do it once more to make 100 % perfect . That would cost a total of $ 22 for a PERFECT repair compared to $ 150 . Good deal aye ?
 I 've used this product twice ... once about ten years ago , and again recently . If your windshield has a small chip or `` starburst '' crack , this product is definitely worth a shot before you spend major money to replace the windshield.Pros : - The kit costs only about twelve bucks . - The repair takes only about an hour . Most of that time is really just waiting around ... ten minutes after one step , twenty minutes after another , and fifteen minutes after a third . - It works at least some of the time . - The repair seems to last . -LRB- The repair that I did ten years ago is still fine , even though the car is n't garage-kept and has been driven 150,000 miles in all sorts of weather . The jury 's still out on the recent repair , but I have high hopes . -RRB- Cons : - It does n't always work -- and even when it does , the repair is n't totally invisible . - The directions could be clearer.With improved directions -LRB- including color photos of the various steps -RRB- I would have given this five out of five stars .
 I really really did not expect this to work . Though you should n't expect your glass to look perfect after this , it will look much better than it did before . I had a dark circle from a bullseye crack that had a very small hole on top . I highly recommend watching Permatex 's youtube video `` Permatex windshield restoration . '' You will need a straight razor -LRB- I used a sharp knife -RRB- , alcohol to clean the damaged area and area around it for the adhesive to stick -LRB- I used denatured alcohol -RRB- , and a push pin . If you have a bullseye you have to take the push pin and make the hole a littler larger and clear out any of the broken glass . Then wipe the area with the alcohol , allow to dry , and put the sticker on green side up . Peel the green cover and apply the grey attachment . Pour most of the resin into the tube -LRB- leave a drop or so for the last step -RRB- and attach the syringe . Pull the syringe to the second notch -LRB- pretty tight pull -RRB- and let sit for 10 minutes . Then take the syringe off the grey thing -LRB- still at the second notch -RRB- to let air in , then put it back in the grey thing and push down to the first notch -LRB- pushing air into it . Let sit for at least 20 minutes , I let mine sit longer . Then remove the syringe and grey plastic , I just scraped along the side while pulling and the sticker part came off clean . Then take your left over resin and put a good drop on top of the hole , placing the yellow film on top and pressing out all the air . It should stick . Let sit -LRB- I left mine in the shade for 1 hour -RRB- , come back , peel the yellow off and scrape the excess . Mine looks great now !
 Product fits contours of wheelwells very well and looks excellent after installation . During installation I found the supplied self tapping screws had difficulty piercing the fenderwell metal . Drilling a pilot hole sped up the process . A helper will make the installation much easier if available . The product appears well made and dresses up the appearance of my rather austere XL model Ford truck . Recommend it .
 Replacement for previous saddelman covers that were wearing out after 8 years . 4 star instead of 5 because they are not a perfect fit , but they do fit well , are very durable , and protect your original seats . When I replaced the old covers , seats underneath are still like new .
 My dashmat arrived on time and was easy to install , -LRB- it only took a few minutes -RRB- I am very happy with it .
 I had been reviewing K & N as well as Airaid air intakes for my H2 Hummer . I think they both make great products , but with Amazon 's low price on K & N I decided to spend the extra $ 20.00 and get the K & N system.Ebay was the cheapest I had found with until I came to Amazon and they had the same price and I knew who I was buying from , so I ordered it.It installed quickly -LRB- about 90 min . -RRB- and the system runs beautifully . The sound was actually pretty mellow overall . It seems quieter on takeoff , but when you step on it you can hear it . You can also hear some noise from the passenger side after you install . Mostly some mild inhale/sucking sounds but nothing you even notice with the radio on.So far the initial benefits are more throttle response and it looks like I am getting about 1 mpg more than before . Not a lot , but for a Hummer that is about a 10 % increase : - -RRB- I am very pleased over all . Also wanted to mention that I owned an Airaid system last year with my Ford pickup with a 4.7 Triton and it was much louder than the K & N. Quiet works better for me.I also want to commend Amazon on the amazing service they provide with the Prime membership . I ordered this system on Thursday afternoon wanting to have it on Friday so I could toy with it on the weekend . It cost me $ 3.99 to have this large box sent overnight to my house and I had it on Friday.Prime memberships are worth their weight in gold for frequent Amazon shoppers IMO .
 `` I could only finds this on Amazon , beleive me when I say I scoured my local auto parts stores for this brand that it is not out there . I found it on Amazon only . ''
 I ordered this bag in the Green Dobby color because green and yellow are two of my favorite colors , and the bag looks just as beautiful as it does in the pictures . I have received tons of compliments since I bought it about 6 months ago . I am a busy student who is usually quite disorganized , and the separate compartments , some of them pre-labeled with pictures to remind you where things go , help to keep things in order . I also really enjoy the magnetic closure on the front flap , no messy velcro ! I can fit up to three large books + two three-subject notebooks in the largest compartment . Very well designed ! I feel like a princess when I 'm wearing it .
 Beautiful ! Stylish ! Worth the price . I love this bag !! There are pockets for everything . It is just a great bag .
 After installing the k & n 57 2532 intake , I can feel the power ! Can easily get out of the snow . No more getting out of the car trying to push under the bad weather condition . I recommended the k & n 57 2532 intake for your vehicle .
 Its not the easiest install but anyone can do it . Just follow the instructions and use some common sense . When finished it looks great and is n't over flashy like other intakes . It appears stock until you take a closer look . The filter is enormous compared to the stock one and you can hear the air entering under throttle . Great addition to an exhaust kit .
 This item has been a great addition to my modded mustang . My old intake required me to take my wheel off in order to access it , but this item allows me to change it with ease as well as increase my horsepower .
 I have had this on my v6 stang since 2006 . I gained 2 mpg 30.5 mpg highway currently . car sounds a lil more throaty . i would n't say you will notice a hp gain . but the mpg you do . pays for itself over time and just looks cool . The install isnt that bad id say it is easy . took me 15-20 mins if that . . need basic tools .
 Good fit for my 2004 Mustang , I 'm not sure about the extra power hype but it does feel like there is more power to the engine . Of course , this is using the seat of my pants instrumentation . Install was easy and it started right up afterwards .
 ok !! to start off i had this part for over a month now and it works great . the engine feels more powerful , the shifts feel REALLY smoother , and after driving you car you can feel the cold intake next to the engine . its a solid overall part .
 Great product . Fit my 2001 Mustang V-6 perfect . Great tone through muffler . Increased frash air intake 100 % . Little peppier performance . Great vendor , speedy delivery .
 Installation was straightforward -LRB- exception 1 step -RRB- but it takes a little while . Definitely worth it though . Bought it for gas milage mainly . First tank i got 19 mpg in the city compared to 16 . Went down after a few months to around 1-2 mpg . Might be my driving habits though.It makes a cool sound when you start your car , like a high performance car . It goes really well with a dual exhaust system because of the increase in airflow and in turn performance and gas milage . Its easy to replace the filter -LRB- although they are really high , get the cleaning kit from K&N ;-RRB- and looks cool in the engine . Do n't expect alot of performance out of it , its not a supercharger . I saw a very modest gain in throttle if at all . Get it for gas milage because of gas prices ! -LRB- But be easy on the pedal , it will also USE alot more gas -RRB-
 I installed this item recently , it was pretty straight forward install and took about 45 minutes to an hour . You can get the same results HP and TRQ wise by buying a CAI on ebay and putting a K+N filter on it , however I personally like the design of keeping the filter visable on the top of the engine bay -LRB- much easier to replace to clean than removing the ebay intake -RRB- The gains are very slim but noticable -LRB- 1-2mpg and about 5hp -RRB- It 's worth trying out , and K+N 's customer service is top notch . mine was missing 2 parts and they overnighted it to me at no charge . I 've never experienced such awesomeness from a company . I made my friends get this product for their truck / cars and they are satisfied as well.Overall I give it 4 out of 5 stars .
 This is a quality hose made by Gates . Construction seemed to be more robust than the hose I took of the car , and Amazon 's price on this hose ca n't be beat .
 My 2003 Chrysler van had a broken mirror on the driver side . The dealer price for the mirror was out of the question . I found this mirror and ordered it . It arrived a day earlier than the tracking . It matched my broken mirror exactly . It came with 2 double stick pads to adhere it to the mirror glass or housing . I added 4 dabs of 100 % silicone to the mirror also , along with a small bead along the top of the mirror -LRB- to preven water from damaging pads in coming years -RRB- . I then wiped the excess silicone from the top of the mirror to seal any gaps . Fast delivery , good fit to old mirror , easy mounting = well worth the low cost . My wife almost got into an accident due to the fracture line in the old mirror , so I need to replace it ASAP . This proved to be a low cost easy fix .
 This Excellent replacement mirror met or exceeded my expectations ! Highly recommended for a no fuss mirror replacement . Very fast mounting .
 No on/off switch and one speed , but it really does a good job . I mounted it in the back of van and wired it into the rear-door light switch -- very convenient .
 I have now had this fan for 2 years ! I travel with it in my motorhome . I use it indoors and outdoors . I also have a 110 to 12volt converter , so I have been able to use it on 110 or 12volt . This is one VERY powerful fan . If you want to cool down or move the air around , this RoaPro does the trick nicely . The only downside is my oscillator broke some time ago . I never got around to fixing that . The fan still blows up a hurricane , it just does n't oscillate anymore . I would definitely buy this again . Matter of fact , I tried buying a table fan . It was huge , took up a lot of room . It merely teased me , it was so anemic . I think the fan motor put out more heat than the fan blades could cool . So I kept going back to the RoadPro fan . It seriously moves the air around . It keeps me cool , keeps my computer cool , keeps the dog cool . We love it . Oh and the cord is super long , I 've never had to use an extension cord .
 I bought a pair of shocks for both the front and rear of a classic car that I am updating . Normally I do 99 % of the work on my vehicles but due to the cold weather and having too much junk in my garage I chose to have my local mechanic install them . As I was paying the bill I inquired as to any problems regarding the installation or fit of the new shocks and was told that the removal of the old shocks was the only thing that gave them problems . The new set of shocks went on smoothly.On the ride home I noticed a big improvement in ride quality and am totally happy with the new Monroe shocks that were installed .
 I installed these shocks on my 1986 Lincoln Town Car . Being that my vehicle is simply a yacht placed onto a steel frame and 4-wheels , I often found myself seasick when cruising down the interstate . I bought these shocks to replace the fronts in the car and they seem to do the job . They offer a stock ride at a great price . I 'm running this Town car on 20x9 rims and a 275/40 -20 tire and I honestly feel no difference in ride quality from the factory 15 inch steel rims running a 215/70 -15 tire . These front shocks must have done the trick since I replaced the front shocks about the same time as I replaced the wheels . Best value in town !
 I ordered this product hoping it will fit my car . I did fit as expected and work 's really fine . I do recommend the product .
 great replacement and foldable !!!! unlike my stock 90 geo tracker mirrors that i broke on a treebut the mirror vibrate a littlemaking viewing a little unclear . but not bad
 This jacket feels awesome . I was getting too hot with my old one , but the mesh on this one allows for plenty of air flow . I also wore it once it got colder , and with the liner installed it was plenty warm for riding in cold Connecticut winter .
 I 've ridden with this jacket a couple of times now in upper 80 weather , and when you 're moving it keeps you cool . The loose mesh and perforated leather lets the air through . I 'm sure with the liner in this will be good for cooler days , too . It has excellent shoulder , elbow , side and upper and lower back protection . It 's well made and it looks great too . I ordered the 2XL and it fit just as I expected it to . I 'm very happy with this Joe Rocket Reactor jacket , and it looks like this jacket is going to last a long time .
 As a stocking stuffer it was great . It is proudly attached to my the car it was entended for . One Broncos fan is very happy .
 I purchased the Monroe Matic Plus shock absorber # 33123 for the front of my 1981 Corvette and the Monroe MA 785 Max Air shock absorber for the rear . The ride is 100 % better than before . I received my order promptly and in good condition . No problems with installation .
 Received order quickly , and it was exactly as they described it . the product fit the models they said it would and it was a very good price
 I have used this in the past and it works well . Most of all my wife is happy that her defogger works again ! What more can I say !
 My daughter 's rear windshield had multiple breaks in it . The hardest part was finding them with a multimeter . The paint works very well , it 's a bit tricky to mask off the tiny lines while crouched in the rear seat.Even if you are a bit sloppy with the paint , it will complete the circuit and the defroster will workInexpensive and easy fix .
 I had several lines on my rear window defogger that were not working . It was becoming a safety issue with the cold weather coming in because there was a solid line of fog running right through the center of my rear window . The product arrived to my house on time and was extremely easy to use . The instructions printed on the packaging are straight forward . I used painters tape to isolate the several breaks on the wires and applied five coats of the repair paint over the course of about an hour . I waited 18 hours instead of the recommended 24 because I had to defog my window the next morning to get to work , but my defogger grid was back to working completely . I made the repair a month ago and the defogger is still working fine .
 It works great . I had maybe 2 lines working . It was easy to follow the instructions , and now only one line does not work . I 'll fix it later . My car is over 20 years old and lines used to be in very bad shape . Buy , it will save you a lot of money .
 This kit fixed my rear defroster , although I will admit I did n't do it myself . I had a ` handy ' friend do it for me . I was n't sure it would fix the problem - I 've heard people talking about having to have a professional mechanic redo all those little grid lines to fix the problem . On my rear window , one of the contacts had come loose . This fixed it and maintained the connectivity . I 'm impressed .
 I used this to repair the grids on my Lexus . As someone very familiar with this product you can &#34; paint it &#34; so it is no wider than the line . It does not trim well with a razor so take you time and be accurate . It can be applied in air temperature below freezing .
 I can finally see through more than 5 little spots ! This product Bridged the gaps in my defroster grid perfectly .
 One of the tabs on my car was ripped off . Even took some glass with it . Fortunately , the conductive pad was large . I had to make a new tab out of a spare plug from a wiring kit . I followed the directions very closely and it seems I was successful . I have n't tried to repair the grid , but it appears to work for the tabs .
 I have used this product -LRB- or similar product -RRB- before on a 1970 's VW bug and it worked . It was for my rear defroster . I needed to fix my Subaru with the in-glass antenna and decided to give it a try . It works great and improved my radio reception phenomenally . The antenna had a few broken lines . It wo n't make it look like original or new , but it will make it function like before . A cheaper alternative than replacing the glass , which i will do if it ever needed it . It is n't as easy as painting it on and will take some effort on your part to make it look nice . A little patience , scotch tape will help , and a blow dryer .
 I had a few small scratches that rendered my rear defogger useless until I bought this product . I did not use the included guide as the lines were about 1/4th the size I needed . I recommend painter 's tape or masking tape to DIY a guide , then paint between the lines . Use a good amount of paint or plan to go over at least a couple of times .
 I read some reviews on the product and figured that I 'd give it a try . What 's to lose right ? It comes in a small bottle but goes a long way if you use it according to the instructions . If you have a steady hand and attention to detail , this makes for a fun 30-45 minute project . I used a painter 's brush which was better then the supplied brush . I would recommend pulling the tape off slowly and away from the line -LRB- not straight off the glass -RRB- . We have 3 vehicles and I was able to fix 6 broken lines with some paint to spare for future repairs . I would recommend this as an easy way to save money by not having to take this to an auto glass or repair shop .
 Works exactly as advertised . This process was quick but has an odor while the paint is drying . The process was quite clean , the template makes the line a little bigger than the factory lines but after a few days you really do n't notice it .
 I have been using the product for 15 years . After getting some experience almost any repair was possible . However , for glasses older than 12-15 years -LRB- depending on manufacturer , life conditions , etc -RRB- the aging process has often gone too far , no repair possible .
 The material worked great . The kit includes a `` tape '' material to put on both side edges of the area to be repaired , and the material is then applied to build up a thickness with three applications . I used regular scotch tape instead . The repair worked great . I fixed a tiny break in one of the grid lines , overlapping the area maybe 1/2 '' on both sides of the break . I have 99 % of the material left over , enough to do several repairs . I highly recommend this product to anyone contemplating repairing their window defogger/defroster grid on their car 's rear window .
 Awesome product ! I cleaned the back glass , used blue painters tape . Applied 3 coats as the directions said . Next morning had snow on the car and tried it out . It works !! I 'd rather pay 20 $ instead of 500 . Thank u !!
 Works perfectly when using instructions , 3 coats and 1the minute between works great . The only reason for 4 stars is the width of the outline strip is a bit thick and the color is dark compared to stock coloring . It is very obvious where you put it unless you do all the strips .
 Why replace your rear window when you can repair it for next to nothing ! I had three or four defrost lines that somehow were scratched and did not work . . I bought this great repair kit put some painters tape on window left a space the same size as the defrost lines , painted the spots with 2-3 coats and poof !! Everything worked again !! Make sure you peel painters blue tape off before this stuff dries and you will have undetected repair lines . . It looks like a factory finish you ca n't see the repair at all . . great stuff Permatex !!
 The product work very well for as defogger repair . a a a a a a a a a a a
 This worked great . The bottle is really tiny , but it amazingly covered about 15 different breaks in my rear defroster -LRB- 3 coats of this paint for each break -RRB- with paint still left over . The defroster works great now.I did n't try using the included mask , because I had so many breaks that I needed to repair -LRB- many of which were very long breaks -RRB- . I used 3M painter 's tape instead , which allowed me to repair any length of break that I had , and it is pretty cheap . Just make sure you press the tape against the window really well so that the paint does n't get underneath the tape . Using tape made the new painted lines the exact same width as the original lines -LRB- the only difference is the color of the repair paint -RRB- . Remove the tape about 3 minutes after you have put on the last coat of paint -LRB- do n't wait the 20 minutes like the instructions say -RRB- , and remove it by SLOWLY pulling the tape at a sharp angle AWAY from the painted line . This will keep the new paint from being pulled off the window . Be careful to not touch any other nearby painted lines while you 're removing the tape.I only gave 4 stars for this because the included paint brush does n't work very well . However , you have to use the included paint brush because the paint bottle opening is way too small for any other paint brush to fit inside . After you have been using the included paint brush for about 5 minutes it works a little better .
 Treat this like any other painting project and you 'll have excellent results - preparation is the key . Use painter 's masking tape if you have large sections to repair . I ran out and used some standard masking tape . It worked fine , but did allow the paint to bleed under the tape a bit . The included template is only useful if you 're repairing one or two small areas . In my case , I had 2.5 feet of defogger lines to repair . Before applying the masking tape , clean the window thoroughly with windex and use a decent amount of pressure to make sure you remove any other loose sections of defogger line . Apply the masking tape carefully to all areas requiring repair . I found the included paint brush to be too large , so before I began I used a pair of scissors to cut about half of the bristles off . This left a very precise brush that was easy to control . Shake the paint and follow the instructions on the packaging . There 's was plenty of paint in the bottle to apply 4 coats to my 2.5 foot repair and the bottle was still 1/3 full when I was done . When you 're done painting , clean the brush with some acetone -LRB- nail polish remover -RRB- and set it aside - you might need it again . After about 20 min , you can start removing the masking tape - go slowly and pull the tape at a sharp angle . I accidentally pulled a piece of tape off too fast and removed some of the fresh paint . I simply re-taped that area , got the brush out and repaired it again . Now you can either pitch the brush or clean it again and save it for the next repair .
 This worked well and fixed the broken grid wires on the rear defogger . Best advice is to fix broken grids BEFORE winter as it was cold out and I had to keep the window warm with a heat gun . The mask provided is great , but the bottle was small and once opened became messy and could not be closed again . Try to finish your repairs in one effort . Also , the repairs are copper-colored and visible up close , but not in the rear-view mirror .
 This sure beats paying a dealer hundreds of dollars to do the same thing . The only hard part was figuring out exactly where the circuit was broken - took me ten minutes of examination before I finally broke out my voltmeter and pinpointed the break . My only complaint is that the included template is cut for a much thicker defroster line than my car -LRB- or any car I 've seen -RRB- has , so if you are not very careful you will end up with a thicker and sloppier looking section of defroster line on the repaired section . Fortunately , my repair job turned out fine and it works like a charm .
 Received this Monday and used it to coat the bottom side of the buttons on my RCA DTA800B1 remote control . Worked great . It is a new fix so no news on durability yet . A few rudimentary tests on a sample only 2hrs old seemed to indicate it would last a while . If it does n't harden in the bottle there is enough material left to do repeat repairs . This stuff is expensive , over $ 11 for basically a few drops in the tiny bottle ! Make good use of it ! The high cost-to-material ratio is the reason for 4 stars instead of 5 .
 Used to ` repair ' a printed circuit on my VW with great results . Much better than the multiple $ $ $ $ to replace it . Worked great and with great results . It 's paint , conducts electricity so works on a multitude of applications .
 I had multiple grid wires damaged with both small scratches -LRB- < 1mm -RRB- and one large scratch -LRB- 30mm -RRB- . As previously stated , the template is worthless because it is too big for the wires of any vehicle I have ever seen ; I used Post-It notes that I had on-hand , but masking or even Scotch tape should work just as well . The paint is reddish brown , which does not match the gray/black grid wires of my Jeep , but this is only apparent upon close inspection . The paint is very easy to apply and dries quickly , making the repair pretty simple once you have masked the grid wires . The downside of this product is that the resistance of the paint is higher than the existing grid wires on my window . This is n't a huge issue for the small scratches , but is significant when covering a large gap ; the grid wire with the large scratch heats up significantly at the repair paint , and only minimally across the rest of the wire . Perhaps if I add additional coats of the repair paint I could fix this issue , but for now it will have to do ...
 Permatex 15067 Quick Grid Rear Window Defogger Repair Kit . Works great for multiple uses . I used it to fix my car window rear defogger and also some broken traces on my dishwasher 's keypad plastic ribbon cable . If you do n't like the paint brush then try dipping a toothpick in the bottle then dab it lengthwise along the bad trace . Works like a charm .
 I applied this to my defogger after a few of the lines started to peel off . Functionally it works great , but it was a pain to install . I elected to use painter 's tape for finer control over where the product was applied . I would not cut off any of the bristles off the brush as one of the previous review recommended -- it makes it much harder to apply the paint . If you use painter 's tape , you can protect the area you do n't want to paint . Using more bristles uses more paint , so if you do n't have large repairs -LRB- more than 4 inches -RRB- to make , do n't cut any off . As far as I can tell , the defogger is working again .
 Have to admit I was skeptical about how well this would fix my broken defroster lines . I have a 98 Jeep Cherokee and I used it to move to a new house , needless to say I was n't careful enough . The items packed in the back managed to break the circiut on the window . It took me a while to ID the problem as the breaks were small . I used this stuff and it works great now . You might need to do some touch-up after you are done as it is easy to apply too much .
 Yakima products are always great ! Never been disappointed with them and they always are direct fit . Good bracket ! A little pricey but it was well worth it now . I 've got 3 of them mounted on my Yakima Loadwarrior w / 4 Hella ff75 Lights across them and they are great !
 This is a great deal for a shifter handle . I was looking at the $ 35 Hurst shifter handles which are nice but costly . There are only two minor issues
 great alarm and remote start system.took awhile to install , but well worth the time.2-way range is excellent.as good or better than alot of other more expensive systems
 I have had this for years and everyone who sees it wants one , it protects my dashboard and looks good as well !
 The dealership wanted to charge me $ 50 per spark plug -LRB- and I needed 4 of them -RRB- . I was able to buy these here on Amazon at $ 17 each . Same exact spark plug , same part number for $ 68 versus the dealership 's $ 200 + price . When I asked the dealership to match the price they told me that their ` cost ' was $ 30 and did n't know how I was able to purchase the plugs so cheap . Great find !
 These are an exact match to the OEM plugs that came with my 2004 RX-8 . I am confident they will perform as long as my original ones -LRB- 8 + years -RRB- . My engine fired up strongly with these replacements and I am very happy .
 Stock Trailing Plug for Mazda RX-8 Rotary Engine ONLY.If you want to try them on say , 13B-REW , you better make sure you know what you 're doing.Make sure you Rev your engine every week or so , or else the plugs might foul quickly.Change them out no later than 25K miles . Dont believe me ? You can try to go longer and see.Oh by the way , this is probably the BEST plug for Renesis/13B-MSP engine . Unless you 're going FI , nothing works better than this plug for this engine .
 From what I 've read , these are the best plugs for the 8 . I 've had no issues with them . I replaced the last ones I had with these after my cat died and carb 'd everything up . They 're working great and cleared my misfires .
 I bought these to help my hot start issues with my 2004 RX8 . They helped a little , but I had to replace the engine eventually .
 Product is the exact has oringinal . Nothing much to say , just I 'm happy with the price I paid . Later for you dealership .
 Have done 3 or 4 replacements in my RX8 with these and the RE7CLs . It 's easy once you get the hang of it , and if you have a long enough socket extension . They seem to work very well , and I get the power right back after replacing them in the 8 .
 Factory equipment for mazda , hard to find unless you go to the dealer -LRB- over twice the price -RRB- . Happy New Year
 Castle Endura is the best automotive lubricant ever created by mankind . I am not kidding . It sprays on as a liquid and and solidifies into something the consistency chicken grease after 15 minutes or so . It wicks around surfaces to places that are had to reach , then solidifies stays in place and does a great job lubricating.In addition to basic moving parts lubrication , it is really good at blocking or preventing rust . If you have a pickup and find the bottom seam on the tailgate rusting , spray Endura on , let it solidify , and then let road dirt accumulate in it . The result is a watertight seal the completely stops rust . It is also really good in doors and tailgates , where you can spray it in drop holes and it coats the inside , slowing rust.Highly recommended !
 This item was a perfect fit for my '96 Windstar . I went to Auto Zone and Pep Boys to find a replacement mirror glass when my passenger side mirror broke , and both stores wanted over $ 30 . This item is more in the price range I was expecting .
 I had never replaced mirror glass before , so I had no idea what to expect . The instructions on the package seemed too simple.It really was as easy as the package said . Basically , you remove the broken mirror glass from a plastic tray that holds it . Scrape off any remnants of old adhesive , apply the supplied double-side tape , and carefully stick the mirror in place.I pondered a minute before sticking the adhesive first to the plastic tray , and then putting the replacement glass on it.Also , the mirror is held in place in the package by foam tape . You will want to carefully remove the tape from the back of the glass before applying . Do n't use anything too sharp or hard , as you can scratch the mirror.Overall , quite easy to install , fit exactly the make/model specified , and less expensive than buying it locally - even if it were available .
 Works great , fits fine , easily installed . Looks great with blue helmet . Has better visibility in lower light than the standard tinted variant .
 Why spend big bucks on a Razo . I replaced the Razo shift knob that was pearl white , the paint was peeling . I think I paid 75 bucks 7 years ago when I bought my 2000 Honda civic . Now with the chrome finish it matches my new Pioneer cd deck unit . Installation though , was n't as easy as the Razo . Had to to do so adjusting to get the shifting just right .
 nice little sticker . good for a car window or house window . I like the Yoda and the quote . Nice enough .
 Greased Lightning is a great cleaner if you buy the right strength . The stuff sold in grocery/discount stores is watered down . You have to go to Lowes or a hardware store to get the professional strength . Be careful though ; it will take the varnish and stain off of furniture and will ruin painted surfaces like kitchen cabinets if sprayed directly on them . You have to spray a damp cloth and then clean a painted surface starting at the bottom of the cabinet . If you spray it directly on your cabinets it will leave marks where it runs down . But for cutting gunk and grease it 's wonderful .
 Nice Pipes , no installation instructions or any paper at all . Would have been easier to installed with instructions an to have had some warranty papers
 Pipes came fast and exactly as described . Put these bad boys on my 03 VTX1800C and they sound amazing ! I even get Harley chodes saying how much they like the look and sound . Now that 's when you know you got a good set of pipes . Price was the cheapest I found at the time . Paired with Amazon Prime free membership trial , you ca n't go wrong !!!!
 Everything fit properly and it seems to be doing its job very well . There was a recall on a similar mounting plate for different vehicles , but fortunately not on this particular mount .
 I bought this tie rod for a 1990 Mazda Miata and it does fit . The product information is very convoluted , but this is an OUTER Tie rod END . It will fit either driver side or passenger side interchangeably . The photo depicts this tie rod using a castellated nut design , but mine came with a Ny-loc . It seems adequate , but a castellated nut would bring me much greater peace of mind in the long run . Other than that this part is made with typical MOOG quality - Very heavy steel or iron construction , and has a true rubber boot . This is a SEALED tie rod meaning it does n't have a zerk fitting , nor does it ever need to be greased until it breaks . After installation my steering feels rock solid and confident , where previously the car wandered down the road . I 'm only subtracting a star for use of the Nyloc nut when the OEM tie rod uses castellated nuts .
 the item was too big for my 1967 Camaro . So I could not use it.I was able to sell it to a friend that needed one for his Corvette . He liked it very much .
 It loooks great and fits the housing nice . I would recommend it . However , dont do my mistake and buy the housing and this . The housing for the side mirrors come with the mirror itself -LRB- though they never specified that -RRB- .
 Will not evaporate off metal parts , goes a loooong way . For some weird reason people use WD40 , but it 's NOT a lube , it is a Water Displacement solvent .
 The thing with grease is , over time , the heat from a high RPM device , can cause the grease to break down . Eventually it will dry up into a cake like substance , and once it has done that , it no longer lubricates . Your goal when putting in new grease , is to pump out the old grease . Grease guns do this with the pressure from the pump , and different grease guns , will operate under different PSI ranges . -LRB- Pressure Per Square Inch -RRB- I recently purchased a Lincoln Industrial air powered grease gun . When I did , I also bought a couple of these grease cartridges . When they are stalked full with them , they only cost $ 6.00 dollars a piece.When it comes to greasing bearings , mandrels , cv-joints , you want the best grease you can buy . These operate under high pressure or high temperature , and simple all purpose grease , will not cut it.INSTALLING GREASE CARTRIDGES
 Bought 3 of these after checking Net for hub Mfr 's tech requirements for their trailer wheels . Flushed old grease out with this grease and pulled trailer over 1100 miles through hot summer temps -LRB- 104 in one stretch -RRB- . Wheels never felt unusually warm . I 'm very satisfied with the sticky red grease that does n't seem to weep oil out of a grease gun like lesser , bargain greases . Ordered 3 more .
 This works well on my Shotgun -LRB- I bought it for this specific reason -RRB- the high pressure rating and the high temp keep my over/under lubed during long shooting sessions . Plus this was recommend by several individuals on shotgun forums as being ideal . Oh it also does not have leads which could melt in shotgun applications . Plus the red color lets you easily see when it the gun is dirty.ThanksBrian
 I use this as a lube on my over/under shotgun . It is the best product I found for this task .
 after my white lithium grease froze solid two winters ago I had been looking for a better longer lasting grease , this seems better , not as much moisture in it . time will tell , for now I 'm pleased . My order arrived in an unopened , undamaged carton . I would recommend this product to family & friends .
 Part arrive on time they fit to the car and smooth , good deal expense about 80buck for hole new front brake
 This pump assembly is a new design from the OE version . Installed in a client 's K1500 Suburban , works as advertised . No external fuel separator required -LRB- built in -RRB- . The only detail worth noting is the two guide rod design mandates that the pump be centered and vertical with the tank body and opening as it is seated . Unit produces a superb and stable fuel flow rate for the Delphi FJ10566 upgrade .
 Broke my mirror on my 1998 Toyota Tacoma and was happy to find a replacement for so cheap!Installing this mirror literally took 5 mins . Theres a triangular plastic trim piece to pop off from the inside of the door . Then there are 3 10mm bolts to remove the old mirror . The new mirror came with -LRB- 3 -RRB- screws , but I was able to reuse the hex bolts from the original . Fit great , ca n't tell the difference !
 mirror was broken by a trash can too close to unmarked road . i purchased online mirror and installed it as soon as the truck was driving away . the great thing is the price is one quarter oem ...
 I am satisfied with the product and it was a reasonable price . I will order other products for my toyota as result of this purchase .
 The mirror is good and fits reasonably well . I bought for Toyota Camry and it fixed nicely . Remember there are no adhesives with this product . You need to buy them separately .
 It works . My mirror was shattered . I attached it to the old mirror as instructed and it 's been working perfectly since then . It 's not a 100 % replacement but it works .
 This is a good quality mirror glass , especially for the price.Most replacement mirror glass manufacturers build front surface mirrors -LRB- mounts with the plated side out -RRB- . This is a back surface mirror -LRB- mounts with the glass out -RRB- , meaning the plated surface is protected from scratches by the glass . This means the mirror glass wo n't need to be replaced a year or two down the road due to normal wear-and-tear damaging the plating.The product came in OEM packaging , consisting of a plain box , padded bag , and plastic bag , making it essentially ready to mount . This is much preferred over display packaging , which includes the mirror attached to a piece of cardboard via double-sided adhesive . The adhesive is difficult to clean off ; I ended up discarding a different mirror because I damaged it while trying to remove glue , so the OEM packaging of this mirror glass was much appreciated.I find this product to be higher quality than the equivalent -LRB- front surface -RRB- mirror glass from Dorman .
 I ordered this Socket , back when I needed it for brake work on a medium sized truck axel , hoping to have it the next time that I might need it . Just after I received it I needed to go back into one of those wheels and it was a much quicker disassembly , and much quicker and more precise bearing adjustment when assembling . Nice socket , well built , nice finish , it should n't rust like some that I currently need to keep oiled . Thank you
 My application is for rebuilding large sand filters , so it will never see professional garage service . It certainly exceeds my expectations for what I will use it for . Its construction for stamped metal appears to be above average , but a tool review is usually worth a lot more after the tool gets pushed to its limits ... something I wo n't be doing .
 This matched the manufacturer 's fuel filter exactly . Changing a fuel filter should be done in a well ventilated area and you are guaranteed to spill some fuel . I changed my filter at about 40,000 miles because I was n't sure what octane the previous owner used . Vehicle
 Nothing like using Motorcraft on my Lincoln . Good price . At this price I can stock a few for future changes .
 I bought this filter for my 2004 Lincoln LS 3.0 V6 . The filter was the right size and appears to be very good quality . It is made in the USA as well .
 Often neglected maintenance item . Keep a fresh clean fuel filter , and you wo n't have to worry about clogged injectors , rails , and lines . Do n't remember the last time you changed it ? Do it today .
 My last Lions antenna topper was stolen . Can you believe that ?! Some people 's children , as my grandma used to say . Well , I was able to get a new one and a spare . It fits perfectly.It also has a small hole in the top of the helmet and an elastic band connected to a tiny screw , thus allowing it to be dangled.LIONS GOIN ' TO THE SUPERBOWL !
 This filter fits my 2002 Ford Focus SVT perfect.For some reason Ford Motor Company decided to `` cut costs '' and not install these from the factory . Instead they used a black filler piece which filters absolutely NOTHING . Glad I found this and it 's not a bad price .
 This jacket feels awesome . I was getting too hot with my old one , but the mesh on this one allows for plenty of air flow . I also wore it once it got colder , and with the liner installed it was plenty warm for riding in cold Connecticut winter .
 I 've ridden with this jacket a couple of times now in upper 80 weather , and when you 're moving it keeps you cool . The loose mesh and perforated leather lets the air through . I 'm sure with the liner in this will be good for cooler days , too . It has excellent shoulder , elbow , side and upper and lower back protection . It 's well made and it looks great too . I ordered the 2XL and it fit just as I expected it to . I 'm very happy with this Joe Rocket Reactor jacket , and it looks like this jacket is going to last a long time .
 the product was for my 2001 chevy prizm same as a toyota corolla.anyway it showed up on time and took less 10 minutes to attach the mirror on the passenger side.Comes with a 2 pieces tape backing and just had to attach it to the mirror and pop it in the housing.Great product beats paying for a whole new side view mirror assembly esp since the housing was still intact .
 This is a good quality mirror and a perfect fit for my 2002 Toyota Corolla . I also used a little wood glue on the back of the mirror just to make sure it stays in place in addition to the two pieces of double sided adhesive tapes that came with it .
 Was a perfect fit for 2001 Toyota Corolla . Very easy to install . Did n't had to sand it or anything . Thanks to the seller .
 It is a NGK spark plug ... You need it . It works good . For the money maybe a NGK BR8EIX might be a better deal , if you are using this for a MX after all you only need one so why not spend the extra $ 3 for Iridium . I carry an extra one of these in a CR250 `` just in case ''
 NGK plug for CR85RB , What can you say about NGK other then they are the standard in the industry . Works for our bike !
 This performance filter is solidly built and arrived on time.It is about 5 '' deep with a rubber grommet around the 3 '' mouth of the filter.Works well with cold air systems.Note This is quite heavy for a air filter.The weight comes from the chrome metal body.Prepare for a fight when you get ready to take it out the pack.Its one of those hermetically sealed jobs that will require the use of some kind of cutting deviceto free the air filter .
 This item came as described and is quite solid as evident in the weight of the Filter.All in all good buy .
 Looks well made , ca n't see through the gauze material ... but I think it might not flow enough for big engines . I 'm no racer but the cross-sectional area of the inlet -LRB- hard to describe , but because of the inverted cone part of the filter it sorta chokes itself off ? -RRB- - looks like it results in a bottleneck smaller than the 3 '' diameter outlet . Probably more than enough for 4 and 6cyl enigines but might be restrictive on big v8 's .
 Installed on my 1998 honda civic ex , has also added an air flow intake , sounds perfect . I would highly recommend this .
 the product is as good as advertised , it works well in the trunk of the car and the bed of a pickup .
 Does what it says and is accurate . I keep this in my toolbox at home due to the size . &#34; Straight in &#34; design makes it possible to get at the nubby stems I have on my tires.Only thing I wish it had is a rubber cushion around the exterior of the gauge portion .
 I was really bummed when I ran my old Accu-gage over after leaving it on my tire . I look at all kinds of gauges before I settled on this one . I am glad I did . It is accurate and the pressure release button makes fine tuning your tire pressure easy and less time consuming . I use this on a regular basis and would definitely recommend it to anyone .
 I got this item for my daughter to use on her car . She loves it and says that it 's easy for her to use . No complaints to date .
 I was using a cheapo pen gauge when I started getting into autocross events and was quickly embarrassed when I realized that I was probably one of the only people subjecting my tire safety to a device that in most cases is n't all too accurate . I started borrowing gauges similar to this one from fellow autocrossers and immediately realized i needed one when i saw not only how easy it is to read the value , but to also bleed out some excess air . When I read reviews on this gauge , I was immediately impressed by everyones responses , especially on a 20 dollar gauge . I decided to put it to the test at my next autocross event and found , to my suprise , that it was only off by about 1PSI if at all compared to the other more important gauges used amongst the enthusiasts in my local autocross club . This is a must have for those who are looking for a cheap , reliable way to not only measure their tire pressure , but also bleed out some air should they need to tweak . The only con that I will mention that others have mentioned as well is that it is a fragile piece . Although I have n't had the misfortune of dropping mine yet , it does look like the gauge face itself will break if dropped . Other than that , the cable itself and it 's connector is very sturdy .
 Works as described . It 's so easy to check tire pressure even if you have a short stubby valve . The needle stays in place after it 's disconnected from valve so you can keep your reading until the little pressure release button is pressed . Sure beats the little stick guage that ca n't get a proper reading in 20 + tries in a stubby valve . Head is straight -LRB- not angled like most -RRB- so it 's very easy to make a good connection . My only gripe is price went down $ 4 after buying it a few days . But that 's the way prices swing in Amazon .
 I noticed that my car was riding a little rough and I check my tires regulary with a pencil type guage . I decided to purchase a new dial guage to make sure the tires were not overinflated . After looking at many guages I decided on the accugage . It was a great choice . I found out that my tires were overinflated by 12 pounds . What a difference ! I also bought one for my dad and both guages give the same readings . I also like the fact that the guage holds the pressure until you press the release button . The guage is a great buy . I would suggest that you purchace the accugage cover for the guage . It is a great addition and should be included with the guage .
 This is a solidly built tire gauge . It has a bleed valve that allows you to let air out while measuring your tire pressure . This let 's you to get your tire pressure exactly right quickly . I carry one of these gauges in each of our two cars , and have found them very useful.I would recommend this tire gauge based on quality build and ease of use .
 Having had this air guage for a few years and having access to a NASCAR race team in NC through a friend I had him take it to a team shop and test it with their equipment and it was right on the money ! Enough said , if it was good enough for a several hundred thousand race car and -LRB- team -RRB- it 's good enough for my daily driver . The price certainly makes it attractive also ... why pay more ?
 I tried three guages before this one finally satisfied me.The first was the typical pen-type to replace a similar one that had lasted for years . Apparantly they do n't make them like they used to , because it was almost 20lbs -LRB- ! -RRB- off , or 10lbs , depending on it 's mood . And this with a good seal.For round two I tried a slightly more expensive , heftier , double-ended pen guage , the metal kind with the tilted head with two plugs . No matter how I tried , I could n't get a good seal on anything . Tossed it.For round three I tried a cheap-to-moderate priced round analog guage -LRB- I forget the brand -RRB- with a short solid stem -LRB- no hose -RRB- . Getting a good seal was hit-or-miss , and when it did seal , the reading was inconsistant . On the same tire , it would read 5lbs one way or the other . Another snack for the trash can.So I started looking here and reading reviews . I got this guage and love it.It seals without a single tweat of air every time . The short hose makes it easy to get the right angle , and the head was actually engineered to fit tire stems . I compared it to a trusty guage from a friend and both showed consistantly the same results.Finally !
 Having had/used the Accu-gage Tire Pressure Guage - 60 PSI w/11 inch hose for a few months now , I have to say it is the best tire pressure guage I have ever owned . I 've had others of the dial variety and this one is the most accurate . Precision is a dead on match with the GM auto pressure sensors in two of my personal vehicles . I will be purchasing another to keep in my other shop . I highly recommend also getting the Accugage Rubber Shock Absorber Cover 150256 to protect the guage in case of accidental droppage .
 Much easier on my eyes than the little pencil-size gauge you buy for a few bucks at the auto parts store checkstand . Probably more accurate , too , and has a nifty little button that allows you to bleed off air until it drops to the desired psi . All that for only twenty bucks !
 I have now purchased five of these guages from Amazon over the last two years or so for myself and family . I like the ease of use with the flexible hose and the angled connection for tightly spaced spokes on garden carts . However , one of these five gauges reads low by four pounds . The other four read exactly the same and are within six-tenths of a pound of the reading from a digital guage . I also have two other dial type guages that read low by two pounds and three pounds . My conclusion is that tire guages tend to be inaccurate , and that this brand is probably as accurate or better than most , but not perfect . One needs to compare readings with other gauges and gain confidence on which way , if any , the readings from a particular gauge need to be adjusted . That said , these gauges are the easiest to use and read that I have ever owned .
 I have used the 0-60 pound Accu-gage -LRB- s -RRB- for over ten tears . It works well enough that I own three . 1 . It works and is rugged enough . 2 . It is as or more accurate than anything else out there . 3 . I use it for cars , tractor , soaring glider , power aircraft , and sporting equipment . On none of these items do I want error.I prefer the straight angle version .
 Holds pressure reading after removed from valve stem . Well made with quality materials . Long hose provides easy access to t = valve stem .
 I bought this as a gift for my sister . I like it so much , I 'm thinking about giving her my old pen style gauge.The flexible hose makes it easy to reach the tire valve when it 's not at a convenient angle . The pressure is on par with my pen gauge.Only con
 This works as meant to work . It does reproduce tire pressure reproducably which is much better than the stick type tire gages .
 This is a very nice tire gage which appears to be well-built and also well-designed . It is easy to read with large numerals and markings . The construction is mostly brass and the bleed and hold button functions very well . The flexible hose is a plus and the nozzle seals without air loss on the tires of both of my cars , one of which has valve extenders . As best I can tell , the accuracy of the gage is quite good , within one or two pounds at most.I gave this product four stars instead of five only because it was &#34; made in China &#34; . When I e-mailed the company about this , I was advised retailers are reluctant to give shelf space to American made products if they ca n't meet the Chinese price point , even if the American made products are better quality . Consumers also seem to put price above quality . Something to think about the next time you are shopping at a &#34; big box &#34; store . You may also want to read Hedrick Smith 's book , &#34; Who Stole the American Dream &#34; , which is also for sale on Amazon .
 I like the gauge , the flexible neck and the way the gauge functions . I purchased the 60 PSI version for my vehicles which run 35 PSI as these gauges are usually the most accurate around the middle of their range . Keep in mind the accuracy of this gauge is + or - 2 PSI so if your going to check it and expect it to be right on it might not be . I think a variation of 2 PSI for a less than $ 20 gauge is acceptable.I purchased several more of these gauges as they make great Christmas gifts .
 After having the batteries wear out and losing a few small digital gauges as well as suffering from an inaccurate pencil gauge , I tried this along with another dial style gauge , a larger digital gauge , and a higher quality pencil gauge.While the Accu-gage Tire Pressure Guage - 60 PSI Range Straight Angle is a bit larger than the alternatives , it was the easiest to use and as accurate as the best of the others.By easy to use I mean :1 -RRB- Easy to connect to valve since it goes on straight -LRB- some digital and most pencil gauges are angled which means you have to develop the right technique or otherwise just have extra air shoot out -RRB- 2 -RRB- Very easy to read dial -- large and clear -LRB- some digitals are hard to read in the sun or with sun glasses on , pencils can be a bit hard to read because some numbers are obscured by the outer barrel so you have to count marks sometimes or pull the measuring stick out a bit and remember where it was in the barrel -RRB- 3 -RRB- Pressure reading is retained until released by press of pressure release button4 -RRB- The batteries will never wear out since it uses noneThe possible downsides are :1 -RRB- It is larger than many digitals and all pencil gauges2 -RRB- It may be more prone to breakage if you drop it
 I have not tested this against any other source to verify if it 's accurate , so I can not speak on behalf of accuracy . However , i love this gauge . I used to only use those 99 cent gauges you would get at the check out at Auto Zone , and I just like this one better . It 's pretty solid , the bleeder button is very convenient , and it is also very cool that the needle stays after you remove the nozzle from the tire -LRB- it stays until the bleeder button is pressed -RRB- . Overall , i found that I just like reading the pressure on a dial gauge a lot better than one of those stick gauges -LRB- especially since each gradation is 1 psi , so there 's no reading between the lines -RRB- . A digital readout would be cool , but if you get one of those than you have to always be concerned about the battery -LRB- and you know that it will die when you most need it too -RRB- . Very nice gauge .
 After my electronic gauge went kaput I perused the Amazon site looking for a replacement and came across this one which had good reviews . Bought it , used it , and asked myself why I did n't purchase a gauge like this years ago -LRB- probably the price -RRB- . This gauge is a heck of a lot easier to use than those pencil or electronic gauges which must be held at a specific angle to use and do n't do great in allowing you to adjust to the desired tire pressure . This gauge 's straight angle design is easy to place onto the tire 's valve stem and allows you to adjust the tire pressure while still attached to the valve stem by using the gauge 's valve button . The button also resets the pressure reading to zero after detaching from the valve stem . I tested its accuracy by comparing its readings to the readings from my car 's computer . The readings were right-on . From my perspective the gauge is well made and of a good quality that should last if it is not abused . In this regard , I highly recommend that the Accu-gage rubber boot be purchased to protect the gauge from any mishaps . As far as I am concerned this protector is a necessity . Hope this review helps other Amazon customers .
 I like this gauge for a number of reasons ... 1 -RRB- When you take a pressure reading , the gauge holds the reading until you push the little button at the top of the gauge and release the pressure . This may not seem like a big deal , but it really is a convenient feature to have . I consider this a `` must-have '' on any tire pressure gauge I use .2 -RRB- The flexible hose makes it much easier to connect to the tire valve .3 -RRB- The end of the hose that is pressed against the tire valve is STRAIGHT . This makes it easier to get a solid reading without lots of air escaping from the tire valve -LRB- as opposed to gauges with angled fittings which never seem to seal on the first try -RRB- .4 -RRB- The face of the gauge is large and easy to read . The display only goes up to 60psi ... so 1psi increments are larger and easier to read than 80-100psi displays . No sense in having a gauge that reads 100psi if you are never going to put more than 40psi in a tire ! 5 -RRB- This unit comes with a lifetime warranty . If it fails -LRB- and was n't abused -RRB- , just send it back with $ 2.50 and the company will repair/replace it . You ca n't beat that!Overall I am very pleased with this gauge . So far it has been very accurate.The gauge itself does feel a bit `` delicate '' for the type of duty it was designed for . The lense of the gauge feels really thin . I would n't want to drop this thing on concrete too many times , that 's for sure ! So that being said , I absolutely recommend that you spend the extra few bucks and order the ACCUGAGE RUBBER GAUGE COVER if you buy this gauge . The first time you drop it , you 'll be glad you did .
 Do n't mess w / the pen style gauges or battery operated gauges . This is acurate and very easy to use . The straight angle w / tube make it easy to check my tire pressure since my aftermarket wheel have the valve stems on the inner side of the wheel . Also holds the reading after you have got it once so no need to fuss with trying over as you mess up or could n't read the gauge .
 I bought this guage as my VW Passat was warning me that tire pressure was too low but I could not figure out from looking at the wheels which tire needed to be inflated . Modern Radial tires make it difficult to spot a low pressure tire . I had a stick type guage but could not get a consistent cold tire pressure reading from it.This guage quickly pointed me to the two back wheels and also alerted me that I had over inflated the front drivers side.The guage is easy to use readings were consistent.It is a well built quality product .
 I 've used those pen gauges my entire life , because that 's what my parents always put in my car . When I bought my first car , I thought about how much I hate those pen gauges , so I came to Amazon to see if there were alternatives . I first looked at digital gauges , because I love tech , but most of the reviews were so-so for most of those , so I settled on this one because of the price and because of the reviews . I 've used it several times now , and I love it . You just press it on the tire , and the needle jumps exactly to where the pressure is and stays at that number , until you press the reset button . It 's so simple , and it 's worked great for me so far . I would definitely recommend this for anyone looking for a tire pressure gauge for they 're car or bike !
 Reliably accurate gauge . Flexible hose makes it ez to reach difficult-to-reach valves . Display is clear and ez to read unlike some competitive products . Buy a protective boot for under $ 5 @Amazon .
 Very easy to use . Very accurate abd highly recommend it . It is nice because you can fill the tire up above the level desired and easily bleed the air out to the exact setting you want .
 This is the only Box that actually fits the 2002 Tundra without hanging over both sides . I first tried to get a box through my local auto parts stores , each time they said it would fit . What they did n't mention was , all of them hung over the side of my bed by at least an inch , -LRB- many of them more than an inch -RRB- . I am proud to report , this crossover box fits very well -LRB- no hang over -RRB- . It 's sturdy and roomy too ; the lid is very strong and pops open easily when the latch is released . The low profile allows easy rear viewing . I 'm very happy with my purchase and would highly recommend it to anyone with an 2002 Tundra . Thank you Amazon , for speedy free shipping .
 I am very happy with my TM Performance Billet Hitch Cover . I received the item a day earlier than I expected , thanks Amazon and Lasership ! The cover itself is very nice . It 's made completely of billet aluminum with a CNC 'd logo . It 's also made in the USA ! Another nice thing is that not only is the logo flawlessly painted between the chrome , but the hitch plug is also painted the same color.I installed it and it fit perfectly on my GMC factory hitch receiver with the hole lining up exactly where it should be . Overall it is a very high quality cover and seems as though it will last a long time . Definitley recommend this one or any of TM Performance 's hitch covers .
 the part was of a lesser quality than the OEM part which was not stated in the discription , the material was of a polypropylene material instead of the OEM nylon reinforced plastic , but it will work .
 I recommend them to everybody . Got it faster than promised . The price was lower than I could imagine . The quality of the product is top rate .
 after having this door handle from dec 2010 it is still work great on my car 1992 toyota camry.highly durable and recommend to other .
 I DO RECOMEND THIS PRODUCT . LOOKS LIKE ORIGINA . NO MORE PROBLEMS WHEN OPENING MY CAR DOOR , THANKS AMAZON . I DO REALLY RECOMEND THIS .
 I have been looking for an equivalent to General Motors Engine Shampoo which is no longer available . Gunk Concentrate is very close and works very well .
 Installed on my 1993 grand am se 3.3 liters , not as much power gain as i expected , but i loved the sound and i am satisfied !
 I bought and installed this thermostat -LRB- Chevy K2500 5.7 Vortec -RRB- knowing that it will perform as designed . I swear by ACDelco replacement parts . I 'm not interested in taking a chance with auto parts store cheapies . This did not come with new gasket , make sure you order one !
 Good item at a good price for a well known brand name . Should not need more words required for post but this site requires it .
 great part works well but be sure to be ready to bring it to a shop because it does n't come with anything but the muffler it self `` welding will be needed ! '' but still sounds great and runs perfect
 I bought 2 of these for a 2001 Crown Vic Police Interceptor and it cost me another $ 69 to have them installed at a local muffler shop . Overall , it was still less than most places were asking for these WITHOUT installation . The 4.6 l engine went from a grumble to a deep purr . It 's very distinct and not annoying at all .
 Very nice mufflers , sound is incredible , low but just not too much.Also good service from Amazone , good job guys !
 love it sounds great . makes my v6 sound like a v8 i will reccomend it to my friends , im sure my friends will be talking to flowmaster .
 Flowmaster is the last sound your engine will make . The units produce the perfect tone - yet at cruising speed are not adding unwanted noise . I have all my friends installing these -LRB- we all have p71 crown vics -RRB- .
 That cost me $ 50 -LRB- one hour labor -RRB- , however , overall , it was still less than most shops were asking for these with installation and it brings the rumble to my Ranger 3.0 L V-6 which now sounds great and runs perfect . Only reason it gets four stars is I was expecting clamps would be included , as was in my last muffler purchase , which admittedly was quite a while back .
 I got these for my son-in-law for Christmas . He has a 1997 Thunderbird with a 4.6 V-8 . I got him a pair of them and he had them installed . It has a nice rumble when idling and sounds aggressive when he nails it , but it is not obnoxious from inside the car either . These are nice !
 Absolute best company out there and always great products . I have always bought Flowmaster for ever car I 've done . I 'm 66 yrs young and I 've done a whole lot of Muscle Cars . best tone , high quality product and great prices ... ALWAYS !!! Only the best from Flowmaster ...
 There is a good chance that your original bases will crack if more than several years old . Be sure to order extra base to save you time and hassle .
 Seems nowadays everything uses AAA batteries or AA batteries and you barely see these used . but hey this pack is perfect for just about anyone that needs them . You know who you are . The ones with the video games , remote controls , clocks , and whatever else you need . Expecially good to get during the holidays , you should never be without .
 These batteries are the absolute best batteries , they can last forever . I got them for my nephew , and he loves playing with for hours . He can stack them , he can lick them , he can do anything !
 I purchased this particular compass because it was advertised as having an altitude . Having just traveled to the mountains for the first time , I thought this would be great to have . So I purchased it for my husband for Christmas.There is no altitude measurement dial , so that is a disappointment . But , the compass , weather , and temperature readings are accurate . It is nice looking as well .
 Worked exceptionally well . Fit the purpose of what we were looking for at a fraction of the price . highly recommend
 works very well , except the barometer which mistakes rain for clouds -LRB- no all the time -RRB- , however agood buy
 After a recent hit and run left me with one tail light , I looked into a replacement . The dealer wanter $ 130 for one and another $ 45 for installation . This would leave me with factory equipment , and unmatched tail lights . -LRB- One being 3 years older than the other . -RRB- At the urging of a friend , I looked into getting aftermarket lights.With a half-hour of time , a T15 screwdriver , and a little muscle , I managed to replace both lights without issue . The fit is solid and they look good . The main difference between these and the factory lights is that the factory lights have an amber inset for blinkers . These do not.Also , these lights use a different type of light bulb . While they are a standard size , the ones which ship with the lights are relatively cheap ones . You can get replacements at most any auto parts store . It might be easier to replace them all before installation . The ones that come with the units burn out fairly quickly .
 cheapest door guards I could find . black painted metal , no chipping yet with several weeks of use . Installs easy with pre-applied tape . Just line it up well on your door sill the first time . Fit my 2000 wrangler se very well . after applying , it requires a little more effort to make the doors shut , but not so much that its annoying . Good value for the price -LRB- $ 11 -RRB- .
 Simple product for simple task . Gives a sleeker look than having the entry lip open with same paint job , and has stood up so far . Easy to install , what else do you need ?
 I just got these door guards and they looks really solid . It 's just metal and tape ; peel and place . I held it down for about a minute and then just shut the doors since I figured that 'd help a bit more . They look sweet and way better compared to the clear piece of tape that had been applied when I got it . They shipped fast and are exactly as described . One corner was bent a bit , but it was n't an issue at all jut got a towel and a pair pliers and straightened it out .
 These are a pretty good item . Fit nice and look good . Make sure you get them centered where you want them because when they stick they are n't going to move .
 This is a great product , it wo n't fit 100 % but at least it will take care of the every day damage on your Jeep when you get in .
 These worked like a charm in a 1997 Jeep Wrangler SE , note they do come in PAIRS , i missed that in the description .
 Instead of replacing all the bushing 's it was so easy just to replace the arm with the bushing 's already pressed in .
 THE BAR WAS VERY EASY TO INSTALL.THE BAR IS NOT HEAVY AND THE FINISH IS SUPER SHINNY AND GETS A LOT OF LOOKS.I INSTALLED A SET OF CHROME 6 INCH KCHILITES THAT FIT BUT I CA N'T AIM THEM WHERE I WANT THEM TO GO BECAUSE THEY ARE TOO BIG FOR THE BULL BAR.I SUGGEST THAT YOU TRY 4 OR 5 INCH LIGHTS SO THEY CAN BE AIMED PROPERLY.I REALLY LIKE THE BAR AND IT CHANGES THE LOOK AND THE ADDED LIGHTS STILL LIGHT UP THE DARK SIDE ROADS AT NIGHT .
 My friend has had a westin bully bar on his truck for 5 years and I 've always admired it because it still looks new and has n't rusted or broken . That 's why I bought this for my lifted Tahoe . It looks great and I had no problems installing it-and I 'm a chick :-RRB- Make sure to also purchase the license plate relocator so you do n't get hassled by the cops .
 Installed this Bull Bar on a 2004 Silverado Z71 . Fit was perfect , installation was very easy . Instructions were written well and concise . Item itself is very well made and very high quality . After installed the Bull Bar was tight and strong . Absolutely NO WIGGLING or movement whatsoever . One more note ; Weston has an offer where you get a free set of lights to put on this bar , expires 9-30-08 . Check their website for the offer .
 great quality product ... have n't used yet but everything you see pictured comes in a small box ... bought to fit 91 grand marq
 Smittybilt 769401 Adjustable Door StrapI bought 4 sets of these for me and some friends , one set had 4 adjustment positions and was a little longer the other 3 had 3 adjustment positions . All had the same part number on the box . The one set that was longer makes the door open really wide in the longest position , but works fine in the other 3 . On one of the sets the stiching tore out after only a couple of weeks with no hard pulls or wind catching the door , it was being used in the one step shorter -LRB- or middle -RRB- position . The shortest adjustment position is almost too short unless you are really skinny . The middle position works great .
 I know a lot of people , especially in the chopper or MC world , eschew saddlebags as an unnecessary frivolity . I find that I just have to have a way to carry things around that does n't involve a backpack . When I bought myCruz Tools Tool Kit , the wife asked me when I was ever going to need a tool that I could n't keep in the garage . I patiently explained that the whole point of the Cruz kit was to have a comprehensive set of tools that I could use to make minor repairs on the road . With a skeptical look in her eye she then asked me where I was going to keep it - and I promptly bought theSaddlemen tool pouch . I use the tools all the time , admittedly usually in someone 's garage , but occasionally a minor fix would be needed on the road and I 've got some tools to accomplish that . And a way to carry them around.I 've tried a couple of different saddlebag vendors over the years and I 've been happiest with the bags from Saddlemen . You can get cheaper bags , and I have , but I 've always regretted it . I recently purchased some $ 40 bags , just to have something to keep stuff in when I ride . I immediately regretted it . The bags looked cheap and almost instantly started to deteriorate before my eyes . I eventually replaced every rivet holding the bags together with nuts and bolts before I decided to replace them . Saddlemen bags are extremely well made with heavy stitching , tough hardware and appear to have been designed by someone who actually rides.The tattoo series offers a touch of style beyond the usual conchos and fringe . My particular bike has a flame theme -LRB- flame stitched Corbin Gunfighter seat , mirrors , footpegs , grips , etc. -RRB- and the colors are H-D orange and black , so these bags matched my bike like they 'd been custom-made for it . That said , these bags do n't arrive ready to throw over your bike - there 's some assembly required.When the bags arrive , you have to take a few minutes and attach the cover flaps -LRB- the part with the stitching -RRB- to the bags -LRB- the part you keep stuff in . -RRB- Once you see what is needed , it really is a breeze to do , I just found the directions a little vague . One tip I can offer
 For the price , this is an excellent product . Easy push on for an accurate read . Large enough scale to not need glasses . Love being able to bleed off the air with the push button too .
 I 'm just your average car owner , I really do n't care if my gauge is within a certain percentage of actual , as long as I 'm sure my tires are all set correctly . This gauge is great , it is easy to use , I like the straight on tip . I bought the rubber housing for it and am very very happy .
 If you are tired of using cheap gauges from WM etc , you will not be dissappointed . Sure to last for years
 My wife dropped the 1st one and the guage wanked out . I like the product enough to purchase another one
 I 've owned this particular model for over 6 years and love it !! I use it for monthly tire checks on all the cars and for my motorcycle on track days .
 The gauge I 'd a good product . What you ca n't really see from the photo is the air chuck -LRB- where the user connects the gage to the tire -RRB- is a straight connection , not turned at an angle as most gauge 's are . This item is for home use , as it 's a bit lightweight to hold up for commercial use .
 THis is an excellent tire pressure gauge for most any pressure reading application . It is very accurate and automatically holds the pressure reading until released with a thumb switch . Uses a flexible hose to reach any tire valve -- no matter how hard to reach . The only problem is that this is not a one hand quick use tool . When you take a reading with one hand , the dial hangs down while you press into the tire valve . You need 2 hands to simultaneously take a reading and read the gauge dial result .
 I have owned different variations -LRB- with & without hose -RRB- of this air gauge for years . It is made of brass with 4 moving parts . It is accurate , consistent and reasonably priced . The quality and durability are very good for an air gauge in this price range . Remember , when buying an air gauge , the pressure you plan to use it for needs to be in the middle of the range of the gauge for best accuracy . If you are checking car tires in the 28-35 PSI range you want to buy a 0-60 PSI gauge . If you are using it on trailer and truck tires that operated at 45-60 PSI you want a 0-100 PSI gauge . Also , when checking tires it is best to check them when the tires are cold . The recommended pressures stamped on the side of the tires , in the owner 's manual etc. are for cold tires . When driving the tire temperature rises due to heat generated by friction so any reading you take when the tires are hot will be high and not accurate .
 The straight angle fitting with the flexible hose is the easiest gauge to use without loosing air due to mis-alignment when using . You hold the gauge with one hand such that it is facing you for easy reading , and have the other hand to use to handle the fitting end . The straight angle fitting is much easier to align than the angled head type units ; and the straight , narrow , metal end reaches easily into places that other gauges will not go , thereby also being easier on your hand and obtaining accurate readings . The gauge is accurate . The gauge holds the pressure reading after taking a reading , this allows for easy viewing of the reading . The pressure reading is then released from the gauge by pressing the pressure release button on the side of the gauge . This button can also be used to easily and accurately release pressure from a tire as may be needed . The gauge 's pressure range -LRB- 100 psi -RRB- is appropriately designed for the common air pressure readings of standard automobile tires -LRB- 35 psi -RRB- and the compact spare tires -LRB- 60 psi -RRB- . One of the best and most accurate air pressure gauges for the price .
 This is an accurate and well made pressure gauge . After a couple of months mine had a problem `` holding '' the reading after removing valve from stem . No problem . Mailed it back and got a new one ! Lifetime warrranty . No questions asked , and made in USA . ` nuff said .
 I purchased the Accu-gage after giving up on an electronic model I spent alot more for . It shipped promptly , and to my surprise , they included a protective rubber cover separately , and at no charge . The gauge is very accurate , easy to use just as described , and truly holds a reading until you release pressure with the relief button . It 's a GREAT value .
 This gauge seems to work just fine ... I have really only used it a handful of times , but it forms a good easy seal to the tire valve and multiple readings on the same wheel are always the same , so it seems consistent . After using it to get all four tires to their recommended pressures , the car 's pressure warning indicator dimmed , so this is the evidence i need that the gauge is accurate as well.The bleeder valve is very handy -LRB- you do n't really realize it until you 've had to use one without it -RRB- and the long hose allows you to make a tight seal with one hand while taking a reading with the other . It also holds the last reading until you press the release valve button - very nice.Overall quality is good and the price is very reasonable . I expect this gauge to last a long time , so I am happy with my purchase . Wholly recommended .
 I like the gauge , the flexible neck and the way the gauge functions . I purchased the 100 PSI version for my vehicles which run 50 PSI as these gauges are usually the most accurate around the middle of their range . Keep in mind the accuracy of this gauge is + or - 2 PSI so if your going to check it and expect it to be right on it might not be . I think a variation of 2 PSI for a less than $ 20 gauge is acceptable.I purchased several more of these gauges as they make great Christmas gifts.I 've found this gauge much easier to use than my old gauges and as a result find myself more consistent on checking the tire pressure on all of my vehicles .
 THIS IS THE EASIEST GAUGE I 'VE USED AND HAS A HOLD THE READING UNTIL A RELEASE SWITCH IS PUSHED . ALLOWS YOU TO BRING IT UP TO WHERE YOU CAN READ IT WITHOUT HAVING TO KNEEL ON THE GROUND TO SEE THE READING WHILE IT 'S CONNECTED . A-1
 The gauge works great and holds the air pressure until relelased with the button . Been looking for a gauge with these features for some time.Bought the gauge with the rubber protection boot and tire depth gauge . NOT A GOOD IDEA unless you like paying exorbetent shipping costs ; paid separate shipping for each item since each item is from a different company -LRB- as I was rudely informed by one of the companies reps -RRB- . Buy the gauge and that 's it . If the suggestion is to buy three -LRB- or however many items -RRB- together , it is my opinion the suggested package be bundled and REDUCE SHIPPING . Smart a -- remarks from company email answering reps is not appreciated .
 I got this tire gauge after I saw my son using it . I had a digital one but it was hard to see . As a person who absolutely hates putting air in my tires , I think I have found the gadget that will help the most with this onerous task ! It 's easy to use , accurate and the numbers are big enough to see without my glasses .
 I needed a pressure guage that is accurate and easy to use and read in awkward locations . This well made item does the job well .
 fits the lower radiator hose perfectly . good product , no problems during the installation of this hose.I would buy again , and price was right .
 Very nice quality and my truck is blue , so it looks perfect . I would buy another one of these in the future .
 I 've been researching this series for installation in my muscle car . The 942451 -LRB- just like all the 942xxx mufflers -RRB- is aluminized steel , NOT stainless . If you want the STAINLESS STEEL mufflers , you need to purchase the 842451 -LRB- or 842xxx , depending on which one you want -RRB- . It looks like they are about $ 35 more but , being stainless , they 'll probably last forever.This is the second incorrect description I 've seen here for the 50 Series Delta Flow mufflers . If I were you , I 'd check the Flowmaster website to make sure you get what you REALLY want .
 Put this on a Ridgeline and other than being a tad on the quiet side sounds perfect . Gave it that low growl I was looking for without making it sound sick like alot of V6 with aftermarket mufflers .
 The Chevy hitch cover is sold metal , feels like it weighs close to 5lbs . This is a lot sturdier than I expected . It looks great , and definitely gets some looks in the parking lot .
 Got the cover in two days and put on my 31 '' spare . Pulled it back off to adjust and the elastic cord broke . The ends of the elastic were poorly connected . Luckily , my mom knows how to sew , so we un-stitched the outer part some and I used a copper wire crimp to crimp the two ends back together , than sewed it back up . Works great . Some may say I should have returned it for being defective , but for a $ 9 tire cover , shipping it back would have been pointless .
 What can I say , it covers the tire to protect it from UV , and is cheap . Why buy an expensive one ?
 Easy fit , looks good . Price right.People recognize these and steel them.My last one lasted less than one hour in a Sam 's parking lot.debgann
 This cover fits my P265/75R16 spare - nice tight fit . The only negative is that the finish on the cover is a little shiny - looks like a plastic bag . The amazon picture does not show this shine . The shine may fade over time . If you do n't like this look - you might try a denim cover .
 I paid around $ 20 for the drivers side mirror ... a lot cheaper that I could have gotten it from a store . I 'm not sure if this is typical for these mirrors , but it never stays in place after being adjusted . There is a torx screw under the mirror to tighten it ... but I can never just get the mirror to aim correctly . It was , however , sufficient to pass inspection : -RRB-
 After having a 95 jeep , with all origional parts , my husband tried to help me adjust my driver sdie mirror , and proceeded to break it right off . After an attempt of putting a metal type of putty on it and reapplyinf the the now fixed morrir , it proceeded to fall off while traveling . Breaking itno smithereens . Had to buy a replacement . as much as I really did n't want to . This mirror looks good , of course installation was a breeze . It does wiggle a bit , but I will try to tighten the bolt under the arm . It comes with 3 SCREWS . the orig . has # 25tb , so I used them instead . and the new one comes with a PLASTIC ` buffer plate ' the origional is rubber . So again , I used the origional .
 I purchased this mirror to replace the original . I 'm very happy I did . It 's exactly like the original and makes my jeep look great ! It comes with the bolts and allen wrench to tighten the mirror so it does n't wiggle around while driving . Excellent mirror I 'm totally happy ! Thanks !
 very happy with mirror it fit perfect would order again mirror was wrapped in a soft cloth so it did ` nt break or get scratched . thank you
 Went off-road & a stone shattered my mirror . Checked around at dealerships and other off-road shops for a replacement mirror , shocked to find out how much they wanted . This mirror is exactly what I needed at a great price . Comes with everything you need to install . Great item . Thank you .
 This seems to be a good product . Its small enough to fit into a laptop bag . It was able to provide enough power to run my laptop while on a short roadtrip . The fan is a bit noisy but is easily drowned out by road noise . I havent had the chance to use the plane power adapter yet bus suspect that it will work fine as it the car power adapter is simply a plug that goes in to the cigarette lighter in the car and the plane adapter then plugs in to that . All in all this is good product and worth the money for any one that need power on the go , and is considerably cheaper than buying an Automotive/Airplane power adapter from you laptop manufaturer .
 This is a really good drop hitch . I 've been using Reese for about 30 years now and they hold up over the years .
 Great Price , Great looking push bumper , easy to install and it sure does make my Taho much better looking .
 I bought this Westin Bull Bar for a 2003 Checy Tahoe . It looks great and had holes pre drilled to mount my 130 watt KC Daylighter long range spot lights . The only issues I had were that with the skid plate installed you can not get a socket inside to adjust or tighten the lights , and to remove it you had to cram a Allen key in , and was easiest to do so with the bar off the truck . Secondly the four bolts that hold it to the frame , well one arrived with a nut that was mismanufactored in that the threads were not able to make it past two turns onto the bolt . Westin 's customer service was horrible at replacing it -LRB- they never did -RRB- . I was told they would get me another bolt and nut out ASAP . However did n't hear anything back for a week , and upon calling back in was told they didnt have a record of me ever calling . Being that it was the nut that was bad and not the bolt with a pre welded plate attached that was crap , I was able to get a replacement at Home Depot for 39 cents . Overall it 's it a good looking product with a cosmetic skid plate and some horrible manufactoer backing .
 good product I would recommend this tie rod to any one they are well made and of good quality material
 I am in the midst of a complete engine rebuild for my 1982 Honda Civic . The head gasket I had purchased from another supplier was damaged , so I ordered this one . It is in perfect condition , and was delivered promptly . I hope to finish the engine today .
 Easy to install , noticeable power increase . Price seems high for a couple rubber and plastic parts . K & N has a place on their web site to be notified when a certain product becomes available , well it does n't work ! Never heard from them , I found this part on a UK parts site .
 I decked out a used car that I got my wife for Mother 's Day with all of this Betty Boop stuff . She loves it ! -LRB- I kinda like it too . -RRB-
 I really like these mats , I have them in the back of my car along with the full mats in the front . they look real cute in my car .
 Great sticker , not too big , not too small . I love the way this looks on the back of my truck . Excellent choice .
 Wife just purchased a new -LRB- used -RRB- vehicle & already had something to dangle from her mirror-so this seemed like a nice little addition for her back window . She was really surprised & gave me a nice &#34; thank you &#34; hug , & kiss , & so on ... so it definitely rates five stars on my scale !
 One of my favorite stickers . Still looks like it did the day I received it in the mail and has been on my car for years .
 The best price !!! Install was a piece of cake !! Took me 30 mins ... just cause it was windy as heck when I was doin it !! Looks real nice !! Thanx Amazon !!
 Very nice product but the hardware was very cheap . I had to run to Lowes and pick up so good Stainless Steel hardware . You would think for the price they could include it . The package was terrible and most of the box ripped when delivered , hardware missing , but the bar was not damage . Should have been packaged and shipped much better .
 I bought this bull bar for my Ford F150 Fx4 . It is a bold looking bar and demands a second glance driving down the road . Very solid/sturdy and the install was about 30 minutes with 2 people . I miss my tow hooks but I 'll live cause this bar is worth it . Overall the price is right and it 's a bold looking bull bar . Give it a go ! ~ Adam
 My dad is a huge outdoorsman . He is a terrific bow hunter , fisherman , etc. . I usually do not have any luck finding bow hunter merchandise , but was glad to find this sticker . He loved it !
 I have to say , it 's hard to find a digital gauge that is easy to get a reading from . I 've tried worse -LRB- I returned it -RRB- but I kept this one . Not that it is great , but it 's good enough to get a repeatable reading once you have the alignment with the tire stem just right .
 What a pleasure to find these plugs available via Amazon ... received them within three days , no shipping cost and no state tax ... and more reasonably priced than any of the aftermarket automotive stores.I 've always been a proponent of NGK plugs going back to the 60 's when i horsed around with high performance motorcycles . I never had a bad NGK plug , never `` ventilated '' a piston with incorrect heat range , never had one seize in aluminum heads -LRB- always use anti-seize anyway !! -RRB- , and always got excellent lifespan.These plugs went into my '02 Toyota 4Runner , so I 'm good to go for another 30K miles . Enjoy !
 We use these tubes for floating on a river . They are a good size for kids . These work ok for small to average size adults . I do n't think a large adult would be able to balance on one of these .
 Tube type tires are pretty rare these days so finding a tube can be difficult . Amazon came through with a good quality inner tube at a great price , shipped it quickly and solved my problem .
 I got this for my pool in the winter and it is still there ...
 I brought it to save my old tire . The tire had a punctured on the side of the tire so I use as a inner tube to save my 65,000 miles warranty tire . It works good and I am still driving ... . Thank you !
 Very small inner tube and be used bt my grandchildren other wise not big enough to use in pool under pool cover . I guess I should look for track inner tube . It is still ok for kids to play with .
 My grandchildren had a great time in the ocean with this tube . It 's not as big as they were in the 60 's , but it worked fine . I 'm 5 ' 9 '' and 170 and I was able to ride it too . Today kids have everything , but this was one experience they never had before ... AND it 's in perfect shape for next year !
 I was pleased with the inner tub , high quality and reliable , I have no complaints!I will buy more in the future ! This item is a favorite of mine and my daughter Saber ~ !
 This product is a solid chunk of steel weighing in at a hefty 13 pounds and nicely fit and finished , I have used it to pull my 20 ' X 84 '' utility trailer without any issue . Not much more to say .
 This is a heavy duty hitch , solid steel , could pull down a skyscraper with it , indestructible , fast shipping . What more can I say
 Bought this to pull the travel trailer we are living in while our house is being buit after being destroyed in the joplin tornado
 The plastic material of this product feels like taken out of a really cheap kids toy ... but thats the only bad imprresion I found on it , it works great and the bleeder valve is awesome ...
 What can I say ... it is a basic gauge and it works . It feels cheap and is very light , but I guess thats what $ 3 buys me . Aside from that , its nice as a spare to keep in the car .
 It may not be the best tire pressure gauge out there but it does what it 's meant to do and it 's hard to beat the price . It feels rugged , being covered in rubber , except for the tube part which is plastic . I covered that in electrical tape just to make sure it does n't break . Otherwise it seems to be measuring pretty accurately and the bleeder button is great .
 I have only used it a few times , but it does what it 's supposed to do . It looks like it 's going to last many many years , unlink my last cheap digital gauge that died after two years .
 The Weston bull bar is proved great from amazon plus it looks great installing on your truck in little time ! Thanks Amazon
 so the packaging said it was for a toyota corolla hence the improper fit . only enough to where the stick part is on the edge . the 3m double sided tape works like a dream so having some tape touching does n't even affect it . i love the slimness too . looks great
 It fits great looks perfect . It is the exact thing that we were looking for for my husbands new truck
 This was easy to install and i felt the difference immediately . Will definitely buy this brand again . I 've had it on for 2 weeks now and it 's smooth sailing
 It fits great looks perfect . It is the exact thing that we were looking for for my husbands new truck
 DashMat 's are great . I have one in each of my vehicles . With this particular order , the mat did not fit the car .
 I was looking into making my Northstar-powered Cadillac audible -LRB- they did a good job at muffling the sound -- the only way you know you 're going fast is you see the tire marks in the rear-view mirror and objects getting smaller -RRB- . That said , I did n't want to be the `` hey look-at-me '' guy down the street that announces his arrival and departure obnoxiously.So I wanted a classy sounding sporty exhaust note , and that 's exactly what these Delta 50s provide . They have a delta chamber that cancels out a lot of resonance.They were significantly louder in my Eldorado Touring Coupe than they are in my Deville DHS , probably due to more sound-proofing in this sedan . Yup , I 've bought two sets of two and I recommend them . For those wanting more sound go to the Delta 40s and even more ? Delta 44s . Oh by the way I had to remove the resonator too.I may opt to go with Delta 40s if I could do it again on the Deville .
 Replaced a rusted-out muffler with the Delta 50 on my 2001 Ford Ranger . I like the sound of the Delta 50 because it is a deep , non-ricey sound . Had the muffler welded on -LRB- with 2 brackets -RRB- by a local welder for under $ 100 .
 Needed a new muffler , bought this , welded it on at a local body shop for 40 $ , sounds amazing . Great investment
 Item was delivered promptly and appeared as advertised . My 89 F250 runs much more consistent after the installation of this cable . Would have appreciated some adjustment information since the cruise control was a little off due to replacement of the previous stretched cable .
 I bought this mat for my 2010 Tacoma TRD and am totally satisfied with the product .1 -RRB- very nice quality2 -RRB- cut and shaped to my truck 's dash shape3 -RRB- the mat does slide down -LRB- over -RRB- , but it includes three velcro strips you can paste in the back of the dash so the mat stays in place -LRB- even when off-roading ! -RRB- 4 -RRB- I made a small test on the dash , to make sure the adhesive would not damage my dash , since it was a new truck . It came out fine .5 -RRB- packaged in a small box , rolled , so there are no creases .6 -RRB- wo n't cover the defrost vents , so you can keep it at all times .7 -RRB- the vendor claims it wo n't reduce any performance on the dash-mounted speakers , which is why speakers are not cut out . Since Tacomas do n't have speakers on the dash , this was a non-issue for me anyways.I would definitely recommend this for anyone looking for a custom-fit dash mat . I could have gotten it at any local car-accessory store for $ 10 more -LRB- in average -RRB- . Free shipping + no tax , ca n't beat the deal !
 Got my Dashmat on time as always with Amazon very easy to install . Only problem I have with it is it 's about 1 '' short of covering the dash on the drivers side , fits real well everywhere else unfortunetly the vent cut outs do n't allow you to move the dashmat to compensate for the shortage . Dashmat may need to re-measure for the newer trucks this particular model fits 2005-2008 Toyota Tacoma Dashmat do some home work the 2008 interior is wider than any previous model .
 Easy to place , stays put , saves the dash from horrid sun damage . But the most important reason I got it is because the gray original vinyl casts a reflective glare on the inside of the windshield . You need a flat surface , black , to kill this reflection . This does the trick .
 I got one for my self and liked it so much I got one for my son , daughter and daughter-in law . Really nice for the price . The one for my daughter 's 64 Ford even fit nicely !
 It fit the truck perfectly and has stayed put . Took a little while for it to flatten out but it 's working great . Saving the dashboard !
 My truck runs high pressure valve stems and never lower than 65 psi ; load range E . This is the only gauge I trust to keep my truck safe . It does double duty on high pressure bike tires . And I carry a lower range accu-gauge in every other road going vehicle I have , motorcycles and cars . The release lets me fine tune the pressure as closely as I need to . Set your pressure when tires are `` cold '' , or within 3 miles of starting a trip .
 It was a perfect fit and does n't fade I had a Dodge truck before and the dash is cheap sun tears it up this works great
 Was a gift for my husband - per his request -LRB- smile -RRB- . He seems to love it so I guess that 's all the review one needs !
 I have used the inclinometer now for over a year and it has held up well . It is a simple design and can be mounted easily wherever it has to be . The accuracy is good and the movement is free and also adjustable . I have another that has been mounted for several years and has been heat warped at the top from the internal light . That was a bit dissapointing even though the movement was not affected , but for the price I am not discouraged from sticking with this specific product . Smittybilt has always , in my opinion , produced good offroad products for a very competitive price . I have a number of other products and have been very satisfied with all .
 bought this item as a gift , color and material was great . It fitted perfectly on the dash with minimun adjustment .
 I found this exact part at local automotive stores for MUCH more . This was a good price and it shipped quickly .
 Seems to be a nice quality set . Nothing on the box indicates the country of origin , though the chain links are stamped USA . I 'll assume the gears are made here too but I 'm not positive . A very decent looking chain and gear set with the added benefit over a stock chain of having 3 timing index positions and being roller link .
 Fit nicely on 98 Cherokee Sport . Sounds really good as well . I would recommend to anyone that wants to liven up the exhaust .
 Well this is what my Honda powered Craftsman lawn mower requires and it does the job just fine . NGK is what came out and NGK is what went in . The old plug lasted me over two years and to be honest it did n't show fouling or too much wear on the electrode .
 Its a new spark plug . It works . I 'd like to say it added HP , speed and torque ... . but I have my doubts .
 No lack of quality here . Threads are good , insulator is solid , tip screws off if you have the other style connector . Does what it should .
 Getting a genuine spark plug for almost half the cost as compared to every other place was a smart deal .
 No problems with these plugs . I put this plug in my 2006 Yamaha Raptor 700R to replace the cheap plug the previous owner had installed . Tip
 I have a Honda Mower ... Spark Plug fits great and the mower purrs like a cat . Torqued the spark plug to 18 ft-lb with a torque wrench . Did n't specify that with the spark plug or the mower manual , but that 's the torque setting that I use on both my cars for spark plugs ... not much different and it works .
 Good replacement for the original in our Honda engine Husqvarna Mower.Husqvarna 7021R 21-Inch 160cc Honda GCV160 3-In-1 RWD Self-Propelled Lawn Mower -LRB- CARB Compliant -RRB- Excellent quality and price .
 I looked and looked , but could not find these plugs at any retailer in my state . I use them in my 2002 Polaris PWC -LRB- `` JetSki '' -RRB- . Having just the right plug for these engines is important . I went to a local Polaris dealer and was first offered a `` substitute '' that would run hotter -LRB- rejected that idea ; they just had the plugs on their shelf and wanted to make a sale -RRB- and then was offered a mail order option -LRB- each plug would cost $ 20 plus any shipping charges -RRB- . I said , `` No thanks , I 'll check Amazon . '' I did check Amazon and two days later I had the plugs I needed for a great price -LRB- i.e. , a typical price for a plug , not 4 or 5 times the typical price -RRB- . With the Prime membership , the shipping was free . What 's not to like ?
 Not much to say about a spark plug . It worked perfectly in my lawn mower , no complaints at all . It took a minute to gap it and install it .
 This is an outstanding quality , original equipment spark plug that will give new life to your small gasoline motor . This one in particular went into my Honda GX200 motor attached to a pressure washer . I noticed an immediate improvement in smoothness and starting after installation . I 've never had any quality issues with any NGK plug I 've used over the years - quality is top notch . Be sure to size the gap to your particular application , however , as the factory gap is not universal to all motors . -LRB- unlike some modern automotive plugs that are pre-gapped to a specific distance and are not meant to be adjusted -RRB- While it is convenient to get this item by mail , the value is dependent on cost and availability from local retailers . Therefore , weigh the current cost of this plug against the time and mileage you 'd spend getting this for less at a local store.It is easy to recommend this high quality , long lasting plug for your your next small motor tune up .
 I needed a spark plug for my Honda mower and this guy fit the bill . The gap was pre-set just where it needed to be . Everything is working fine so far .
 I was very satisfied with the NKG spark plugs purchased for my outboard boat motor
 I too had a Honda lawnmower that I purchased this for . I was having some troubles with my lawnmower not starting - more likely due to my fault for the maintenance . I had performed the easy stuff like oil , air filter and fuel replacement but still could not start it . Once I replaced the spark plug it started up ! I 'm happy and so is the wife ! Did I HAVE to use this exact spark plug ? No I did not have to , but I chose to stick with what was recommended by the manufacture.The only gripe I had was that the shipping was more than the part due to what I believe was related to a distributor 's catalog . Later the company made it right by refunding my shipping cost . That was appreciated .
 Can not say anything since winter has approached big time.Have to wait until spring or summer to really try it .
 It 's a spark plug . It is just the right combination of porcelain and metal . When you apply an electrical current from a magneto to the terminal located on one end , that current passes through the spark plug body where it encounters just the right amount of resistance . It then arcs across the electrode at the other end . As the current arcs across the electrode , it ignites the fuel in the cylinder of my lawnmower engine . The resulting explosion drives the piston through it 's power stroke thereby making my motor run . By way of a series of pulleys and gears the running motor causes my mower blades to turn and I get to mow the lawn . If my lawn was emo , would it cut itself ?
 I liked the product was what I expected and very good quality to recommend them all very good product when I can come back to buy
 That 's a spare I got for my generator -LRB- Yahama EF2000is -RRB- Nothing much to say besides that this fits i , t and is the one the manufacturer recommends.I can not say what gap it comes with as I need to set it to what I need anyway . -LRB- I 'm using a propane conversion for my generator and will gap at 0.2 -RRB-
 If you have Honda powered lawn and garden equipment and like to do your own maintenance then you 're likely to become very familiar with this spark plug . I like having consumables for my small engines on the shelf in my garage and since I have 4 or 5 Honda powered pieces of equipment I usually have 2 or 3 of these plugs on the shelf . It 's nice that Honda uses the same plug on several different sizes of engines .
 I purchased this for my 2007 Yamaha V Star 1300 . It 's just a basic spark plug and it works just like it should . I rode all summer and did n't experiance so much as a hiccup on the bike .
 it 's a NGK sparkplug , reliable brand and it works ... . not sure what else I can say about it . I used it in my generator and it runs smooth , nice to have a spare at a reasonable price too .
 Not much to say . This was the spark plug recommended for my motorcycle -LRB- 2005 Suzuki SV650 -RRB- and it seems to be working great .
 Got this to tune up my honda powered MTD mower , it works fine , I usually change it every year for easier starting .
 With this and a new air cleaner my Honda GX200 pressure washer is running like it did brand new . Good replacement spark plug .
 I almost forgot that my Mule needs two spark plugs like this one , so I decided to buy another one . Now I am totally relieved that I finally have the right number of spark plugs for my Mule . It is a good thing that I refered to the manual for the right kind of spark plug because this is it . If anyone else has a vehicle that requires this kind of spark plug , make sure you remember how many you need for it . And set the gap according to your owner 's manual as well . It will really help if you do it right .
 Fast Service , product as described . The price was right too . It is much easier to buy this product on line than to find one in a local store .
 I have a 2004 Ranger 3.0 L v6 , the headers fit fine but you probably will have to readjust your exaust so loosen everything on the ypipe , also in the description it says no-egr valve -LRB- wrong -RRB- it has one , -LRB- not huge for me as I am a welder so I welded it closed -RRB- . otherwise fit well enough . Note be careful taking out old manifold bolts as they do n't come out easy especially the top ones -LRB- had to drill one out , nasty spot -RRB- . definitely better than the stock manifolds and helps the fuel economy , which is why I changed them .
 This pump is the first foot pump I 've seen in 25 years that is substatial enough to not fold up when you step on it . It is harder to pump due to the 2 cylinders and if you are a `` low weight '' person , you should consider another product . Perhaps the HD single pump?My 100lb daughter was able to stand on the pump with both feet and it did n't collapse . In fact I had it hooked up to my bike tire at 38psi and she could n't compress the pump . So you need to have mass to use this pump.The hinge points need to be lubricated -LRB- I used motorcycle chain spray -RRB- and some WD40 needs to be squirted into the holes in the back of the cylinders , to lubricate the O-rings . Then it will last for 25 years.The nozzle is a bit hard to get on and off , but if you put some vaseline on a valve tip and work the nozzle around a bit , it works fine.This pump will outlast the rubber hose they provided , but that can be replaced with fuel tubing from any automotive store -LRB- at what 10 cents a foot ? -RRB- , then the hose will last for many years.Overall , this is a very good product . It has replaced my very old foot pump that is falling apart.I bought a second one for my son I liked it so much .
 I got this for my car as a back up when my electric pump began to fail . I was amazed at how well it works ! It is faster than my old pump at inflating a low tire and it does not require a lot of strength to work it . My only problem is attaching the nozzle to the tire valve correctly . I usually have to reattach it 2 to 3 times before I get it right ; if it is on wrong you 'll get a lot of resistance when you press down with your foot .
 Seems like the pump is good and the air chuck is bad ... So just replace it with a clamp-on air-chuck # 6140A61from McMaster/Carr . Fixes it right up and the air chuckwill prob ` ly out last - you - let alone the pump ? ; -RRB- Update : While fixing bicycle tires the kids tried using it andstepped on the gauge which bent the manifold and thatcaused it to leak at both cylinders . Had n't figured outa way to repair it at this point . : / Up until then pump and especially the new clamp-on airchuck worked great ! No kidding . : -RRB- I 'm buying another and keeping this one away from myfavorite mocosos . ;-RRB- -LRB- my first review -RRB- Alvin in AZ
 This is a great product . Anyone who thinks this is n't doing its job has n't spent their time prepping.I 've been testing primer/aerosol paint combinations in preparation for fixes to some motorcycle ABS . This promoter is the clear winner . Every test that 's been run over fairing ABS plastic has illustrated that the Fusion colors go on smoother and cleaner using this as a primer than directly over sanded and prepped plastic -LRB- which Fusion is chemically designed to do -RRB- or over standard flexible primers . Now that I 'm seeing these results I 'm considering painting my whole fairing and tank using this and Fusion .
 This adhesion promoter is extremely effective . You can use it with ANY TYPE OF SPRAY PAINT . I used it to prime an XBOX 360 controller for painting , and have been using the controller for over a year now . Just do n't put too much , because it will eat through the material . I recommend buying a clear coat for whatever paint you are using to ensure proper protection .
 I used this on my fender flares on my Jeep YJ . About 1 week ago I cleaned them up really well and primed them and used a spray can bedliner on them . It is holding up great after a couple of storms and a wash with high pressure water . I would recommend only if you plan on doing the prep work right .
 I got this and have used it on all of the paint jobs I 've done thus far so I ca n't speak to how well it works over painting with no kind of adhesion promoter but I do know that I 've painted my front and rear bumpers -LRB- were chrome -RRB- and a replacement billet aluminum grille and the paint has been on for months now . . I 've had no peeling , no flaking and it all still looks like a factory job . Although I think that was the paint and not my painting skills , it had the same result . A great look and thus far no issues with anything I &#8217; ve painted . I can only say one note for application . You definitely need the right lighting for application because it was hard -LRB- for me -RRB- to follow the coating as you go back and forth across something large like a bumper because it fades right into the material you 're applying it to . A good light at the right angle with help with this greatly . I highly recommend this product .
 Really made my 72 Dodge Challenger seat project come out great . First cleaned part with TSP , followed by dewax / degreaser stage , adhesion promoter then color coat . Turned out like new .
 I recently blacked out my grill/tailgate badges and hubcap centers after reading about doing so on several on-line forums . What I learned was that everyone that did not use an adhesion promoter had chipping , flaking or bubbling shortly thereafter . So , if you are going to the trouble of cleaning , scrubbing and sanding/scuffing your items , why not make sure your paint will securely adhere to the surface ? It 's inexpensive and this can will last for many applications . You do n't need much to give you peace of mind that you wo n't be sanding your project multiple times.I used 2-3 coats per item . You can apply additional coats after 2-3 minutes and then apply your paint within 10 minutes of final promoter coat . Since I am writing this review in winter , please make sure to use in a ventilated area as the fumes are strong .
 Used this to prep my grills before I painted them . Seems to hold up better than just simply painting them . Recommend this to anyone painting plastic . Fusion plastic paint used with this product .
 I used this to prep some plastic trim pieces for paint . I sanded all surfaces with 600 grit sandpaper prior to paint , washed them with water then wiped them down with denatured alcohol.I used the Exact Match Duplicolor paint followed by a fairly expensive clearcoat and the parts came out well.I went through 2 cans to coat my Dodge Dakota 's grill and the left and right headlight bezels and had enough to give them a couple of coats.I knocked one star off because it can be hard to tell what you 've painted . The only indication it 's been primed is the part appears slightly more satin-finished than before.I 'd use this exclusively for bare plastic parts if possible and a normal primer for parts that already have coatings or are not plastic .
 Dried within minutes , plastic mirrors and plastic trim look new again . Recommended to use with Dupli Color Bumper Paint . It is a clear primer for automobile plastics .
 Have been trying to verify the problem with my weed-eater only to find that no one carries this little spark plug . Found them on line and was able to move forward in my diagnostics .
 Used this as a replacement for my Craftsman tractor . Spark starts the engine instantaneously . Great replacement plug to revamp your tractor 's performance .
 What can I say-it 's a spark plug . A very SMALL plug . And a VERY HARD TO FIND spark plug . I spent a good bit of time finding this plug , and as usual , Amazon came through.It is for my Craftsman 4-stroke multi-tool -LRB- weed eater/trimmer/blower / hedge clipper/etc . -RRB- / Even Sears has to special order this , which requires two trips to the store . So buy it here and save money on gas .
 These spark plugs fit many of my small engines.I t sure beat the price at the local hardware store.It sure makes it easy to just react up on my shelf and get a plug.Great deal .
 I ordered this for my weed eater because they no longer sold it in local stores . I was nervous to order one but it came in and worked great .
 My backpack blower was becoming listless so I decided a tuneup was in order . I tried to purchase this spark plug locally but was unsuccessful in doing so . As usual , Amazon came through with exactly what I needed and it was quickly delivered in excellent condition . I replaced the old plug , cleaned the air filter and the blower is back up to speed .
 This merchant had the right product at a fair price and delivered in a timely manner . I will buy from them again .
 -LRB- I copied this over from my 5w30 review because I talk about both products here -RRB- A lot of reviews here talk about the product itself , and I think they have hammered the point that RP is one of the best synthetics that you can buy , up there with oils like Redline . I purchased my '10 RX8 in May 2010 with 16 miles on the clock and have been babying her ever since . After a few goes at conventional oil to break in the engine , I switched over to the RP after some great suggestions by the rx8 community . In doing so I took care to be very meticulous about my oil changes , performing them every 3000 miles , and saving samples to send to Blackstone labs just to make sure that the oil was doing a good job and that my engine was healthy . I ran the RP 5w30 in the winter , and then ran their 10w40 in the summer and had absolutely no problems . Once I changed out my first interval of the 10w40 , I sent the samples over to BSL -LRB- ~ $ 40 total to sample both -RRB- to check the results . Although the numbers were above average , the Viscosity numbers were a tad low ... . not alarmingly low , but I expected them to be stable considering that this is a premium oil . The guys over at BSL assured me that this was completely normal , and because my car only has 10k miles on it now , it could just be residuals from breakin/conventional oil use/some 5w30 that stayed in the sump when i put the 10w40 . In any case , I sent my reports over to the folks at RP just to have them take a look-see . Within a few hours I got back a reply from the RP team pretty much confirming what the guys over at BSL said . Along with that , they stated that they wanted to continue monitoring my use just to be 100 % sure that their assumptions are correct . They sent me free sample kits and told me to send them some samples when I do an oil change again.There are n't that many companies out there that A. produce a fantastic product , B. advertise without bogus claims , and most importantly C. stand by their product 100 % . If anything , this company got my respect and loyalty due to their immediate response and their handling of my concerns . Now again , let me stress , my oil analysis numbers were fantastic and were exactly what was expected of a newer car ... but just because I had concerns the folks at RP asked me to send them over more samples so they can run an analysis free of charge.I hope that helps most of you that are still on the fence about trying this product even though it has a fantastic quality reputation . Hopefully this will convince you that the team also has great relations with their customers .
 I got this oil and a royle purple oil filter changed in my 1995 Saab 900s at pep boys the only mechanics who carry both , and wow from the start of my car and the ride home was amazing smoother shifting and just glides so much better with a quieter running engine , will definitely use from now on ... this product came highly recommended ... your car is only as good as the products you use . thinking of changing out my manual transmission with the rp gear oil . : - -RRB-
 Royal Purple is a excellent synthetic oil . I now use this oil in all of my vehicles -LRB- with differing weights -RRB- I have an 2008 F150 that has the notorious hot idle Cam Phaser tick . I tried many oils/weights to try to get rid of this , but finally tried RP 10w40 and it has silenced my cam phasers -LRB- the thinner weights of RP reduced it , but did not get rid of it -RRB- . In my other vehicles , I use 5W20 -LRB- winter -RRB- or 10w30 -LRB- summer -RRB- and it has made each one run very quietly and smoothly . I even think I may be getting better fuel economy.While all synthetics are good , what sets RP apart form the others is it 's Synerlec additive . This additive is a very tenacious , slippery additive that reduces friction and almost significantly reduces wear . If you look on YouTube at the Timken machine tests with RP , you can see demonstration of just how good this additive is . While the Timken machine is not the end all , be all , test for oils , it does demonstrate just how good RP is in extreme pressure situations when the oil film is cut through due to engine stress.With a great additive pack and real Group IV -LRB- PAE -RRB- base oil -LRB- most synthetics today use a cheaper Group III base oil with only a few exceptions -RRB- this oil protects extremely well and keeps your engine very clean - not to mention with it 's 12 Total Base Number -LRB- TBN -RRB- , it has enough acid neutralizers to be a long drain oil up to 10k miles -LRB- my maximum -RRB- , although others have pushed much further.If you decide to try , make sure to follow the instructions and do two short Oil Change Intervals -LRB- OCIs -RRB- of about 3000 miles before extending the OCIs - this will let RP clean up your motor and get it 's Synerlec well imbedded into the metal surfaces of your engine . After the two short OCIs , you can push the OCI to whatever limit you are comfortable with . Some comments on here have suggested the quietness has gone away after a few thousand miles - and that is because they did not start with the two short OCIs - with this approach engines remain quiet for any length OCI .
 Buying a case is the way to go ! I use this stuff in my 98 BMW M3 and quiets the lifter tick nicely . These engines are notorious for having a ton of mechanical noise and the RP helps a lot in reducing this . I run 10w-40 year long and have no problems . It may be a tiny bit thin when warm but the wear protection it gives is great .
 I bought K&N filter and Royal Purple oil 10W40 for my Shadow Aero 750 . I could feel the difference in the smoothness in riding and very good pickup and ease in changing the gears . I was really disliked the ride and was thinking of selling motorcycle . This two things made real difference and felt joy in riding again . My son noticed my speed and said , how come you are riding fast after the oil change . I was surprised at the difference too . Obvious as less vibration from engine and I was comfortable cruising at higher speed :-RRB- .
 got this oil to do an oil change on a rebel 250 and has worked great so far . first time using this brand and so far no complaints
 great deal really good product super fast shipping would highly reccommend this to any one for any older vehicle use it in my truck and muscle car
 Great value . I only use this product . Royal Purple is great `` insurance '' in a high revving motor . I track this car and would n't consider doing so without this oil .
 This is the recommended oil for my little honda 's manual transmission . As far as i can tell its running as smooth as ever . I 'll be changing it again soon since it was ran with the original oil for way too long by the original owners . I 'll be using this oil for the second change since using it as a month long flush oil its done great .
 This is one of the finest motor oils on the market . I use it in all my UTV 's and ATV 's and motor vehicles . Al start first time in cold weather .
 BEGAN USING ROYAL OILS YEARS AGO WHEN IT WAS TRITON , GREAT PRODUCT THEN BETTER NOW.USED IN ALL VEHICLES AND NEVER BEEN SORRY.BEST OF THE BEST.IF YOU HAVE A MOTORCYCLE BE SURE TO USE ROYAL SYNTHETIC MOTORCYCLE OIL , THERE IS A DIFFERENCE .
 ive switched over to RP after reading some article about it in a magazine , and obviously doing a bit of research online.sure you get those who argue that companies come up with their own stats because they want to make sales . amazon has the best prices that iv found , and iv actually purchased cases through other companies , as prices changed i looked further.my vehicle is pushing 180k mi and iv been using RP wherever possible since 150k mi.my opinion , my choice ... Royal Purple .
 received excellent service and prompt delivery . when call to speak with a representative they were helpful and courtesy .
 I like that way seat looks and makes the bike look . I do n't like the fact it makes me feel like it is pushing me forward , I am a big guy -LRB- 250 + -RRB- I would think the seat would be geat for a smaller guy . I will get use to it and my wife likes the fact it makes her taller than me in the seat.It has not been a problem but the seat only mounts with the hook under the tank and the small bolt on the rear fender.I also ca n't use my saddle bags that fit under the old seat , no room under this seat .
 Seat is very very comfortable on long trips . I thought the firmness of the seat would be otherwise but I am very pleased .
 was shipped right away wrong part on my half but still will work for what i need will order again from this company in future.wish i would of looked harder at the inlet and outlets need this but reversedonly 4 stars because had to wait for an email to send it back but decided to use it .
 This product is very good . works like a champ , and it does n't get hot like the motor is gon na run out . Reliable product . i have used it several times and it works just fine . my tire was completey flat and it filled it up with no problem .
 This compressor is just the thing for a little extra security out on the roads . It may take up to 10 min . to air up a tire but that beats waiting for a tow truck ! You just can not go wrong with this product . Slime COMP04 Portable 12-volt Compressor
 Good Item but it warns you not to leave it on for more than a minute because it will overheat.I have n't had a problem because my tires typically fill up in less than a minute , but if you need to top off all 4 tires its a pain .
 Do not be mislead by the size of this small versatile portable compressor . Along with a tire plug kit this is a must have for anyone that has the abilty to use this item .
 This pump is kept on the boat for various reasons . Works well but is somewhat noisy . If placed on a rag/towel , much less obtrusive ...
 I do n't know what people expect out of a gadget that costs less than twenty bucks . True , the lighter socket plug finally fell apart , but that was after a couple of years of occasional use.I imagine it can be repaired with a little creative soldering , but in any event I have gotten my money 's worth out of it.Yes , it vibrates , it 's noisy , and it 's slow - all of the above - but if you 're just maintaining tire pressure from time to time it delivers better performance per dollar than a lot of higher-priced devices . Therefore , I 'm giving it four stars .
 I first used these on my 2005 F150 . Those trucks had really bad brake dust problem on the front wheels . They are easy to put on and work . I put this set on my 2011 Dodge Ram 1500 . They work well on this truck also . My shop guys like them too .
 This Lund product was orderd because of Lund 's Reputation for quality . Quality it is ! A wonderful finish , caution it IS Very Sharp . . Also it is advertised as easy no drill instalation . . upon receiving the Deflector and opening the box to inspect the contents . On the FRONT page of the parts contents list It shows a `` DRILL '' illustration ?? You do have to drill 1/8 '' holes to mount the Piece . . I ask you then ? why / why ? does it say `` Easy no Drill Instalation '' I had no problem doing the Job , but I have more than Handyman skills . Someone buying this Item `` Because '' of not having to Drill on their vehicle is in for a SHOCK , not a Suprise . I am Happy with the Purchase and Amazon 's wonderful service , BUT LUND Exects . . you need to do something about your advertising , it 's not correct ...
 I installed this on my 2000 Chevy C3500 -LRB- old body style . Fits great and looks even better . Watch out for your fingers ... this thing is sharp !
 installation was easy since the holes were already drill ed in th windshield . i had to tap the right side down a bit so it would hold the top on .
 I liked the 4 caps that is included with the gauge . The gauge works as expected & I 've been using it regularly without any problems .
 Have to push a little harder than some others but it works , the extra caps are nice plus . Amazon wants a longer description , annoying and unnecessary ... blah , blah .
 i go to a gas station that has an air line with a built in air pressure gauge . i bought this gauge because i have an air compressor at home and i wasnt going to continue paying $ 1.00 for about two minutes of air . i compared the air hose gauge with this slime tire gauge and the slime gauge reads about 5 psi higher than the gas station air hose . i dont know which is more accurate but since i have an air compressor at home now i guess i will just rely on the slime gauge
 When looking for a new tire gauge , I read reviews of newer digital models but decided that a simple pencil gauge would suit my purposes . I have used this gauge several times , and it has worked very well . For my everyday use , this simple gauge is accurate enough and easy to use . The extra caps are a nice bonus , too.Overall , I would recommend this gauge to anyone who needs a quality instrument at a great price .
 What can I say ? It seems to work , it was cheap , and it shipped relatively quickly . That 's about all you can ask . The inclusion of four black valve caps helped , as I had lost one of the grey ones that came with my car -- so now I again have a matching set .
 This Slime Pencil Tire Gauge provides consistent , repeatable readings . I checked a tire 's pressure 4 times and each time this gauge measured 32psi . This reading is consistent with the gauge on my compressor and another pencil gauge . Ca n't ask for more . I picked up one without the extra valve caps from a very large local retailer for under two bucks . They also sold a set of 4 caps for less than a buck .
 The gauge is very accurate , almost as good as my ~ $ 25 digital one.Very easy to use and to get a perfect seal without even trying , which is very hard with other brand products -LRB- like my ~ $ 25 one -RRB- . Too bad it contains lead . 1 star off it would have been perfect . = -LRB- Other than that , works very very good .
 This product had the lowest price on Amazon and offers a lifetime warranty . Local sources for this part such as Autozone & Advanced Auto were nearly double the price .
 This Dupl-Color paint for Vinyl and Fabric is great . Easy to apply , dries fast . On an older Sonata car , used this Blue paint on some door panal 's and the leather like steering wheel . Price was same as at PEP Boys - which was out of stock .
 I bought this filter for my 1995 Dyna and it fit perfect . The hex nut will make taking it off for the next oil change a MUCH easier deal . I feel very confident with this filter on my bike . Thanks for a good deal !
 Found out from NGK 's website that this was the best one for my car -LRB- M3 -RRB- . Installation can be pretty straight forward if you have the right length Spark Plug Socket/tool . I 'm planning on buying another 6 for my Acura -LRB- same make different model -RRB- . Must say this though , have seen little or no improvement -LRB- except for idling ... thats much smoother now -RRB- in performance .
 Using these in my 02 WRX with a custom tune at over 300HP with absolutely no problems . These come pre-gapped for the car but you should check them anyway . All of mine were spot on factory specs at .028 '' but I have seen pre-gapped spark plugs come a little off.As mentioned , with free shipping , amazon has the best price on these you are going to get anywhere .
 These Bad Boys Are 17 $ a Pop here in Okinawa Japan But Since Amazon Ships Overseas Well Worth The Wait Than Spending 68 Dollars At The Local Parts Store
 The seller was quick and I received the plugs within a week . At the increased expense are the plugs better than less costly ones ? I can not tell . My vehicle runs about the same . I 've not noticed any increase in horse power or fuel savings .
 This is a great spark plug and I hope to save money with it 's noted longevity . Amazon had the best price shipped to my door than any other vendor on the net .
 I bought it with K&N ; panel filter I really felt a differencevery good till now
 Install this into my 02 WRX , in return I get smooth power , easy start , and a few MPG increase . I always use NGK Iridium brand in all of my cars and have no intention to change to any other brand . It costs a little more but I do n't have to touch it again for 100K which worth every penny .
 The plugs work great and do what they say they will . What more can you say about a spark plug ?
 this is a piece of my 100000 mile tune up , fast delivery and quality product ... now if they just had somebody to help install
 estas fueron compradas hace un a & ntilde ; o para un kia rio , y hasta la fecha est&aacute;n como nuevas y trabajando excelentes , encendido del veh&iacute;culo sin problemas , nunca fallan y no sufren desgaste , recomendado para todo el que quiera unas iridium de gran rendimiento . comprado para venezuela .
 Works better than platinum plugs for sure , if your having hard running or starting issues these certainly help ! Audi S4 , worked very well . Car never ran properly on the laser platinums .
 came nicely packed . yet to install , but am sure it will help improve performance . keep it up guys :p will be buying more soon .
 finally i got my iridiums ! the engine is running so smooth , the fuel economy is better , depending of my foot of course lol -LRB- running an Impreza Sti v3 JDM -RRB- . recomended !
 I bought these spark plugs as replacement for the original ones per recommended maintenance at 108,000 Km . No issues and a small increase in fuel efficiency when compared with the older ones . No perceptible improvement in acceleration . So far so good .
 there is no rise but lower and stable rpm when car at idle . perfomance is great and less slightly gives you more milage
 I got a used Tundra last year -LRB- Oct 2010 -RRB- and the plugs had never been replaced at 50k miles so i opted for these NGK Iridiums . I always buy NGK since i 've never had a problem with them and these have been great , no problems.Hopefully the longer life and more precise spark justifies the additional expense , but really , since you only have to replace spark plugs very infrequently anyway why not go with a higher end plug -LRB- seriously , 8 of these plugs cost less than a tank of gas in this truck so why not -RRB- . These were pre-gapped and i did not have to change them at all after measuring each one . The old plugs were well worn and way out of gap spec . The engine ran fine before and i had not yet started logging my gas mileage since i only had it for a month before changing plugs so i do n't know if i 've gotten better MPG or power out of these but they sure could n't hurt . Engine has run like a top for the past year .
 I purchased 8 of these for my Audi S4 -LRB- 2005.5 -RRB- and they work great ! Do n't really notice a difference from stock but my original plugs needed replacement and these were a great deal at $ 6/each with shipping ! Peace of mind ! : -RRB-
 NGK Iridium plugs work great , car is performing very well with over 186k on original engine . I would buy this item again and from the same seller . Got items on time and in great shape .
 These NGK 's are awesome . I self installed them on my '00 Volvo S40 1.9 T and instantly got more power ! Mine are gapped at .030 , just like they came in the box . The price is hard to beat - everywhere else the plugs ran $ 7-12 each - good thing I looked here ! The only downside is the packaging that my plugs were shipped in - a small -LRB- but adequate -RRB- box , but only a small airbag to protect 4 smaller loose boxes - would have preferred packaging peanuts and the wrong receipt was sent with them .
 Bought a set along with MSD 32879 Red Super Conductor Spark Plug Wire and MSD Ignition 8239 Sport Compact Replacement Coil for my Mini Cooper ' 04 . So far so good , engine feels better and mileage improved .
 I bought these plugs for my WRX , after installation it runs smoother and shudders less at low RPMs . No complaints , and it shipped fast and cost less than buying from the local parts store .
 First of all , I 'm not sure if you are supposed to gap these or not , when I tried , these scratched the gaper.Nontheless , when I replaced my old worn out spark plugs with these -LRB- there was a huge gap difference , these are much smaller -RRB- , I got a good 2 extra mpg that I was looking for in my Honda Prelude . -LRB- from 18mpg to 20mpg -RRB- I have n't noticed too much of a difference in the acceleration though .
 The problem with finding suitable spark plugs for your vehicle is that other than the OEM that comes with your car , the quest is trial and error , some may say they 're the best , then you put them in your car and they do n't do their job ... so it 's all trial and error , once you find the ones that work , stick to those.some tips i can give are the following ... search on the web for previous owner experiences to make a big picture of what you ought to be looking for ; ALWAYS gap the plugs as specified in your car manual or the suggested gap by the spark plug brand for your car ; use correct and equal torque when installing all plugs on all cylinder heads.Ive heard a rule ... if your car is jap , buy jap plugs -LRB- denso , ngk -RRB- if your car is american , buy american -LRB- champion , autolite -RRB- , if your car is euro , buy euro plugs -LRB- bosch -RRB- NGK iridium are great buy , excellent quality and performance and fairly priced .
 My car originally came with the Bosch plugs , then tried the NGK lasers , then this . It works good -LRB- as it should -RRB- , I do n't really notice a -LRB- big -RRB- difference.On the butt dyno , it seems to run like my original Bosch . The NGK lasers seemed like they ran cold and my car down-shifted every time I pressed the pedal . With my original Bosch -LRB- and these new Iridiums -RRB- I mash the pedal and the motor will pull from the current gear it is in . It only downshifts when I really get on the pedal . Not sure if that means anything , but that 's what I 've noticed .
 I bought this sparks for my turbo subaru forester.their quality is very good . -LRB- Made in Japan -RRB- I feel better acseleration on high rpms.And it 's seems car consumes less fuel . Let ' see how long will they work properly .
 I purchased these for my VW Passat 2004 . I no longer have the car so I can not talk about the longevity of them , which is the main benefit of iridium , but I did notice improvement over the bosch plugs that I changed out . Faster startup times , rough idles seemed to go away , and the engine ran a bit smoother .
 Installed without a problem . Fits 2006 Ford Fusion . Looks sharp and seems sturdy . Installed today , so no testing on wear and tear yet . Compares to LUND products I have used before on Fords . Hood trim , screws , and SOME ` sticky ' strips hold it in place . Good product .
 Great product . If you have used the air filter then you know its a quality product . On my Bike the filter is hidden from easy view so the crome is not necessary but for a couply more dollars , well sometimes you just have to treat yourself . On the serious note , the welded nut is so important . First it makes the job easier and cleaner , second you can use a cheap torque wrench and get it dealer quality .
 This filter is not only quality - but adds `` easy '' to my oil change.The built in nut is great ! Oh - and who does n't like CHROME too !!!
 The hex top makes install and removing easy , especially since this is a chrome filter . Item shipped fast and arrived perfect .
 Of course , I bought this filter at amazon because they had the better price . It makes a great addition to my show quality motorcycle . The filter is a filter so there is not much I can say about its performance because I dont test them . But , as far as looks go , it looks great on my bike , the chrome quality is very good and flawless . I recomend this filter not only because of its quality but for its value .
 The product exceeded my expectations . I had some issues installing it and got no help from tech support for a week after I e-mailed them . I 've finally figured out what I did wrong and still have n't heard back from tech support . I love K&N products but if something goes wrong with it ...
 Worked perfectly . Cheaper than a plain painted stock part . Nice touch . Even came with a chrome drain plug .
 Bought these from amazon was on back order only had to wait about a week before the order was processed and they are great oem seats and look great and for the price a set of junkyard seats still cost more . Best deal for a seat for a Jeep period .
 great seats for 50 bucks a seat junk yard cant even do that got two of the the first one looks great second one the vinyl is a lil loose but nothing that wont shrink a little . would def recommend to anyone that has towrn up seats !
 Seat was just what I was wanting . It 's in between a low back and high back so my head does n't touch the seat back , but that is what I wanted . I transitioned from low backs but liked the visability that they offered when in off-road situations . This seat still gives me good visabiltiy around my jeep but supports my upper back and shoulders . VERY comfortable and have an OEM look .
 This is a very basic seat , which is exactly what i wanted . It 's a little shorter than stock seats but i like that about these seats . Very durable seat too . Package does not include risers .
 I am very happy with this purchase . Not only is the quality of the seats very good but the price is almost one third of the normal price . This is the first time I have bought on Amazon and not my last .
 I bought this to replace the broken original seat in my CJ7 but did n't want to spend a fortune . This seat easily bolted right into the original mounting brackets and looks and feels as good as original and will probably last as long .
 I bought these on Amazon for 50 each which I still think was a steal , but I would consider them an economy seat . They seem fairly well built and sturdy , but might be punctured or scratched easily . It took me about an hour to swap these into my 74 Jeep J10 pickup and it was a bolt and go installation . I did n't need anything other than tools and my existing bucket seat brackets . The result was a nice upgrade from a low back seat with a more conforming back rest . They are a fixed seat and a bit narrow , so take that into consideration . My truck is n't used very often , but the seats still look new two years on .
 These are everything we wanted them to be . They are very comfortable and sturdy . I 'm sure they will hold up great in our CJ5 .
 i purchased two of these on amazon.com . when i ordered them they were out of stock but i still received them very quickly . the ordering processing was very professional , easy and quick . i highly recommend amazon.com and i 'm a satisfied customer . the jeep seats i ordered were far better quality than i thought they were going to be . i thought because i got them so cheap that the quality was n't going to be there but i was wrong . i love the seats , the 're really nice seats and i could n't have bought used one 's at this price . i also got free shipping and handling to my front door and that was awesome with today 's gas prices .
 First time using Royal purple . So far so good , i have in excess of 250K miles on the original engine still going strong and hope to keep it that way for a very long time , of course i 'm willing to deep into my pocket a bit more for better quality . I normally prefer not to brag about a product till i 'm able to determine it 's true benefits over other products . By the way this oil is going into my 1987 BMW e28 .
 I HAVE USED THIS MOTOR OIL ON BOTH OF MY BMW 'S AND HAVE NEVER HAD A PROBLEM!BMW MAGAZINE ALSO ENDORSES THIS PRODUCT ! IT IS SOLD IN MANY BMW PARTS CATALOGS AND IS CHEAPER THRU AMAZON ! ONE OF MY CAR 'S MANUAL SUGGEST `` MOBILE 1 '' , BUT ROYAL PURPLE IS AS GOOD ARE BETTER FROM THE SPEC OF THE OILS !
 Corolla 98 le . Works better then Dino - first time using - teamed it up with rp filter . Cars quieter and feels more efficient . Highly recommend . Cost more yes but last longer . If you love your car order some . If you do n't care about your car or if you 're dumping your car stick with cheap oil and cheap oil filters
 i am giving this product a 5 star because of Amazon 's Great pricing . As far as the product itself I see a quality product . I have not noticed any great change in my vehicles performance but I never had any trouble before anyways . i put a lot of miles on my vehicles and wanted to make sure I was putting a quality product in the engines . i have heard that this oil promotes engine life . I guess that remains to be determined but for now I will give it a thumbs up !
 I have been using Royal Purple for two years now and have found it to be a great product . I run my Dodge Cummings HO diesel hard ; when I have changed oil in the past I do so at 3-4000 miles , and you can both smell and feel the effects of running in the oil itself . Using Royal Purple I now change at 5000 miles . The stuff that I take out looks and feels like I could run it for thousands of miles more . So when found this stuff at a great price on Amazon ; whats not to love ? Buy this stuff , it works .
 I was watching Horsepower TV and they proved that RP frees up som horsepower , I do n't have access to a dyno , but hey did and I trust them .
 Witht he 5 gal size this makes for a great price on a great oil . I have been using Royal Purple for over 3 years on two vehicles a 99 Tahoe and a 06 Wrangler . So Far so good !
 I have a used '04 Rav4 with 79,000 mi , the engine idles at 800 rpm , vibrates a bit , and the combine mpg is meager average of 15.76 , far from the 21 mpg expected . After doing a oil change w / Royal Purple , the rpm is now 700 and engine vibration is lower . The combined mpg is now 18.16 , that 's definitely a great improvement there . Best decision I ever made . I ca n't wait to see what happens when I try their transmission and gear product .
 What a great product . i used to pick it up at the local auto parts store ; however , now in the Red Rocks of Sedona I order it on line and through Amazon I have never had any issues . Delivered right to your door.You just can not you beat that ...
 Use this oil for a while now and very happy with the performance it has on my car.Was delivered superfast and glad I ordered it from Amazone , saves me a lot of money and have it in stock for the next oil change . Your car engine needs the best give it ROYAL PURPLE TO DRINK AND SMOOTH HER TROATH
 This is the best synthetic oil you can get for a reasonable price - exotics like Amsoil are slightly better but they cost an arm and a leg . Amazon has a good deal on this oil especially if you buy the big jug .
 nicely packageddouble boxedarrived on timein good shapeready to usewhat else can you say about motor oil?it 's slick as advertised
 THE BEST MOTOR OIL MADE TODAY . Full synthetic with an ACTUAL , noticeable horsepower and torque boost . No false promises here . Although expensive -LRB- $ 8 - $ 9 per quart at some places -RRB- , IT IS WORTH IT . HIGHEST possible recommendation !!
 I have been using royal purple products since 1998 . I have never had any problems with this oil . exceeds expectations .
 As the title suggests . This is the only synthetic oil I will use . When I switched my 91 Corvette from a different synthetic to Royal Purple , I could even hear a difference in the running motor . Everything ran much more smoothly . I currently recommend this oil to anyone who needs the best synthetic . It may cost a little bit more , but it is well worth it .
 I got it for 74.65 . Way below retail price . Comes out to $ 6.22 / quart . That is a steal . I ordered when Amazon had that price and it said it was n't going to ship till late January . Just got the update it was in stock and getting delivered today . This will work for 2 oil changes . So for another 6 months worth . Great deal for high quality oil.It shows it at 101 right now 12/27/11 . I am hoping by the time I need to get more they have it back at that price . So much cheaper .
 I use 10w30 royal purple in my 02 ' Camaro . I 've tried most of the synthetics out there , but none of them could match the performance of royal purple . Oil pressure is very consistent , fuel mileage is better , cooler running temperatures and a bit more power . I would recommend to anyone for any application . I even use it in my lawn mower instead of straight 30w dino juice , and I get better gas mileage and protection .
 My Saab always had a semi-synthetic in it . Today I put RP in and WOW ! The quite noticeable ticking sound that had been in the engine for the last 3 years is gone . SMOOTH running now like never before . And if you go to the Wmart for an oil change , they will charge you the same for this as any other synthetic change , even though it averages about $ 3-4 / qt higher than all the other synthetics .
 When i bought my car used at 102000mile the car acceleration was sluggish and it felt like the engine was dragging , so i decided to change my car oil with Royal purple ... and all i have to say is WOW ... the car accelerate so much smoother and the engine sound even stronger the list can go on and on.Noticeable different overall , well worth the money , wo n't be switching to any other engine oil I also purchase the Royal purple oil fliter , due to it extended life . Every car can last forever with the proper care
 Thankyou for your quick service . I have been using Royal Purple for years and I find it to be the best synthetic oil on the market
 Working at an auto dealership I see all kinds of customers in our service department . Some people do n't even know that engine oil is critical to the life of an engine . Then there are those who request Royal Purple be used in their vehicles . These people know what I do . And , that is , Royal Purple is some of the best lubricant made for your vehicles engine . You ca n't go wrong with this product .
 Once I started using this oil , my Vtec started kicking really well . If your into performance I 'd recommend this
 A good oil will just work . It will lubricate and protect . Most oil manufacturers create various grades of oils using different bases and techniques and they produce products that will do the job.A fantastic oil will go beyond and Royal Purple does exactly that.I am not an expert but I do know a thing or two about automotive mechanics . The area of lubrication fascinates me and from what I see on the internet , it fascinates many others as well . This is delightful as I was beginning to think that I was a freak ! Perhaps I am and perhaps all of us are . Is it so bad to want what 's best for your ki ... cars ? Your cars ! Yeah that 's it , yeaaaah . Seee.After building a supercharged vehicle , I became obsessed with making sure it was running in top shape . It was at the time , my only means of transportation . I started using Mobil 1 synthetic right away and for years , there was no problem . Mobil 1 is a perfect example of a good oil . It did it 's job . I 've always known about these so-called `` high performance '' engine oils out there such as Redline , Motul , AMSoil and Royal Purple . I figured that they were all just gimmicks because really , oil is oil right ? Well I was wrong.While shopping in Walmart , I noticed that they had cases of Royal Purple 10w30 for sale . I was there to pick up a case of Mobil 1 but the royal purple was there and it was only a few dollars more expensive . I figured , `` why the hell not ? '' . I brought it home and the next day , I changed my car 's oil from Mobil 1 to Royal Purple . Now I forgot to mention that my oil changes , which I obviously do myself , happened every 3000-5000 miles and that I change the filter , every time . You can never be too careful with a forced induction car that was n't meant to be forced to begin with.Well when I started her up , I IMMEDIATELY noticed that there was a difference . What I noticed was quiet ! Then I noticed how smooth the engine was running . It was just plain old special . After warming up I took her for a spin because that 's what we do when we try new oils :-RRB- . The butt-dyno was definitely telling me that the car was faster . She was definitely running stronger and smoother.A few months ago , I decided to go back to Mobil 1 due to their formula changing -LRB- so I read -RRB- . I wanted to give it another shot . After all was said and done , I went from a `` fantastic oil '' -LRB- Royal Purple -RRB- back to a `` good oil '' -LRB- Mobil 1 -RRB- Even though I knew I did not need to do it , I quickly swapped it out for some fresh new Purple : -RRB- I tried using it in my little CRF150RB dirt bike but I did n't notice any differences . That bike is like a little bat outta hell . It does however , make a nice difference in my scooter . It is again , smoother , quieter and more powerful and with a scooter , every little bit helps.In conclusion , in my personal experience and opinion , Royal Purple is just far beyond anything else that I 've used.Info : Car 10w30 : Mobil 1 - GoodRoyal Purple - FantasticDirt Bike 15w40-20w50AMSOil - Too happy to careMotul - Having too much fun to give a ripRoyal Purple - Noticeable gains in yeeehawww but not with oilScooter
 It was mentioned to me by a friend that he used Royal Purple in his rigs , and thought I would try it out . I am glad I did . My Suzuki has 97,000 miles on the motor and it has never , I really mean never run so smooth . We get a steady mile and a half more in gas milage . I am going to change my Tahoe and my GMC over when it is time .
 A good oil will just work . It will lubricate and protect . Most oil manufacturers create various grades of oils using different bases and techniques and they produce products that will do the job.A fantastic oil will go beyond and Royal Purple does exactly that.I am not an expert but I do know a thing or two about automotive mechanics . The area of lubrication fascinates me and from what I see on the internet , it fascinates many others as well . This is delightful as I was beginning to think that I was a freak ! Perhaps I am and perhaps all of us are . Is it so bad to want what 's best for your ki ... cars ? Your cars ! Yeah that 's it , yeaaaah . Seee.After building a supercharged vehicle , I became obsessed with making sure it was running in top shape . It was at the time , my only means of transportation . I started using Mobil 1 synthetic right away and for years , there was no problem . Mobil 1 is a perfect example of a good oil . It did it 's job . I 've always known about these so-called `` high performance '' engine oils out there such as Redline , Motul , AMSoil and Royal Purple . I figured that they were all just gimmicks because really , oil is oil right ? Well I was wrong.While shopping in Walmart , I noticed that they had cases of Royal Purple 10w30 for sale . I was there to pick up a case of Mobil 1 but the royal purple was there and it was only a few dollars more expensive . I figured , `` why the hell not ? '' . I brought it home and the next day , I changed my car 's oil from Mobil 1 to Royal Purple . Now I forgot to mention that my oil changes , which I obviously do myself , happened every 3000-5000 miles and that I change the filter , every time . You can never be too careful with a forced induction car that was n't meant to be forced to begin with.Well when I started her up , I IMMEDIATELY noticed that there was a difference . What I noticed was quiet ! Then I noticed how smooth the engine was running . It was just plain old special . After warming up I took her for a spin because that 's what we do when we try new oils :-RRB- . The butt-dyno was definitely telling me that the car was faster . She was definitely running stronger and smoother.A few months ago , I decided to go back to Mobil 1 due to their formula changing -LRB- so I read -RRB- . I wanted to give it another shot . After all was said and done , I went from a `` fantastic oil '' -LRB- Royal Purple -RRB- back to a `` good oil '' -LRB- Mobil 1 -RRB- Even though I knew I did not need to do it , I quickly swapped it out for some fresh new Purple : -RRB- I tried using it in my little CRF150RB dirt bike but I did n't notice any differences . That bike is like a little bat outta hell . It does however , make a nice difference in my scooter . It is again , smoother , quieter and more powerful and with a scooter , every little bit helps.In conclusion , in my personal experience and opinion , Royal Purple is just far beyond anything else that I 've used.Info : Car 10w30 : Mobil 1 - GoodRoyal Purple - FantasticDirt Bike 15w40-20w50AMSOil - Too happy to careMotul - Having too much fun to give a ripRoyal Purple - Noticeable gains in yeeehawww but not with oilScooter
 The best motor oil available out there . AMAZON sells it at a very good price as compared to auto parts store . I will definitely buy again . MY car runs smoother and somehow increase my miles per gallon .
 I like this oil very much and been using it im my truck for over three years now . Its cheaper than buying it at my local autoparts store .
 Just what I ordered delivered quickly at a good price . What more could I say ?
 Great oil been buying R P for 6 year its the best oil ever . Safes me lots of money . So good I use it on all my trucks .
 This is a great product & we highly recommend it . I use a WIX filter w / it & my Toyota Sequoia is running top notch .
 I 've done a lot of research into oil and filters , and the Royal Purple oil is one of the best you can get . If you care about your engine and want to extend its life , nothing does more than quality oil paired with a top-of-the-line filter like Royal Purple 's .
 What an improvement ! With the Flowmaster series 50 Delta Flow mufflers , my 1996 Buick Roadmaster Estate sounds so much better - and it still is nice and quiet inside at cruising speed . Just as described on the Flowmaster homepage , and just as expected . Those mufflers are worth their price .
 Installed on a 70 chevelle 454 and sounded great ! We removed 40 series mufflers because they were too raspy . Customer is very satisfied !
 Delivered on time and well packaged . Everything was covered well and the protruding sections were covered in rubber to stop any damage to them . The product had no scratches or dents.The install went pretty smoothly . The instructions could use a little more clarification , but I managed . Something the instructions do n't note is that in addition to taking the air skirt off you need to remove the skid plate . In a couple days here we 'll see if we ca n't modify that to fit around the mounting brackets . You 'll also need to remove the grill of the truck to get to the upper bolts for the mounting bracket . It 's not too bad as long as you 've popped stuff off of vehicles before and know how hard to pull to get a snap apart without breaking a snap . All in all the install took a little under 3 hours for only 1 person with the exception of a second hand to help hold the grille guard up to bolt it to the brackets.Looks awesome on my truck -LRB- 2005 Colorado -RRB- and was excellently fitted.I would also just like to say that I looked around quite a bit before deciding on this manufacturer and from Amazon . I only found one website with a lower price by just a few dollars . However , the shipping was over 100 dollars , got ta love Amazon Prime . The manufacturer , Westin , was also highly recommended everywhere I looked . It helped that I have a set of taillight guards made by them that exceeded my expectations as far as how sturdy they felt and how well they fit .
 the grille guard came in days before the estimated delivery . the light guards and bars all came put together.the only trouble i had was reading and understanding the instructions . not all pictures matched the reference in the instructions . overall , its an amazing bang for your buck . you will not find this product for this price anywhere else .
 Chevy dealers want a fortune for this part . It is the `` new '' part # for an old existing blower control module . My blower control module went out on my 1992 buick roadmaster , and this part replaces the entire module , even though it looks quite different.For Blower Control Module - the old pn I had was 16061602 , the new pn was ac delco 1571971 or gm 12368388 . The old has 4 +2 prongs - new has 3 +1 , and works ok . A lot cheaper than the $ 200 that the dealer wants!The part took 5 mins to replace and works great !
 This BMCM was said not to work for or be for my 98 Riviera but , it was the very same one I pulled out of the car and it was the factory BMCM I removed . This BMCM slipped right in no problem , worked and still works wonderful . Let me just say , if you have a 98 Buick Riviera and need a blower motor control module , this one will and does work just as the factory one.and , is the very same , All hook ups -LRB- wiring -RRB- , screw holes , not a problem one , all the very same .
 Couldnt be happier with this , every auto store in town wanted between $ 120 - $ 220 for this , mechanics wanted $ 450 for the part and labor . I paid $ 70 for this , and did the work myself , which , surprisingly enough was actually EXTREMELY easy , 3 bolts holding it in and 2 bolts holding the cover -LRB- under the dash to hide wires and such -RRB- , then pull out the 2 plugs and PERFECT heating conditions , works great.For clarification , the vehicle I installed this in was a 1993 Cadillac Fleetwood Brougham 5.7 l
 Do the job . Modified model that seems to work as well as the original one.The original one worked for 21 years , see how long this will work .
 you people said this would not fit my 1998 riviera , but it fits and works perfectlyparts places wanted 150.00 more than the 65.00 i paid.great deal.it will also fit96 ,7,8 , and 99 riviera.they are all the same . thanks
 Paid for 2 day delivery so I could have it by the weekend . It came on thursday . Although heat sink area looks different , it is an exact replacement for my 1995 Buick Riviera . Alot cheaper than auto part stores . Works perfectly . Very happy . Thank you Amazon .
 This part controls the speed of the blower motor on vehicles equipped with an automatic climate control system . Usually when these units fail , either the blower motor will run constantly , even with the key off , or the blower motor wo n't work at all.This part is the same as you would get if you walked into a GM dealer 's parts department and purchased it . The only difference is that it 's way cheaper.This part is usually very easy to replace .
 I ordered this part going off of another review . Although it does n't specify it fits a Buick Roadmaster , another review informed it did . They are noticeably different in appearance , but installation is exact and fits perfect . If anything , it 's an upgrade from the past . Super fast `` free '' shipping . Installs with 5.5 nut driver under the passenger side dash . Corrosion will do a number on this part , and I too had problems with the fan running when the car was off . If your battery is going dead , listen for this . Great fix , buy now ! , the part is not getting any cheaper . It was $ 77 a few months back , It 's at -LSB- ... -RSB- as I write with free shipping . Great deal , and Fast Amazon Shipping via UPS .
 1996 Buick Roadmaster . Perfect fit even though at the time amazon said it would n't fit . Weird . best price I could find . replace this if your heater runs after the car is turned off . takes like 10 minutes with a nut driver and it 's under located under the glovebox .
 Our 1992 Buick Park Avenue battery died very inconveniently . -LRB- When is death convenient ? -RRB- It died because when my wife took our grandkids to the movies , the airconditioner fan did not shut off , and nothing she could do inside the car would make a difference.After purchasing a new battery -LRB- the car was parked right behind Pep Brothers -RRB- , I took the car home with the fan going and the alternator barely keeping the battery voltage right . Plus , being now dark , I had to use the lights.At home I found the fan fuse under the hood on the firewall and pulled that . Decided then that I 'd research this on the internet and the blower motor control module was most likely faulty and I even found instructions on how to pull it out . What a chore ! I did this during my lunch hour in my work parking lot - it was hot.Internet research told me the original part was going to cost a little less than 200 dollars . I found this one and the author said that although not the original part number , it would work . It was going to be less than $ 90 and if we applied for an Amazon.com credit card , it would cost $ 40 less.So , yes , I 'm pleased - although the module electronics is not the same , but it does fit , and does work .
 C'est un excellent achat . J'avait des doutes en le commandant , mais d&egrave;s que je l'ai branch&eacute; sur mon Buick Riviera 1996 , a a fonctionn&eacute; !
 It turned out better than I expected and I am totally happy with it I glad that I got one for my car
 I recently purchased this for my 2004 Toyota Tacoma and I will have to say it is great . I have been looking at it for a while and was holding off purchasing it because I dreaded installing it but I will have to say it was a breeze as long as you follow the instructions exactly the way they read . The quality is very good and also good quality powdercoat and most of all it looks great on my truck
 This was a breeze to install on my 2001 Toyota Tacoma . The brackets are heavy duty and well made , and the design of the install kit makes it possible to install with one person . Just bolt up two of the bottom bracket bolts -LRB- loosely -RRB- and use them to hold the bar in place while you flip it up and bolt in the upper brackets to hold in in place . Then tighten everything up and you 're good to go.Note
 Finally a one piece grillguard that is as strong as it is goodlookin . I put this product on my Tacoma , and love it . Friends and family all agree , a great upgrade for my truck . Thanks Westin , awesome grill/brushguard !
 K & N makes a top grade oil filter that I choose to use over the Harley filter . Use a good oil and use good filters and forget about motor troubles . Ride your bike and enjoy the beauty . &#34; You never see a Harley-Davidson motorcycle parked in front of a psychiatrist 's office . &#34;
 I bought this for my 2002 Harley Davidson dyna low rider being able to put a wrench or socket on the end of the filter makes for a way easier oil change for sure and the price here on amazon was the best free ship !!
 USED K&N FILTERS FOR YEARS . THEY DO THE JOB . I 'VE UESD K&N ON ALL MY HARLEY 'S FOR OVER 20 YEARS . NEVER HAD A PROBLEM
 Looks great . came timely.Like the mounted nut on end of the filter . Makes for easy install/removal . Mininizes the oil mess .
 The chrome finish looks great on the bike and the hex head for a socket or wrench makes it a breeze to remove and install ! Excellent !
 Best oil filter for 110 cvo road glide . Oil stays clean longer than harley filter and much easier to remove .
 Have n't installed it yet but it looks ok & is cheaper than the Harley OEM ... . It 's a K&N ... How bad can it be
 we only use amsoil synthetic oil and kn oil filters on our three bikes . the nut on top of the can for easy removal makes this an easy choice . i 've used kn air filters in all my vehicles . top notch quality .
 This is perfect . Saves money over the original HD part , does n't require any special wrenches - the end nut is tapered slightly so either an 11/16 or 17mm socket is all you need . K&N ; quality means warranties do n't get voided and the finish is nice for a disposable piece . Coupled with Redline or Royal Purple oils , you have a winner in your bike.As an aside , check fitment @ the K&N ; site as the Amazon listings do n't always find a filter for your bike . Then come back here to buy .
 Decided to go with the K&N oil filter for the 1K oil change on my 2012 Harley FXDC , and no regrets . Chrome looks good , and the nut on the end of the filter is awesome . Makes installation and removal a snap . Was able to get the stock filter off with a large pair of pliers so I did n't have to buy the Harley tool . Will be using the K&N filters from here on out .
 This thing is perfect . I use K&N filters for both oil & air on my cars & bikes . You can always tell a difference in smoothness , performance & function . They are simply made better than other products of their type & work better . This one for Harley 's is easier to get on & of due to the welded on nut . These filters should just come standard on Harley 's . I bought this for my 2011 Ultra Limited .
 I 've been buying this filter for years for my 2005 Harley.The hex at the end of this filter makes for easy removal.I also use K&N ; oil filters on my Ducati .
 Very easy on , easy off ! Unlike the Harley factory filter , Which I usually end up using a hammer and screwdriver to remove
 no more fumbling with a custom oil filter wrench and working around the crank position sensor ! the six sided hex on the end of the filter makes changing oil a breeze !
 Product was rated as used which is not what someone would buy for an oil filter . It was in fact brand new and still in the original shrink wrap . Item worked perfectly as you would expect from any K & N product .
 Great chrome finish ! Screws right on like stock Harley filter . Screws right off with a socket due to the hex nut on the end of the filter . No filter wrench needed .
 K&N makes a great product . Love the nut on the end of the filter . Great price on Amazon ! Recommend this to all my friends
 K & N makes superior filters for my application . I have owned many Harleys and have used K & N filters exclusively . Great filtering properties to keep the smallest particles out of the oil .
 These are a good way for me to save time on a filter change . With the H-D filters , I need to use a cap-type filter wrench to grip the multi-sided end of their filters . Usually , this means I need to remove my crank-position sensor to have a clear shot at the end of the filter . With the 17-mm hex head , no bulky filter wrench is needed , just a socket on an extension with your ratchet...E-Z .
 It , s great to have a choice of oil filters K&N takes it a step further with the attached 17mm nut It makes installation and removal easier and you do n't need to worry about damaging your cam sensor I purchased 3 filters on amazon w / free shipping and saved $ 5 bucks each over my harley dealer George Kowalczyk
 Folks - if you have a Harley TwinCam , you need this oil filter!Harley in their infinite wisdom , put the crankshaft position sensor about 3/4 of an inch away from the end of the oil filter , thus preventing the use of any sort of regular oil filter wrench . They have a wrench with a relief cut ... that works terribly , and makes a mess.Behold the K&N ; with the welded on 11/16 nut -LRB- not 1 '' like the car/truck filters -RRB- . You just take your socket and back the filter off . No muss , no fuss , and minimal mess.I 'd never @ # $ # @ $ around with the standard -LRB- nutless -RRB- filter again ! ~
 Just bought a Road King last month . Changed the oil & filter . Much easier removing the K&N filter with a socket than a filter wrench plus the filtering quality is super .
 This oil filter looks great on the bike -LRB- chrome finish -RRB- and is easy to use , especially with the nut on the end for removal at the next oil change . Highly recommended .
 Seems like a good filter , comparable in price to the chrome Harley Davidson filter . The nut on the end makes it very easy to change .
 K&N Filter is what it is , this seller priced it very fair and fast shipping was a good part . I highly recommend buying for this seller .
 Best filter on the market for the money a must have ! Has a clean look proving that preformance does not have to look bad !
 Unless you buy the expensive H-D wrench to assist in removing the oil filter , it can be difficult . This superior quality K&N filter with the built in `` nut '' on the end makes it so much easier . And you get K&N quality filtering to boot .
 This is my 2nd purchase of the K&N filter for my 2004 Harley Lowrider from Amazon . The packaging was not in the best shape but that is normal for Amazon warehouse deals . The part was in perfect ship as usual and shipping was quick . I love warehouse deals .
 Came as promised . Have not used it yet , but it appears to be of fine quality and will do the job as expected . I am pleased with this purchase .
 Very good product at an excellent price . Would recommend this product for Harley owners . With the nut at the end of the filter , a wrench is not needed .
 been changing my own oil for awhile now and when I tried these filters , I never went back to the other style , K&N filters are so much easier with the welded nut on the end ... I have NO complaints about them at all . .
 The part arrived on time , intact , fit and works well . I would recomend it.It is very satisfying to have such a pleasant experience for a product the one could not physically pick out at purchase .
 If you like your exhaust loud and growling , this is the muffler for you . I have a FLOWMASTER American Thunder exhaust system on my 1st Generation Camaro and had to replace one of the tailpipes so rather than fight putting the old clamped/crimped muffler -LRB- as an aside the old muffler is still in great shape 3 years later -RRB- back on I ordered a new muffler as well . So far I have been very impressed with FLOWMASTER products .
 I like ordering from Amazon . Royal Purple is the best oil for getting more gas mileage out of your vehicle .
 I use Royal Purple in my 2002 Ford F150 and my 2008 Dodge Charger . It keeps my engine clean and helps to add a little more horse power under the hood .
 I 'm no car expert . In fact my first car blew up because I did n't know I was supposed to feed it oil at all , but that turned out to be great incentive to learn more about oils ! Now , having tried various oils over the past 10 years , I only use Royal Purple whenever possible for a number of reasons : - My car immediately ran smoother and quieter when I switched to Royal Purple - Conveniently , I only have to change my oil every 8,000 to 10,000 miles - Though it costs more per quart , I save money in the long-run due to much less frequent oil changes - Synthetic oils do n't seem to gunk up my car 's inards nearly as much as organicsI also only use Royal Purple in my transmission and differentials . The ironic part of all this is that I work in the oil industry , and most of the people I work with and talk to say to use synthetics . I 've shopped around quite a bit , and it seems the prices do n't vary much , unless you purchase by the case -LRB- 12 -RRB- . Amazon is your best bet for that .
 I used to use Pennzoil Ultra Advance Synthetic Motor oil and Mobil 1 . I switch on and off between them . Both of the oils Work Perfectly fine . Car runs great and then I started to hear about royal purple , How people tell its an amazing oil and works wonders . I thought Synthetic oil is as good as it gets . Until I tried royal purple ... this is THE best oil i 've tried yet so far , I have n't tried Ams oil nor Red Line . But I 'm sticking to Royal Purple , Great Idles , More Torque and Power to the wheels , Engine Overall Performs Excellent . An Oil that Out Performs , Royal Purple . Go Buy it !
 This oil is much more pricey than regular oil , but it really is well worth it.We use all of the Royal Purple products in our Tahoe , Snowmobile , 4wheeler , and Dirtbike.Sorry its not so detailed like the other reviewers , but its great stuff !
 Royal Purple is expensive but it is worth every penny of it . I bought a brand new 2008 suzuki sx4 and had my oil changed every 3500 miles at the suzuki dealer but I was not satisfied with the performance the crappy dealership oil was giving me so I took matters into my own hands . At 16,500 miles , I decided not to go back to the dealer for my regular oil change instead I switched to changing my own engine and I began using royal purple oil . Now with the car at 30,000 miles I can say there has been a major difference in my engine 's performance especially the gas mileage . With the dealer oil , I noticed that my car became sluggish at 2,500 miles and my gas mileage suffered greatly from it . Since changing to royal purple motor oil , the sluggishness has disappeared , the gas mileage has improved , and I do n't have to worry about changing my oil every 3500 miles , I usually do it at 7500 miles -LRB- changing the oil filter at 3700 miles -RRB- . If you havent tried royal purple do so already , it is pricey but once you calculate the price of changing oil at 3000 miles to changing your oil once every 7500-10 ,000 miles you are actually saving yourself money .
 Great oil devieverd quickly . I use this in my 2008 Charger . It 's nice not changing it ever 3 months .
 Have been using Royal Purple oil in Ford Mustang since it was new in 2003 . Engine still runs great with no ticks or oil burn .
 Been running this product for a few years now . Works great . Will continue to buy this.Hint ... buy the royal purple filter . It 's designed for extended oil changes
 Royal Purple is the best product that I can put in my car . Never disappointed when I use this product , .
 Same great product found in stores at a cheaper price . I change my own oil so purchasing it in bulk at at a lower price really helps offset the cost of this stuff .
 Best oil on the web long lasting with protection that last past other oil on the market.I will buy It nex time .
 There 's plenty of controversy over wether or not its worth the money , I took the plunge and have n't had any problems in my 2012 f150 . Buying from amazon seals the deal with free shipping and no tax , not having to deal with the &#34; people of wal-mart &#34; is also a plus !
 Great oil , been using it for years never any issues with the engines I used this oil on . I 'd recommend to get the 5 gallon comes out way cheaper
 I 've used Royal Purple in just about every vehicle I 've owned , most recently in a 2010 Ford F-150 4.6 L . In a truck , with a V8 engine that 's rated for ~ 15/18 EPA , I was getting 19.8 consistently around town and on trips from Dallas to Houston I got a very impressive 28 MPG ! It really works . Coupled with a Mobil 1 Extended Performance filter I 'd do an oil change every 8000 miles or so .
 Great product . I 've been using Royal Purple in my cars for years , and never had an issue with it . I would highly recommend it . Though still always feels a little odd pouring purple oil into your car .
 I have a 1998 ford taurus with 156,000 miles on it . I have been running RP since my mother gave me the car at 120,000 miles . Since then , this car has been resurrected from death . It may be due to the synthetic oils in general , but there is still something to be said about RP specifically . Royal Purple has a high film strength . That property is the single reason for its lubricating superiority -- which results in more horsepower , less friction , less emissions , greater efficiency , and greater fuel economy . I 've been using the k & n ; air filter , RP synthetic , and the RP oil filter . On the drive from Columbus to Philadelphia , the total number of miles traversed over the number of gallons used was equivalent to 30 miles per gallon . This car , stock , was designed to get an EPA estimated 27 miles per gallon . This improvement is no doubt due to a combination of factors including aftermarket iridium bosch spark plugs , royal purple synthetic oil & filter , and the k & n ; air filter.If you look up the falex lubricity test of this oil compared to the other major synthetic brands , you find that RP is demonstrated to outperform . . However , it 's not clear that the all of the independent variables in the experiment were controlled . Specifically heat may not have been controlled , and as the third trial was conducted on RP , there is the possibility that the data was manipulated to give RP an advantage . . If that does n't make sense without a visual , just search royal purple on youtube and you 'll find a few experiments done by royal purple and its competitors on oil film strength . . Think about it , and you 'll see what I mean . All I 'm saying is RP needs to make more of an effort to demonstrate proper use of the scientific method with their extraordinary claims . After all , extraordinary claims require extraordinary inscrutable evidence.This product came in an amazon box , with the royal purple box of twelve one quart oil bottles within that . Very satisfied for what I ordered .
 This is the best oil I 've ever used . It 's a bit spendy , especially if you 're changing the engine and transmission too , but , I 'm glad Royal Purple exists and very happy to recommend it . Thanks Royal Purple !!
 Started to use this and noticed difference already . It 's definitely a better price here . The oil can run up to 6000k or 8k and that 's less expense for oil changes in the long run . Pair with royal purple filter and you 're good to go .
 Bought it from my local store , improved my Mpg 4 miles per gal . Have n't noticed much of a power difference it 's a V8 runs nice and smooth as advertised . Plan on changing my other fluids to keep my car running perfect ! Awesome stuff .
 When Katrina drowned our Dodge at almost 200,000 miles , Mobil 1 had left a clean , NO oil use , motor . The replacement Mazda asked for 5-20 which was not available from M-1 so we went with Royal Purple . So far , 70K miles , we are very satisfied . Will check in each 100 K miles . Hope we outlast the MPV so we can report on it 's terminal state.Carl
 I have a '09 Ford F150 Platinum . 5.4 L V8 ... Royal Purple gave me better gas mileage by 1.6 MPG . I used a performance K&N Oil Filter -LRB- Wrench on -RRB- and the royal purple . It 's amazing . I believe 100 % in this product .
 Good price , not the best , but I love doing my business with Amazon and its merchants . When it comes to oil everyone has their favorite , Royal Purple is tried and true , it has yet to let me down . Will buy again , also it came well packaged and in air tight bags .
 Best oil out there ! Want better gas mileage and higher performance ? Use Royal Purple and see for yourself . I use the 5w20 in a 2005 Dodge Ram 1500 with the 5.7 HEMI . It cost more because your getting more in every quart . Try it and like me you wo n't use any thing else in your car or truck.See Facts that I researched before I started using Royal Purple . Do the research or try it for youself before you lend judgements on items or comments by those who have . Of course , buyer always beware.Research : The racing markets associate outstanding quality and superior performance with Royal Purple . This reputation has been earned through Royal Purple 's relentless pursuit of lubrication excellence.Royal Purple formulates the most advanced lubricants available on the market today . Synthetic oils enable Royal Purple to make superior lubricants ; however , it is Royal Purple 's noncorrosive , proprietary Synerlec additive technology that provides Royal Purple lubricants with their amazing performance advantages . Synerlec additive technology truly is beyond synthetic.Royal Purple 's Synerlec additive technology forms a tough , ionic , chemical film on all lubricated parts greatly enhancing the oil 's performance.Royal Purple manufactures a wide range of high performance , synthetic lubricants for every use from top fuel dragsters to the family car , motorcycles , trucks , RVs and boats . Its industry experts are consistently developing products that outperform leading mineral - and synthetic-based lubricants in performance and protection.Numerous independent tests document performance gains by using Royal Purple lubricants . The sampling of results below are categorized by the performance gains reported . -LSB- ... -RSB- Tests Documenting Horsepower -LRB- hp -RRB- and / or Torque Gains : Just In ! - Drag Sport magazine
 I used this oil and the matching royal purple filter for the first two oil changes on my brand new 2012 Ford Fusion Sport AWD . I shortened the first two intervals to about 4,000 miles to get the initial break in materials out of the engine and then had each oil sample analyzed by Blackstone Laboratories . The Results were perfect ! The oil had tons of life left in it and could have definitely met \ surpassed the factory 10,000 mile recommendation while providing my engine with maximum protection .
 I have used Royal Purple for years and have NEVER had a problem with it . It is very good oil . Hundreds of thousands of miles in multiple vehicles -LRB- that I have personally owned -RRB- with very few mechanical problems is all the `` proof '' I have ever needed and is also why I will continue to use Royal Purple in EVERYTHING I drive . You may see a single review from time to time where someone may try to say it is bad oil and they may have a `` preference '' but if they say Royal Purple is no good or that it is not certified like other oils those are both lies so if you have never tried it please listen to the majority who have used it and try it for yourself and do n't let people who make false claims deter you . I am sure you will love it and like most people I fully recommend it to everyone .
 Royal Purple is an awesome oil . I used to use Mobil 1 which is a decent product but I would always hear a squeal on cold starts . I have been using Royal Purple for about 20,000 miles and I no longer hear a squeal during cold starts . The price on Amazon is at least 40 % cheaper then Autozone or any other local auto parts store .
 I purchased a 1989 ford ranger pickup after my xmission went out on my Mercedes ml320 . I needed something quickly I was in Tenn. it was Sat morning and I had to be in Maryland Sunday night . The truck looked like new and had a v6 . the oil was clean however I could tell it was changed recently . When I got to Maryland the engine sounded like it was going to come apart.I found out that this v6 had an oiling problem to the rocker arm assembly which was an oversight by engineering when the engine was developed . I got on the Internet and found this oil and read some amazing reviews , so I thought I would give it a try . I have been using it about 2.5 years and without a doubt I am sold on it . The engine was much quieter and ran better . I currently use it in 3 vehicles and will add another soon . Royal Purple motor oil .
 I 've always liked Royal purple . It just last longer compared to other synthetic oils , making it cheaper in the long run . I get around 15-18K between oil changes in my Expedition . I do swap out the K&N ; oil filter every 6k or so miles . I do so an increase in Highway mpg with the Royal purple vs what the Ford comes with.In my other two 4 banger cars , I do n't see any MPG improvements , but the once a year oil changes are great .
 The oil and oil filter came amazingly fast . I have been using Royal Purple for a couple of years and so far am satisfied . The synthetic oil allows for significantly longer life between oil changes -LRB- i.e. 6,000 - 8,000 miles -RRB- .
 I have a 2006 Scion tc ; I keep track of my mileage every time I refill.I typically got ~ 20mpg around town , and 24 on the highway.After having Pep Boys give me an oil change with Royal Purple , my mileage increased to around 23/27 . That is the only difference I 've noticed , but it 's quite impressive in my opinion . I 've always used synthetic oil in this car , but I do n't know which brand -LRB- s -RRB- as I just had my mechanic do it .
 Big difference when I put it in my 03 Ford Mustang GT . This is the only stuff I put in it . Will buy again
 I have been using Royal Purple products in my race car and my daily driver for years . Their product stands up !
 Royal Purple is the best stuff out there . It really makes your engine purr ... You can also feel the little extra horsepower it allows your engine to free up . I work at Sears Auto Center , so I should know a little bit about the oil . I have tried Mobile One , Valvoline , and Casteroil . Royal Purple puts them all to shame . As well , if you have ever changed your oil , have you looked inside you valve cover ? with this oil in particular you can look down inside of your valve cover and see how clean the internals of your engine are from its use . Like I said , its simply the best stuff out there ! I recommend using it , I change my oil every 4,000 .
 I 've used a lot of oil . This one works.How does an oil not work ? Check out -LSB- ... -RSB- There are several brands of full synthetic `` boutique '' oils . This is one of them . I also like Lucas Oil & Amsoil . In a pinch , I 'll also use Mobil 1 . I 'm no expert . But I do change my oil regularly & my cars tend to last a really long time . One of them has almost 300,000 miles on a Ford 5.0 engine . And if anyone knows anything about cars with a big V8 ; then you know that you ca n't help yourself when it comes to driving at WOT . If you plan on keeping your cars , then this may be worth the investment . If you trade in your cars every few years , then do n't do anything except for trading it back in . ___________________________________________________ Synerlec , Royal Purple 's proprietary , additive lubricant technology , is the cornerstone of RP 's entire product line . It creates an ionic bond that adheres to metal parts to provide continuous protection even at start-up and strengthens the oil to provide unparalleled performance and protection.Royal Purple 's high film strength prevents contact between metal parts and improves sealing inside the engine for more complete combustion and dramatically reduced wear . Improved combustion creates more power , better fuel economy and reduced emissions.Royal Purple remains on the metal surface long after ordinary lubricants would have been squeezed out by pressure and heat . It actually improves engine surfaces by responding to increased pressure with increased viscosity until the metal peaks -LRB- asperities -RRB- undergo deformation and flow into the low spots . Over time , the metal surface becomes extremely smooth and can even develop a mirror-like surface .
 I love motor oil and I love experiment with it too . I have a 2009 Acura TL and I only have 5000 miles . I did n't know how long the factory fill oil was sitting in my car when I bought it so after 1000 miles I changed it out to Red Line 5w20 because it is simply the best oil -LRB- polyol ester oil -RRB- when it comes to its additive pack -LRB- ZDDP-Zincdithiophosphate and Molybdneum -LRB- friction modifier -RRB- . Now after reaching 5000 miles I decided to change my oil and decided to try Royal Purple 5w20 . After researching the web and reading quite a bit on an oil forum , I was a sceptic because it was n't received well . I heard everything from it shears easily and does n't hold its viscosity to the fact that many used oil analysis -LRB- UOA 's -RRB- did n't show favorably on Royal Purple 's side . Well after having this oil in my sump for over a month , I can honestly say from the bottom of my butt dyno that I love this oil . I do n't know if it is in my mind or not but I feel that I have better low end power and torque and the car feels a lot smoother as well . Red Line is supposed to be a very good oil , if not the best and many people who use it brag or notice how smooth their cars run with Red Line . Do n't get me wrong the Red Line ran smooth in my car too but Royal Purple has given me a good balance of not only performance but also a quiet and smooth engine . Best of both worlds is what Royal Purple has given me . I am now a believer ! Give it a try and hope your results are just as well as mine.P.S . I also bought Royal Purple oil filter to go with the oil so I am running royally great products . Just go to Pepboys , if you have one and hold a royal purple oil filter , its the heaviest filter compared to the others that they sell there . I have seen the filter cut open and it has a 100 % synthetic glass media that filters the finest of wear materials but does n't restrict flow at the same time . Some filters will compromise oil flow for filtering efficiency and some do the opposite . Not Royal Purple or they claim that .
 Use this in a 2008 Honda Ridgeline , and a 2007 Mazdaspeed 3 . Will never use any other oil . We get much better gas mileage than anbody else on forums with this oil . It pays for itself . Use it !!!!!
 royal purple is one of the best synthetic oil out there . I use it on my mustang GT that had a lot of work done to it and now i use it on my two other cars . run better the sound better and on the mustang Dyno a 3 to 5hp gain nice .
 Synthetic oil is a lubricant consisting of chemical compounds which are artificially made -LRB- synthesized -RRB- using chemically modified petroleum components rather than whole crude oil . Synthetic oil is used as a substitute for lubricant refined from petroleum when operating in extremes of temperature , because it generally provides superior mechanical and chemical properties than those found in traditional mineral oils . _____________________________________________________________ In the 1970s , typical cars took 10W-40 oil which was used for a duration of 2,000 mi or less -LSB- citation needed -RSB- . In the 1980s , to improve fuel economy and engine performance 5W-30 oil was introduced which was then used for a duration of 3,000 miles . A modern typical application would use 5W-20 viscosity oil or synthetic oils for durations greater than 7,500 miles.From the early 1980s most oil change shops have been recommending an oil change every 3,000 miles . During the following decades engine technology and oil technology have advanced requiring less frequent oil changes under normal driving conditions . ______________________________________________________ Synthetic motor oils are man made oils from the following classes of lubricants : * Polyalphaolefin -LRB- PAO -RRB- = American Petroleum Institute -LRB- API -RRB- Group IV base oil * Synthetic esters , etc = API Group V base oils -LRB- non-PAO synthetics , including diesters , polyolesters , alklylated napthlenes , alkyklated benzenes , etc. -RRB- * Hydrocracked/Hydroisomerized = API Group III base oils . Chevron , Shell , and other petrochemical companies developed processes involving catalytic conversion of feed stocks under pressure in the presence of hydrogen into high quality mineral lubricating oil . In 2005 , production of GTL -LRB- gas-to-liquid -RRB- Group III base stocks began , the best of which perform much like polyalphaolefin . Group III base stocks are considered synthetic motor oil only in the United States ; -LSB- 13 -RSB- elsewhere they are not allowed to be marketed as `` synthetic '' . _________________________________________________________ The technical advantages of synthetic motor oils include : * Measurably better low and high temperature viscosity performance * Better chemical & shear stability * Decreased evaporative loss * Resistance to oxidation , thermal breakdown and oil sludge problems * Extended drain intervals with the environmental benefit of less oil waste . * Improved fuel economy in certain engine configurations . * Better lubrication on cold starts * Longer engine life _________________________________________________________ The disadvantages of synthetic motor oils include : * The lower friction may make them unsuitable for break-in -LRB- i.e. the initial run-in period of the vehicle -RRB- where friction is desirable to cause wear . Improved engine part machining has made break-in less critical than it once was , though . Many modern cars now come with synthetic oil as a factory fill . * Potential decomposition problems in certain chemical environments -LRB- industrial use dominantly -RRB- * Potential stress cracking of plastic components like POM -LRB- polyoxymethylene -RRB- in the presence of PAOs -LRB- polyalphaolefins -RRB- . * Synthetics do not hold lead in suspension as well as mineral oil , thus caution is advised when the engine is run on leaded fuel . -LSB- citation needed -RSB- As an example , leaded fuel is still commonly used in aviation -LRB- avgas -RRB- . * In July 1996 , Consumer Reports published the results of a two year motor oil test involving a fleet of 75 New York taxi cabs and found no noticeable advantage of synthetic oil over regular mineral oil . In their article , they noted that `` Big-city cabs do n't see many cold start-ups or long periods of high speed driving in extreme heat . But our test results relate to the most common type of severe service -- stop-and-go city driving . '' According to their study , synthetic oil is `` worth considering for extreme driving conditions
 I 've always been told that Royal Purple products were good , but more expensive than the products I 've used in the past . However , Amazon offered a package at a price that was actually cheaper than if I bought it at a local store , plus they shipped it for free . As for the product , since I tend to use quality synthetic oils in my 2008 Honda Civic I guess only time will tell , but I do seem to have more pickup that has a firmer feel . My Honda is slightly modified , but the other day I out ran a BMW that was attempting to cut me off as I merged onto the free way . Was it the oil ? I do n't know , but as long as I maintain my average of 35 MPG and can merge at that pace I will continue to buy Royal Purple . It should be noted that I also use ZMax at the same time , or when I can afford it .
 Just what the doctor ordered for a black and white jeep looking to get rid of any and all chrome . Wished the order included black screws
 Not sure what the point of these is but they look cool . Put them on my jeep just because I can .
 Most Jeeps look incomplete without that little extra flare . I do n't do any extreme off roading to whereas I need protection for my headlights ; the look just looks badass . I got it and the installation was quick and easy .
 Factory fitted HIDs too yellow ? You long for the BMW style light purple-whitish color ? This is your medicine . These bulbs - thanks to Philips engineering - offer you that ultra sexy looking color without any decrease in performance whatsoever . Just be realistic and do n't expect them to perform better , all weather , than your OEM bulbs due to their color temperature . These are purely for the looks . But for a replacement , there is n't a better one on the planet . Just be sure that your car uses the D2S type fitting for your factory fitted HID headlamp bulbs , than it 's a matter of plug & play . 100 % compatible with your stock ballasts . Also , I 've been using them for over four -LRB- yeah , 4 -RRB- years and never ever had any problem . So this means that they 're extremely reliable too . 5/5 for the performance , 10/5 for the coolness factor : -RRB-
 I recentley replaced my OEM bulbs on my INFINITI with the PHILIPS 6000K Ultinon D2S HID Xenon Blue White Bulbs , and the results were amazing . The color temperature was exactly what I was shootin for without sacrificing to much light . I personally seem to see the road better with these bulbs than the OEM 4300k bulb even when it was snowing , and also raining . Bulb gives off great color temperature , brilliant bluish white light . Everyone ask if that is the OEM bulb , and if not where can they purchase these at . Perfect product for a great price ...
 Item was shipped within the specified time and was received just as described . I replaced my original BMW X3 Bulbs with these and I 'm very pleased with the improvement in lighting and appearance at night . Highly recommend .
 These headlghts are the perfect color blue , and extremely bright . Definitely the best hid bulbs on the market !! I used them on a 06 BMW 325c . .
 I bought these bulbs to replace my 4000k factory one 's . I 'm so glad I did because they made a drastic improvement . Much brighter , cooler light , and everyone asks where I got them .
 This stuff worked like a deam . Followed instructions and found leak right away . But light and glasses also . Shipped on time and good price .
 THIS PRODUCT SAVED ME TIME AND MONEY . I NEVER WOULD OF FOUND THE OIL LEAK WITHOUT TRACERLINE DYE . MONEY WELL SPENT .
 great product i would buy it again -LRB- i mean again again cause i bought one for a friend :-RRB- -RRB- . i had mines installed in my honda , very nice and classy .
 Great value , good quality , works exactly as it should.It works great in my car . one push and my car starts .
 This product arrived as described with all the required installation components and directions . It fit my truck perfect . I recommend this product
 Overall this product is good ! Easy to install , seems to be sturdy and looks great on Dodge 2002 ! Only problem we had was that after my husband had installed them he noticed that on the passenger side the factory had installed the step pads incorrectly so one of them faced one way and the other the opposite . Minor detail to some , but when you pay for something you should get what you wanted . Needless to say they are sending another step pad ... hoping it will be as good as factory installed and little miffed that my husband has to install it himself ... considering it was the factories mistake ... but what can you do ! Hopefully this will be the last of the problems . Thanks
 this flowmaster 50 series sounds awesome deep tone and not to loud inside i have it on a jeep grand cherokee v8 4.7 . but be aware my friend got one on his v8 ford f150 and it is alot different than mine still deep tone but quiter not sure if the catalytic converter has anything to do with that his truck is 11 years old and mine only 5 .
 Excellent mufflers for my classic car . They have an awesome sound without alot of interior sound . Amazon was the best deal for price and shipping .
 They look great and have had them for about a year now and they are still holdong strong
 I give this 5 stars because it works and it deviates from the chrome coats : PBut I also line the circular face with round magnets , 12 of them ... so my oil filter is unique!I ride a 2002 883R to 1200 Harley Sportster .
 . Not yet installed on my HD , but the low cost and product quality are the strong point of this filter . After installation of new exhaust 'll put this filter .
 It fits ... . it has n't leaked , it has a nut on the end , which is a very nice feature when it comes time to remove it ... and without running tests , I am assuming it filters my oil well enough . This is a great alternative to the HD filter for about the same price . It 's also availabe in chrome for the guys who like bling .
 Installed this a few weeks ago to specifications and noticed a bit of a leak . Had to tighten it a bit more , and it eventually stopped . Not the worst filter ever , but that was certainly a surprise .
 2010 Harley-Davidson Sportster XL1200N Nightster . Filter works great . Easy to get on/off . Better filtration AND performance than stock HD Filter .
 I do n't know if the oil filter helped increase my mileage , but Putting in a new Oil Filter , some Royal Purple Max cycle 10W-40 , and the replacement K&N ; Air filter my mileage on highway increased by 20 MPG.Clearly worth the investment .
 According to product reviews and various Acura/Honda forums , these are supposed to be very reliable . They appear to be well built and offer a decent range for camber adjustments .
 At first I was sceptical because it was a very good price but it turned out to be a very quality dash mat the fit well and looked good . Ca n't go wrong
 Great Fit for Nissan mirror , excellent replacement part . Shipping a day slower , but it was easy to track on Fed-Ex .
 I have used this product for a while for the obvious reason - in my car the spare tire has to be stowed so the valve is hidden underneath . To check the pressure requires removing a cover , spinning off a wing nut , removing the jack and lifting the tire out of the trunk , checking the pressure , then reversing the whole process to replace it . In my truck I have to dig out a jack handle that 's stored under the rear seat , unlock and remove a plug so the handle can be inserted , twist it many times to lower the tire to the ground , drag it out from under the truck , check the pressure and again reverse the whole process to replace it . Needless to say checking the tire pressure in the spare is not something you want to do often . I purchased two of the Accu-gage Chek A Spares a few years ago . The one in the car simply snakes out from under the spare into the trunk where it can be grabbed and the pressure gage used . In the truck I drilled a hole in the rear bumper near that above-mentioned plug and mounted the hose there . This way I can just remove a valve cap and use the pressure gage . I have found that these hoses last for approximately 5 years , then start leaking air . At first I was n't certain but did find that every time I checked the pressure was way down in the spares . Replacing the hoses solved the problem . I 'll still use them , figuring a five year life expectancy is still better than the effort to check pressure without them .
 A flat or low pressure spare tire = no spare tire ! But spares are a pain to check and inflate . Mine are always buried in a well under a cover and with various tools on top . Some have spares mounted under the car . The inconvenient inaccessibility is why spares are so often flat . This brass and rubber extender enables me to snake the fill tube to an easily accessed part of the car . Now checking the spare tire pressure and adding air does n't require digging out the tire or crawling under the car . I would give it 5 stars , but have to see how well it holds up over time . If it is anything like their well-built Accu-gage EZ - Air Tire Gauge , I wo n't be disappointed .
 this worked great on my 2007 tacoma spare tire since it has a pressure thing on my spare tire and i need to put air in with out having to take it out under the pickup . so now if it shows low on air i can fill it up with this hose still attached i gave it four because i dont know how long it will last under the truck it may be a five star in few years for quality .
 This is an item that should come standard on all vehicles that are sold with spare tires . It seems that most spare tires are stored with the valve stem downward and this is a problem if you check tire pressures regularly like you should . It is also valuable if you drive a vehicle where the spare tire is mounted under the vehicle . This would be an excellent item to give as a gift as it ensures that you will have air in the spare , if checked regularly . Well worth the price for the convenience alone . Buy one for each vehicle . Do n't forget to remove it before you sell or trade the vehicle . Drive safely and enjoy the piece of mind you get knowing that your spare will be ready should you need it . Accu-gage - Chek A Spare , Valve Extender
 This is very nice for filling up Shrader-style bicycle tubes/tires . You can leave it attached to your manual bicycle pump and screw it on the tire 's valve - just like the good old days . I bought it because the thumblocks on all the bicycle pumps that I find nowadays are awkward , are always snapping me on the hand , and I can never remember whether the thumblock is supposed to be up or down . What is that about?I also ordered theTopeak Pressure-Rite Anti-Air Loss Connector , but this Accu-gage Valve Extender is much easier to use . I ordered another one for a friend .
 The product looks good . However , two important short-comings must be addressed.Pros
 I have had one in my Lexus for about 8 years and it holds the air in my spare tire just fine . I read a report that it does n't but that one does . This new one has a bit better quality than my one in the Lexus . I am using this one on my new Ford Expedition . I expect it do hold up well but only time will tell .
 Exactly what you need if you have an annoying older model motorcycle which has impossible to reach valve stems due to clunky drum brakes -LRB- I 'm looking at you Vulcan 750 -RRB- .
 this was way cheaper than any autozone r parts store in my locality . i paid like 27 dllrs n autozone is 100 dllrs . my mechanic installd it and my check engine lite was rset . . product wrks
 I bought this muffler after my MPG started dropping . I originally suspected the catalytic converter was plugged , and took the oportunity to just do the whole exhaust . As it turned out , the cat had imploded , the housing was completely hollow , and the old muffler sounded like it was full of sand . After the install , my Jeep ran way better . Throttle response picked up , engine idle was smoother , and I gained a noteble amount to torque -LRB- estimated 3-5HP , and ~ 10ft/lbs -RRB- . Now obviously mine was busted before this , so I may have just gotten back to factory , but for the price , worth it . I did n't gain any MPG in town , but my highway went up anout 2MPG which is great . I drive a Jeep Cherokee , so any gains to a 3300Lb barn with wheels is good news . My only complaint is that for the first week the Jeep had a very throaty sub sonic drone , and I would get a headache after about 10 minuts . Fortuantly this was just the computer adjusting the fuel mapping for the new unrestriced exhaust , and the drone stopped after a week or so -LRB- not Flowmasters fault -RRB- . It gets alittle louder at ~ 1250 RPMs now , but I think thats just harmonic , at any other RPM its a quiet , but confident sound , and I have the ability to rev the engine higher and still make power -LRB- with the plugged muffler the back pressure would halt power above 3K , I can safely get to 4500 now -RRB- . List of noted benifits : A/C does not require me to rev the engine before turning onDo n't have to push the throttle as hardPleasant sound at cruising speedsActually quieter than stock -LRB- though it was plugged -RRB- +2 MPG highwayQuicker startsSmoother idleNoticed power gainEngine revs faster , and freer
 What can be said about an oil filter ... it works as expected . I 'm a big fan of Wix oil filters for all my gas engines - 4 cars and a riding mower . Decent price from Amazon though I usually buy my filters in bulk elsewhere but that supplier does n't carry skinless filters .
 The folks at O'Reilly swear by Wix products - even over some of the more expensive filters . I 've never had anything but good luck with the Wix filters , so I continue to use them . I change my oil every 7500 with synthetic , usually Mobil1 . When I pull out the old filter , it always looks like it 's still in very good condition . The filter appears very well constructed with a good number of pleats . There 's a great website that compares various filters to the Wix . The guy slices them up , and compares many different aspects of the filters . Wix is a solid filter , no matter who you compare it to . Feel free to check out the link
 My HHR came from the factory with this same filter so it must be good and the price is less than other places .
 Why spend over $ 10 WIX , WIX is a cellulose and Synthetic filtering media that filters up to 10-12 microns with 45 % more capacity . With Full synthetic filter can go 7500miles or 6 months . I personally use Valvoline Synpower -LRB- 5w30 -RRB- with WIX and change oil once a year and change my WIX filter twice.There is only one oil and filter in my opinion better but cost 2 to 3 times more . Amsoil and Amsoil EA filters , combo works for 1 year or 25,000 miles .
 It would have been helpful on the ordering form to specify which of the two filters available for the Saturn VUE I needed . The right one came , but there was the possibility of a mix-up .
 This filter is highly regarded as a one of the better filter to use when changing your oil . Filter was easy to install -LRB- in 2012 Equinox -RRB- . Filter seemed to be of high quality .
 Two of these worked perfect on 2006 Dodge RAM . They took about 5 minutes to install . Make sure you order two . The price was cheaper than the local auto parts store .
 Old cylinders were worn out , on 2002 Dodge ram . Hood almost hit me several times , Ordered the Strong Arm 4634 , cylinders , and the problems are solved , Low cost , easy install , could not be better .
 I ordered these from Amazon because of the price . However , I ca n't tell any difference from the original and certainly a better price than what I can buy locally . And it only took less than 15 minutes to change so what are you waiting for ?
 I had a bad experence years ago with a computer and did not shop armazon . I give it a try and I can honestly say , im happy I tried again . Keep up the good work . Nigel
 my ram 2003 3500 hood would not stay open put these on and its the first time I have n't had to prop the hood open
 This was a great buy . Less expensave than the local auto parts store . They arrives on time in just a few days and fit perfectly . About a 10 minute install for both . It would have been quicker if I had a person instead of a broom handle to hold up the hood . One man install is a little difficult keeping the hood up . Great buy , works like OEM .
 This item was just as described in the ad and arrived on time . It is nice to get a Great Deal .
 They were easy to install . Only took less than 3 minutes . Noticed the difference immediately . Looking for another set for a different vehicle and will buy from the same company .
 exact fit and very strong . Now that I 've replaced them , I remember how the original struts felt 10 years ago .
 That says it all . If the old supports on your hood are getting weak replace them . Easy to install and fit just like OEM .
 Very strong cylinders . Good as OEM or better . Easy to install , just need a medium sized screw driver to put into the slot , twist and the retainer clip pops off . Should wear safety glasses , the clip can fly off if you are not patient and careful.Practice on your new unit to get the feel of sliding the clip off just enough to clear the hole where the cylinder slides onto the ball , but the clip does n't fly off . Yes , you have to slide up or remove the clips from the new units to clear the hole where the ball slides into the cylinder before you put the new cylinder on the hood mounts.After you have removed the old cylinder , a dab of white grease or vaseline on the tiny ball The mounting connection that is part of the truck at both ends of the cylinder -RRB- will make it easier to slide the new ones on . You do not need to compress the cylinder by hand - good luck on that if you try . Do not scratch the shiny chrome cylinder rod that is exposed.Do the passenger side first.On the driver side , you will likely need to loosen the battery -LRB- one 10 mm bolt holds the plastic battery hold-down block in place , which you will need to remove to slide the battery away from the end of the cylinder -RRB- . This is easy with a six inch extension on your socket wrench , but might be a pain without the extension.Safety - wear goggles or glasses , thin plastic-dipped garden gloves if you have them , ensure the hood is safely blocked open , or someone you trust is holding it up . If one of the new clips comes completely off , just slide it onto the rounded end of the cylinder after you have put the cylinder onto the ball -LRB- grease helps here -RRB- and patiently slide it into position by wiggling a little bit -LRB- the clip that is -RRB- and it will pop into place.The rules say to disconnect the battery first , before you work around it , but that is so you do n't drop a tool -LRB- or cylinder -RRB- across the battery terminal connections and blow up the battery in your face and mess up the electronics on your vehicle , etc. . Your choice.This can take you 5 minutes per cylinder Passenger side , and as much as 15 if not careful with the clips or you do n't have the necessary tools laid out when you start . Working around the battery takes longer.Won ' t be fun in really cold weather if you have to work outdoors , because of the spring clips.If you need to postpone the Driver side due to access around the battery , the Passenger side cylinder alone will easily prevent the hood from dropping onto your head again.Check your fluid levels , air cleaner and wiper blades while you are at it.Write it all down in your maintenance logbook.As usual , ordering from Amazon is fast and reliable and efficient .
 This is a good strong support . Better than the more expensive ones I picked up at the auto parts store previously .
 This is a superior product . Larger and more powerful than the original equipment and ... MADE IN THE U.S.A. !!!!! -LRB- Thanks from a Veteran and American patriot . -RRB- Perfect fit , exact replacement ... and you ca n't beat the price.Also , they are very easy to install . About 5 minutes per side is all it takes.So , if you 're using a broomstick to hold up your hood these will solve the problem.HB
 hood supports were great . only problem was installing them . instuctions were printed on a flap of the shipping carton . i was unable to access the manufacture site to print out the instructions . when the retaining clip was removed the it degraded the retaining clips tension used to hold the piston in place . rlw
 THE STRONGARM LIFT SUPPORT IS A GREAT BUY , HIGH QUALITY AND GOOD VALUE.I SHOPPED AROUND FOR OTHER LIFT SYSTEMS AND ALL OTHERS WERE VERY EXPENSIVE.I WOULD HIGHLY RECAMEND THIS PRODUCT .
 Product arrived today and I had it installed in only a few minutes with no special tools . Great product at a great price .
 Easy install . The hardest part was trying to figure out how to get the old ones off . Less than a couple minutes to change out both supports .
 Great product and price and fast delivery , before buying anywhere else , i 'll look here first.Those hood lift support are as good if you buy from any auto part store But better prices.http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000JZUR86/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 The hood on my '02 Ram stayed up sometimes and sometimes not -LRB- it 's a real shocker when the hood and grill come crashing down while checking fluids or whatever -RRB- . Got one of these and replaced the worst of my two struts and no more shower rod safety bar needed . Really easy to replace . There 's a video on Youtube if you need it.Don ' t even question this product , five star and more . All the way.Mark
 These work great , and they were easy to change.Fast delivery .
 I have a 2003 Dodge Ram 3500 pickup , the hood lift supports quit working and would no longer hold up the hood . I purchased this product and it was shipped very fast , had easy instructions , and 5 minutes later I had my new supports installed . They work great !
 Just replaced worn out stock lifts . I was surprised by the strength of this strong arm ones ; they are really strong and fit just perfectly ! . looking forward to reliable years of service .
 This product is a whole lot better than the OEMsupports I removed from my truck . $ 15 dollars cheaper for 2ea . than the made in China Autozone specials.Clinders are larger diameter and more sturdy . Made in the USA baby !!
 Strongarms work absolutely great on our 3500 Dodge Ram Diesel , Heavy Duty Truck . Struts are strong & stable , very much worth the price paid !!! Recommend totally !!!
 Sure wish I would 've replaced these a long time ago . Just one of them almost would hold up the hood ! A second hand would be helpful , but did it on my own with a board holding the hood up . I had to push the cylinder back/forth a few times -LRB- almost all my weight , pushing it against the ground -RRB- to loosen it up prior to installing . A little bit of a trick , but not complicated . One of the easier and effective upgrades I 've made on the truck -LRB- 02 Ram -RRB- . If you 're hood does n't stay up , definitely just get these - you 'll be glad you did !
 These work better than the ones that came on my Ram2500.Fast and easy to install took longer to unwrap them than to install ...
 We also most ordered this from lthe dealer , however , they we very expensive - saw this on the internet - works just like the originals - would recommend this .
 I ordered these as a replacement for my factory lifts , when they came I noticed they seemed a little beefier than my stock ones so I was a little skeptical . Turns out they worked better than my stock ones , I figured pressure would be to much but it was the exact opposite they actual performed better than my stock ones . Any Ram owner knows the trucks are built like tanks so why not upgrade and go with something that you know will work . I would highly recommend these as a replacement -LRB- upgrade -RRB- to anyone looking for new supports ... plus not only do they out perform the stock ones they are half the cost than the ones at the stealership .
 The existing hood lift went bad on my 2001 dodge ram -LRB- they do n't last forever , like I thought -RRB- . I knew they were n't cheep , so I went to Amazon and found my best price , with 2 day delivery . I purchased it and it was easy to install and works great .
 bought these for my 2002 ram 1500 on reviews that i read they were rated good and made in america . they were as i expected and shiped on time . easy to install . yes i would recommed this productDAN D. from PERRSBURG OHIO .
 This was ordered for a 2003 Dodge Ram 1500 and it fit perfectly . Arrived quickly and install was relatively easy . Works just like the original and is now much safer as the old one worked sometimes and not other times . Hope this lasts as long as the original . Also , cost was about a third of what they wanted at the auto parts stores .
 Perfect fit , and it only took about 10 minutes to install both and have a working hood again . . .
 Very quick delivery , excellent product ! Replaced the worn supports on my 2005 Ram . Took about 10 minutes to install -LRB- that long only because it took a few minutes to support the hood properly to install the first one -RRB- . As other reviewers mentioned , these seem better than the original OEM supports .
 they fit great and easy to install think they work better than the originals ones that was on there new
 Product was very affordable and arrived promptly -LRB- free shipping -RRB- . Very easy to install and they practically lift the hood by themselves - providing very strong support when the hood is in the upright position . Very satisfied .
 I installed these on my 2500 Dodge Ram truck and have had no problems with them . They were very easy to install .
 I received my new Dodge Ram Hood Lift Support struts promptly from Amazon . They fit perfectly and were most simple to install - and most importantly , they hold the hood up more strongly than the original equipment when the truck was new !!!!
 Very Strong and easy to install . Just one will hold the hood up by itself . Would recommend to anyone that needs them .
 Received StrongArm hood lift supports within 3 working days . Installation was a snap . The lift supports work better then I expected and the price is unbeatable .
 Must be a good product because it 's still lifting and holding up the hood since I bought a pair two years ago . They were easy to install too .
 This fit very nicely and I no longer have oil leaking from the transfercase of my 1990 F150 . My driveway will look much nicer now . : -RRB-
 I was quite pleased with the prompt shipment and quality of the product . Easy install .
 These Moog tie rods include a grease fitting which should extend part life over permanent lubed versions . Moog is the recognized leader in top quality replacement suspension parts . Amazon saved me $ 80.00 on a full set of 4 tie rods over my local Advanced store .
 This is super heavy duty . It has more power than coorded versions . . I think because the technology is modern , it 's machined with greater precision . It is quite heavy , heavier than a coorded tool.This can take off lug nuts of semi-trucks . Note that the chuck is a quick change hex . That means you will need an adapter to use standard sockets to remove lug nuts.This is essentially an impact wrench that has been re-tooled for self feed bit and auger bit drilling into things like telephone poles , railroad ties , and walls of buildings . With a normal drill , when a large bit like that gets bound up , the drill will just keep turning and you can literally break your wrist . With this , the impact is absorbed by the hammer/anvil of the drill .28 v batteries last a very long time in this drill . This drill is also a heavier duty commercial grade big brother to the 18v version , it 's not just the battery size that is different . The entire tool is beefed up.It can drill massively wide and deep holes , it can remove nuts . It is heavy duty . And the battery will last forever . If you are in the market for this type of tool , then this is the one to get.Downside . . not compatible with 18v systems.Hope that helps !
 When I originally became aware of this tool , I asked my contractor friends , what 's it good for . The answer seemed to be
 LOOKS OK LIKE IT IS SUPPOSED TO AND THE PRICE IS VERY RESONABLE FOR THIS ECONOMY SEAL THANKS ! I WAS FORCED TO PUT MORE WORDS THAT I WANTED TO
 Fits well on my 97 4runner inlet and outlet matched perfectly , just a coulper and some welding and it fit just like the factory muffle .
 Love warehouse deals and the products I buy . Cant find a better deal anywhere else . Highly recommended for anyone looking to get a deal .
 This product will meet your expectations ! No surprises , it is a good product and the price was reasonable . Highly recommended !
 It is exactly as described . that said , be aware that it is a little different from the oem gsr set up . i had to bypass the cooling that goes to the throttle body . no big deal , just thought it should be known . might save someone a headache ! HAPPY WRENCHING !!!! DONT FORGET TO TUNE IT WHEN DONE . ALSO ... ADJUST TPS to 0.500
 This product is an excellent buy and great quality . It fit the need . Highly recommended . Great price and very affordable compared to many other places .
 I 've been using these Wix filters since day 1 on my Duramax LMM Silverado . Great protection and great amazon price.Bought 2 filters for what I pay for 1 at my local shop . Wix makes great fuel filters too .
 Wix is a respected brand in the oil filter market . Though I 've never had any issues with cheaper Fram filters they seem to be a bit thinner in the metal than the Wix . Filtering tests on the Wix that can be found online show superior filtration using the Wix also . I run synthetic Mobil 1 5w 40 in a Duramax diesel so this filter I run for about 10,000 miles between oil changes . So far so good .
 i purchased this part for my wifes car . . ive used moog parts before the parts are solid and assembly was easy
 I decided to change this myself after getting a crazy high quote from a mechanic . It consisted of draining the oil , removing 11 bolts , prying off the old pan , scraping the excess from the old seal , then putting the new one on with the sealant and replacing the bolts and finishing the oil change . It could not have been easier . The hardest part was after removing the bolts cutting and breaking the old seal . Also since my car was low to the ground we used a jack with a wood block on top then put in jack stands on one side to give some working room . The seal worked great and stopped my leak from the factory seal .
 Motorcraft calls this a kit , though they only give you the actual screen -LRB- filter -RRB- not the gasket for your transmission so buyer beware you need to also buy a gasket.After searching I found a FelPro Gasket TOS18731 which is the one you 'll need with this filter . That part is also available from Amazon searching TOS18731.Overall Amazon has the best price for this `` kit '' though Motorcraft sucked at describing this as a kit , as kits typically include the gasket . Much better than the generic Fram style stuff that you could be putting in your car.Overall about $ 18 for the Motorcraft FT131 and another $ 12 for the FelPro TOS18731 nets you $ 30 for the best parts to replace your ATF filter . Be sure to use the right ATF fluid as well . Newer Ford and Mazda vehicles with this transmission typically take Mercon V and only Mercon V , not the combo stuff or lower Mercons.Have fun !
 This new filter does its job as well as it ever should , and it was extremely easy to install in place of my 12 year old one that had a dirty and brittle filter .
 Since it was an Motorcraft original -LRB- OE -RRB- equiptment filter ... it fit perfectly when I did a transmission oil change on my 03 ' Ford Focus . Was much cheaper then the dealership -LRB- stealership -RRB- wanted . Amazon service excellent as usual . Received in 2 days from ordering .
 I replaced a filter that I bought at a parts store due to what I thought was poor construction where the two halves were not glued or melted together very well ... with the possibility that the filter might suck air ... a no-no for your transmission . This filter has a metal ring crimped around the two halves so there is little chance of air getting into the filter .
 This is a slick product . Not only does it save your aluminum fairlead . It also doubles as a winch line weight .
 excellent product/packaged individually/quality USA made products . the castings for these steering products are quality manufactured/casted and will replace OEM items having 130k miles
 I ca n't remember what I bought this for , but I 've done front end work on my wife 's 99 maxima , and my 04 RAM . All parts are by moog , and the quality is better than OEM .
 Easy ordering , great price , fast shipping . Flowmaster allways has top quality products . Gave my truck a mellow , powerfull sound and increased gas mileage a percent or two . If I can stop stepping on the gas so I can hear that wonderful sound . All in all a great buying experience .
 My boyfriend and his truck and very happy with this product ... He was like a kid in the candy store when he got his package . It was here in very good time .
 Fits '95 Chevy K2500 5.7 350 . HOWEVER ... This muffler is shorter than your stock muffler . I required approx 6 '' of extensions . I used 2 - 3 `` Dia x 2 `` L on the inlet connecting to the intermediate pipe and 1 ea . - 2.5 `` Dia x 2 `` L on the outlet connecting to the exhaust pipes . Good luck . It sounds good ! Deep and throaty .
 Received it quick and installed it myself sounds great not too loud and not quiet either . Great price too the material used to make it will last forever .
 I started working on my cars recently after getting fed up with paying ridiculous prices for work I know I could do for a lot less.I wanted something rubber , not plastic and something that will last a long time and these are exactly that.Fit perfect under the wheels , and they do n't move . You can just tell when you pick them up that they 're high quality , a bit more expensive than the plastic ones but I feel the extra few bucks was worth it . They do smell a bit when you get them but anything rubber tends to smell .
 These chocks are great ! Well built and sturdy . It 's hard to believe something this good costs so little !
 This works exactly as I had hoped . It 's simple , solid and durable . I use it at boat ramps with my truck as a safety . I like it because some of the other products were light , cheap and would n't stay in place . This one is great .
 Bought these to chock ANY vehicle I would find myself working under . Using these chocks , I have absolutely NO HESITATION getting under any personal vehicle . I use these to stop my Suburban and they work great . I think I saw a couple people complain about this style because they would like handles . Gim me a break . I just need them to keep a 4,500 lb vehicle from rolling and therefore crushing me . I do n't care about stinking handles. : - -RRB-
 Great value . Would be better with pull handles or a cord , but I did n't want to pay for that feature . I use in conjunction with Rhino Ramps .
 title says it all.Heavy duty ; it actually is ` heavy ' weight-wise . Reasonably priced.Overall , very nice . Shipping can add to the price , but it is worth it . I bought 4 .
 This is a wheel chock that will allow me to drop a trailer on a slope and not worry about it falling off the jack stand .
 The right size . Make sue to buy two . These are alot safer than what i used to use . I didnt want to spend the money at first but i am glad now
 Before I ordered these chocks , I ordered a set of plastic ones . Why ? Because they were cheaper and I am a cheap skate . Well , the purpose of a wheel chock is to prevent the wheels from turning . In order to do that , the chock has to stay in one place . Plastic chocks do not accomplish that purpose because they do not grip the ground . Rubber is the ideal material for this purpose . These chocks are heavy too , so when you put them down , they are not going anywhere.As a cheap skate , I would recommend spending the extra money and get these chocks over plastic ones . If you are too cheap to order these , then get a few bricks . They will work better than plastic wheel chocks .
 Great product , great purchase , fast shipping ! I use these in our garage , for safety , while maintenance is being done on vehicles Or knowing when to stop , while backing in our vehicles . I shopped the internet , and once again Amazon had the best price . Thanks Amazon for making this happen !
 works great , should have ordered two more since they are sooo nice . They are heavy but very duriable . I would recommend these to anybody
 I had to buy something that WORKS and that is heavy rubber . These are a good investment to assure you vehicle wont move unexpectedly . I got 4 of them at a decent price + shipping . I 'm happy that they are heavy -LRB- about 4.5 lbs each -RRB- pretty good chunk of wedge rubber locking your tires in place . I would expect these things to last over many uses many years .
 I have been using these for a while now to block the wheels on various cars and trucks when I jack them up , or put one end up on 2 jack stands . These are big enough , heavy enough , and sticky-rubber enough to wedge in tight and they stay PUT . No danger of them sliding or crushing like the molded plastic alternatives . Too bad they 're not Prime Eligible -- Amazon should drop the others and carry these instead -- but pony up for the small shipping charge ; it 's worth it .
 Decided my life was n't worth cheap $ 10 plastic chocks from Wallyworld . So I invested in these . They are solid heavy rubber chocks . They are n't going anywhere and you can climb under your rig without fear of dying when it starts rolling under those cheap plastic chocks . Price was good too .
 Excellent wheel chock for a large car or pickup truck . Does what it is supposed to do ! Not too heavy but not too light either . Just right .
 I bought these for my RV and they work just great . I thought at first they might move with the trailer but they stay put . I would recommend rubber chocks .
 work good would be nice if there was a rope attached to make it easyer to pull out from under the tires
 I put these on a 98 Mustang . They sound great with the bbk headers and x pipe . I previously had a 93 fox body with two chamber flow masters , bbk headers & x pipe that sounded good along with a 97 mustang with the same setup , but with three chambered flow masters . I knew going into a restoration project I needed some performance mufflers just without the `` aggressive '' drag sound . These came out with just enough rumble
 These mufflers are great . They only give a slight rumble on a '88 5L T-bird . They are perfect if you do not want to be noticed . I will defiantly be using these on my 5.8 Mustang project .
 The Ingalls Camber Bolts are fantastic . I 've ordered several sets through amazon and they deliver every time . I see no reason to spend big bucks on camber bolts when these will adjust and lock down just as good as any other ones .
 I was just going to replace my ball joints before I found this product . By replacing the control arm I did n't have to rent a ball joint press and I got new bushings . Oredering the whole control arm online cost less than just buying the ball joint locally . As of this writing , this item is the same brand and part number that Autozone uses - for half the price !
 Ordered from Amazon and received the shipment without delay . These items are a perfect fit on my 1999 Jeep Wrangler . Have had them installed for at least 2 years and they are still looking brand new . Highly recommend Amazon for products they carry !
 Have used these pads on various vehicles.As long as they are burnished properly after the initial install they last long , brake good and there is n't very much dust on your rims.Have ` nt heard a squeak outa ' em yet either .
 Best prices on the internet , fast quick shipping , product arrived just a couple days after ordering . Best brake pads , at the best price . Order them , install them this weekend , and RIDE SAFE !!!
 Best brakes on the market ! I have a heavy bike -LRB- 860 lbs -RRB- . I ride two-up , and pull a trailer alot . These stop great !
 I have had this on my car now for about a year and a half -LRB- Chrysler 300 -RRB- . Has held up perfectly with zero issues . Highly recommended . Extremely easy to install as well .
 As usual Dorman has a great product with a good price . These control arms are an easy replacement , and are definately the way to go instead of replacing bushings .
 The first one took more than 6 hours to install . The second ... just over an hour -LRB- learning curve -RRB- . Great replacement for the OEM parts .
 This item fit perfectly , works flawlessly , and did not require anything more than a factory OEM part did , without the extra cost .
 These look to be a good quality wheel.They fit on my wheeler perfectly . They have a nice polished finish.Only drove them down the road once , seem to be well balanced.These are much less expensive than a stock steel wheel , and look much better than the stock wheel.Only gave them 4 stars because I have not had them out on the trails yet , to see how they hold up .
 I do n't know if anyone else will have this problem ; the scraper and squeegee both work really well , but the squeegee makes this really high pitched squeal when you use it . And when you have neighbors close by and try to use it at 6 am , it 's pretty loud .
 I got this for my grandma for Christmas because she loves the 49ers . It 's a great size , has great colors , and is all around perfect : D
 Represent your NFL team in style with this cute , sporty antenna ball ! Excellent quality , very well made . I was pleasantly surprised at how sturdy my lil guy is . We rocket down the highway everyday but I 've never lost him ! I would caution against rabid NFL fans ; my sister had her Cowboys antenna ball ripped off and stomped flat by an angry Broncos fan ! A small amount of rubber cement applied to the inside of the ball before affixing to the antenna will discourage theft ! Cute way to represent your NFL team !
 Well packed and it arrived in perfect condition . I was pleasantly surprised that the inner and outer races were already installed . I 'm so happy with it , I bought another for my other wheel . It was cheaper to install a new rotor and bearings than it would have been to resurface the old rotor , remove the old races , and press in new ones .
 Item were in perfect shape , no nick scrapes , Arrived in record time . Motorcraft BRR21 Front Disc Brake Rotor -RSB- -RSB-
 This stuff is AMAZING.I do n't use it on cars , though . My hobby -LRB- some call it an obsession , but are 14 sewing machines really too many ? -RRB- is restoring and fixing antique and vintage sewing machines . If you 're not familiar , the ones from about the mid-1960 's and back are all metal , and some of the older ones have some amazing decal work on them.The problem I was running into was getting these poor things clean . After 80 to 100 years of either being used or sitting in someone 's garage , basement , or barn , you can only imagine the amount of dirt and grime that ends up on these things.I needed a product that would not only bring the showroom shine back on these machines , but also safely clean the decals . Most conventional cleaning products would severely damage them!This stuff does the trick , 110 % . As long as your clear coat is intact over the decals , I have had no stripping or silvering problems with them . Now , if the clear coat is gone , it will cause a bit of damage . But otherwise ? I have brought many , many machines back to looking like new again with this product . I 've used it on machines dating from 1885 to the 1960 's . As long as it 's metal , this stuff strips away the years of hard-to-remove grime like magic .
 I bought this after reading someone 's restoration on a vintage singer sewing machine . Let me tell you , it works ! My machine is close to being done and the shine is back !!
 I own an old 83 CJ7 and the paint was fading badly . I happened to stumble upon this product at Pep Boys and when I read the back label I thought to myself , `` wow , that 's a bold statement . '' Blue magic stated they I should be happy I just purchased the best wax in the world . Being skeptical , I quickly grabbed my BlackBerry and did my own research . All the reviews I read coincided with what the label read . So I bought a can for about $ 8 and gave it a try . I was amazed . Not only was it very , very simple to apply , -LRB- I have clay bared my car before and that is a ton of work -RRB- , but the results were amazing . Since applying the product I 've had several of my neighbors inquire what product I used and they plan on making the purchase for their cars/trucks . Again , this stuff holds up to what they tell you on the label . I would highly recommend it to anyone who asked .
 This stuff is amazing . I 've been trying for months to buff out the faded , 50 year old , oxidized finish on my '63 Galaxie . I tried several different types of polish and wax with a powered buffer without much success . I decided to give this stuff a try and it works like a charm . You put it on by hand and you do n't even need to apply that much pressure . It lifts up the caked on junk on the paint like magic . It brings the old paint back to life . It even removes some minor scratches and surface rust as well.Some words of advice
 too bad the people at Pep Boys dont carry it anymore . i have a 1993 bmw that i got as the third owner . parts of the car , like the hood , roof , and some areas on the doors are not in good shape , paint wise . after the winter , the paint always has water spots on it . prewax cleaners like Mother 's or Meguiar 's dont touch the problem . the only other product i tried besides TR3 was the prewax cleaner by Liquid Glass . it was certainly better than Mother 's or Meguiar 's but it was n't that good . However , TR3 is the best choice for me . BMW 's do not have clear coat , at least not my model year . it sometimes needs 3 applications to make the surface look really nice if you let the car out in the elements for months but it will always do the job ! I usually put Liquid Glass polish over top this , but i guess you dont have to . one thing i do not like is the metal can . it 's hard to get just the right amount out on your cloth . i recommend transferring the product to something like your wife 's best tupperware container . then dipping your rag into the container will be 100 times less frustrating . when my product was about half full , i got annoyed with how hard it was to get out of the can , so i added water , shook it up and used it that way , BUT i added too much water . If you do add water , follow their instructions and just add 5 to 10 percent . personally , i would n't use this product on a newer finish that is n't oxidized . i 'm sure you can with good results too , but i just would n't . Also , it should be noted that if you have oxidized headlight plastic , this product is every bit as good as products specifically designed for that purpose . I highly recommend this product !
 During college in the late 90s I used to detail cars for a Mercedes Benz dealership . We had access to all the professional strength polishes and waxes so my personal cars were always had a perfect showroom shine . Over the many years since I left that job , I have tried just about every over the counter wax and polish you can get.Fast forward to 2011 ; I was cleaning out under my kitchen sink the other day , where I have all my car cleaning stuff , and I found an old can of TR3 way in the back buried under some old microfiber towels . Must have been back there for 5 years or more . I shook it up and put a coat on a 2003 Stratus that I picked up for a winter beater . The red paint was already in great shape and TR3 made it look so clear and deep . Know I remember why I bought this stuff ! So from there I put a coat on my 1990 Mustang GT convertible , it has the original bright red paint in good shape too . Again , the paint looks wet and deep , like it must have looked in the showroom back in 1990 . TR3 is comparable to the professional stuff I used at the dealership.In short , TR3 is probably the best over the counter stuff you can buy and for the price , you ca n't go wrong . In fact , I just ordered 2 more cans from Amazon . But since this is a polish , I would suggest allowing the TR3 to cure overnight , then apply a good wax from Maguire 's or Mothers to protect the polish and keep the shine .
 I have to admit , my thoughts when I first saw this , `` It 's crap . '' I did research and the feedback is exhilirating . I bought some and wow ! I have a white car . It removed the tar , scuff marks from my shoes , and whatever the other stuff that was on the paint . Would I recommend this for you to buy ? Most certainly !!! If you are familiar with claying your car , this is a great prep prior to clay .
 This stuff works better than rubbing compound , and is a lot easier to use . I am very surprised that it is not available on the shelf locally because it works like nothing I have used before . As long as there is paint left on the vehicle , it will bring it back almost like new . I highly recommend TR3 ... worth every penny and some .
 I used this product when I was a teenager , 35 years ago , it was the best then and still is now . Ca n't get it in the parts store anymore . . but thanks to amazon I have found it also purchased for use on clear coat it is just as great . . Thanks
 Hard to find ... but , great . I have used it for more than one vehicle life times . Remember ... a little goes a long way ... that 's why one can will last years .
 Like many other users state that this thing is the bomb , they are right on . I have a 10 year old Toyota that had some dull looking oxidized paint on it . Not too bad but dull nonetheless . Tried many other waxes to get the shine on it but it was very temporary . One use of this stuff and the shine is brilliant and beautiful . This glaze is totally worth the time and effort work on any car and the results are fantastic . A + + + + !
 Living in Florida we deal with the punishment the sun doles out on our cars but also the punishment the ocean gives to a boat . I have used specialty products from the marine industry to keep the oxidizatioj off the fiberglass hull of my boat for years with marginal success . One day after detailing my car I figured I would wipe a little TR3 on the boat . WOW ! With almost zero effort it brought the color and gloss back to a like new condition . So much so that I thought , ok this will quickly disappear after it drys up a little and I 'll have to redo again soon . Not even close ... this stuff lasted nearly all season before having to reapply . I now make it a part of my twice a year routine on cleaning my boat and the results are great . Like others have said , it 's nearly impossible to find in stores now but it goes a long way . Just bought anther can on Amazon and just pray that I am able to find it in the future .
 I bought TR-3 primarily to protect my 8-yr old white Tiger Provan RV . I thought it was already pretty clean , but during the application process I observed it was removing layers of previously hard-to-see grime that had turned my baby an off-white -LRB- I bought it used several yrs ago so I did n't see the original paint job -RRB- . Now it is a BRIGHT white ! Who knew?I can not evaluate the durability of the finish yet - but it 's a heck of a cleaner at a great price . TIP
 We have been using TR3 Resin Glaze since the late 70 's . My boss at the time requested that we try it out on our 1976 Honda . He was given a sample bottle from marketing and wanted to see if it was good enough to add to his auto supplies business inventory . It works wonders . Long time use keeps your paint job in excellent condition for years to come . My husband has tried other products on both our domestic and import vehicles and always returns to TR-3 . Says nothing on the market works better . We like it for how easy it is to apply and the shine it leaves behind .
 I 'm a long time fan of Liquid Glass and lately we ca n't get it anywhere . So I decided to give this TR3 a try.Glad I did , this stuff is awsome ... My daughter just bought a 2004 grand prix that looked like it never was waxed , the paint was fadded and ruff to the touch . So I put TR3 to the test . I applied it with a buffer and wiped it of by hand . -LRB- easy to remove -RRB- The results were amazing , the car looks new.I 'd recomend TR3 to anyone , this stuff is great ...
 I used to have a car detailing business and used this product for years . I thought they quit making it because you do n't see it in the stores anymore . I found it on amazon.com and ordered 3 cans . One can will do an suv 3-4 times . It is very easy to use and lasts a long time . This is a great product to use , then an hour after removing put a coat of 100 % carnuba wax on top . best mirror like shine you can get . Also restores old paint as well as protects new paint .
 I used Blue Magic on both cars - one is 11 years old and the other is 6 years old . After washing and drying the cars i applied the paste and wiped off with clean cotton cloth as directed on can . Not only did it leave a great waxed finish but it renewed the color closer to new than with any other product i have used over the years . I highly recommend this product .
 This product is awesome ! It takes off all kinds of marks etc from your car , pickup or motorcycle finish and shines it up like it 's brand new . I 've never used such a great product before .
 To revitalize our rv , my husband used TR3 and had wonderful results . Also recommends it to many of our RV friends .
 I had a can of Mothers , Maguiers and this in my garage . So I put the three to the test against each other . While the other brands may have felt smoother they did not bring out the metallic sparkles that TR3 did . So I used TR3 to the rest of my car and it sparkles and shines as it should . I will start buying and using this product now that I know the differences in products .
 I bought an older Bronco about five years back and happened upon this TR3 Resin glaze just to see if it wouod shine up the old paint job . Let me tell you , the car was SO OXIDIZED ! I never thought I 'd get what I got in this little can of magic ! After the first few sweeps -- you put it on wet with the rag , wait til you see it get white -LRB- dry -RRB- and buff it off by hand -LRB- if you 're old fashioned and using `` elbow grease '' -RRB- , then move on to the next section . Wow , after about 10 rags and a couple of days -LRB- that was hard work ! -RRB- , my Bronco looked LIKE NEW ! When I went to look for it for my next car a few years later , there was only one store in my town that sold it ... So I bought the last can they had on the shelf and hand-carried it all the way to my next home in Alaska -LRB- the shippers wo n't ship chemicals -RRB- . I wanted to be sure I did n't have any problems finding my old buddy when I needed it ! Here it is 3 years later and my son 's high school friend had some key marks on his car and they bought the drill buff pad and got out the buffing stuff . I just got home from the office and the guys are out there staring at how beautiful their car is ... and the one young guy said `` This stuff is AWESOME ! '' So , knowing that there is no place in AK that stocks this stuff , I came in to do a google search and see where i can find my next can ... and when I saw it had no reviews , I had to get the word out . This stuff is the BEST ! Now , if someone can help me find something as good that will clean all the brake dust off of the aluminum rims on my car ... I 'd be forever grateful ! It 's permanently part of the metal now , I think ... and my $ 3000 rims look AWFUL ! Wish they had this stuff for my rims ... hey ! Maybe I 'll go see if it works !
 I 've used TR3 Resin Glaze for over 25 years on five different vehicles . Nothing compares to it . It 's better than a typical wax . It really brings out the shine on old finishes and does a very nice job of extended protection against the usual assaults to the paint finish.Like any similar product , you need to set aside a block of time to do your entire car since you 'll be doing it in sections and waiting for each section to dry before moving on to the next one . Basically you apply a thin coat and let it dry to a white haze -- usually about 30 minutes . Then take a cotton towel or rag and gently buff it off , turning the towel frequently.The topmost layer comes off easily . But then there 's a second layer of milky mike and perhaps some temporary spottiness that you must continue to rub a little . Once that 's gone , a fantastic shine emerges . Two hours after that the remaining resins have completely cured , so they caution to keep the car dry for the first two hours after completion.It 's not the easiest product to find , but it 's available from one national auto parts and supplies store , as well as several places online .
 I had used a product years ago called an auto finish restorer but could n't find it any more . After reading the can this looked as close to what I used to buy . I have a 97 Passat and the hood was dull and looked terrible . The car had been wrecked by a previous owner and thought the paint could be some after market substandard paint . I did one 10 inch circle the day I bought the glaze and it looked great . I finsihed the hood today and it looks like new paint . I wish it could fix the stone chips but it really looks like the hood was just painted . Even the black grille and yellowed headlights look 10 times better after using this . Tomorrow I will top it off with a Techwax finish and all should be good for another year .
 I started using this product over 20 years ago on my Dad 's '66 Buick Wildcat . It took care of the heavy oxidation on it and left a fantastic finish . Now I use it to detail my cars and my friend 's cars . Cuts right through tar spots and rubber streaks . Leaves a lasting protective finish that makes washing and cleaning the car later , easier . Best stuff around . Glad I finally found a place that sells it . Thank you for still making it !!
 TR3 resin glaze is the best car shine I have ever used , I cant find it in the stores anymore though ?
 I found thar TR-3 does a great job on cleaning and polishing old prewar trains -LRB- tin that has been painted with enamal from the 1920 's and 1930 's -RRB- buy Lionel Ives and American Flyer used sparingly it can clean around the rubber stamped lettering and over the lettering without damaging it . It is also great for cleaning and polishing plated bathroom fixtures .
 TR3 has no peers . Have used this product for over 25 years . It is , by far , the best car cleaning/polishing product on the market . It is also a great value compared to some of the newer and supposedly better car care products . If TR3 ca n't get your car to shine nothing can . Simply the best .
 This is the best polish I have every worked with and it makes my 1993 Audi shine ! - and its red which is easily oxidized.It will fix scratches as well .
 TR3 is easy to use , protects the paint , lasts a long time . I am able to polish my car more often than more tedious waxing .
 I 've been an automobile mechanic for over thirty years , and TR-3 is the best one step auto polish I 've ever used . It not only takes out swirl marks , but it leavesa great shine . It also takes out stubborn stains from acid rain , bird droppings and a lot of other things , and best of all , it is very easy to use , I highly recommend TR-3 . It also works on painted appliances like stoves and refrigerators.Thank you , Greg D -LRB- Boston MA -RRB-
 Best paint restoration product I have ever used ! This product brought the shine back to some old farm equipment better than I thought would be possible . I would recommend this for any vehicle that has lost it 's shine . Some types of paint do restore better than others though . On one tractor there were several different types of metal that were all painted red . Some paints really came back red while others were definitely better but not as good .
 I 've used all of the name brands . I used this today for the first time on my black 2012 Challenger was was just blown away . The car literally looks wet . For shine and protection , I will never use anything else.BTW , it goes on easy and comes off easy .
 I have been using this product for many years . It 's great , it 's easy to use and the shine lasts for a long time . Safe for most any automotive paint including the clear coat on most cars . Highly recommended .
 I AM USING THIS PRODUCT SINCE 1980 , JUST THE BEST FOR ALMOST ANY STAINS ON YOUR CAR AND OTHER MISCELLANEOUS APPLICATION , IT IMPRESSED ALL MY FRIENDS AND RELATIVES ON IT 'S EFFECTIVENESS WHEN APPLIED .
 I 've used many auto and boat polishes over the past 40 years and this is the best ever . Will take off oxidation , tar and minor scratches and is easy to apply and remove . Try this and you 'll not need anything else .
 I bought this on recommendation of my sewing groups . I use it on my vintage black Singer sewing machines . It polishes wonderfully , easy to use , good results.No cons for me.I would highly recommend it to anyone for this use .
 There are many things to use for your car and this is one O would recommend for teh body of your car . This wax is one that does show up on black plastic so do not use it for plastic parts . This is a resin glaze that dries very hard , makes a really protective coat and has lasted far longer on my pickup than any other wax I have used . It is amazing stuff I used to find at the hardware store but have had to resort to online ordering lately ... But this is the best thing you can do for your vehicle 's paint job .
 Blue Magic 12A TR-3 Resin Glaze - 16 fl . oz.Blue Magic 12A TR-3 Resin Glaze - 16 fl . oz.Blue Magic 12A TR-3 Resin Glaze - 16 fl . oz.Blue Magic 12A TR-3 Resin Glaze - 16 fl . oz.Blue Magic 12A TR-3 Resin Glaze - 16 fl . oz .
 Old school formula for cleaning paint on cars . Worked years ago , works today ! Good product at a fair price point .
 This has to be the best polish on the Market . I have used it for years on all makes of Automobiles and boats with great satisfaction . I would highly recommend this ; produce to anyone interested in ease of application and beautiful results ... Lonnie , Lake Mathews California
 My bike had an aftermarket pipe when I got it . Bike lacked power big time . Would barely free rev past 6000 RPM . Installed without the air box cover , K&N filter as instructions said using largest jet . Bike runs great now . Have not checked mileage but it runs clean and is very responsive . Great kit !
 What 's more to say than they 're ARP , they fit , they work , they 're strong . With OEM 16V 4AGE setup , you do need to make a mod for stock distributor clearance . Either grind the stud , or grind the dizzy shaft , your choice . I personally grind the dizzy .
 This was to replace a magnaflow muffler on a 1993 Honda Accord . I was tired of a ricey sound , and this removed it . The sound is deep and pleasant . It sounds aftermarket , but you can still think and talk in the vehicle . I am very pleased with this muffler for a 4 cylinder car .
 I bought this muffler needing a replacement for yet another p.o.s. cheap muffler that looked nice and shiny and was cheap but ended up rusting and falling apart or the packing in it burns up and ends up being ridiculously loud both inside and more importantly directly in my ears making it difficult , at certain rpm 's , to either hold a conversation or hear the radio . Anyways when I received this I was immediately impressed by not only the built quality but also the sound is a thousand times better than the cheap `` fart cans '' and it doing the muffling using metal baffles rather than fiberglass or whatever is used , it wo n't eventually get louder its just a little louder than stock on the inside and not noticeable @ idle . The only issue I have with it would have to be the lack of a tail pipe but that makes sense that they wouldnt include one considering this is more of a universal muffler , nevertheless great product .
 I received my muffler fairly quick from Amazon . This muffler sounds great . I put it on a 2005 corolla xrs . Feel the increased power and gained around 2 mpg !
 I was just going to replace my ball joints before I found this product . By replacing the control arm I did n't have to rent a ball joint press and I got new bushings . Oredering the whole control arm online cost less than just buying the ball joint locally . As of this writing , this item is the same brand and part number that Autozone uses - for half the price !
 Nice price and well made . It fit my son 's 1997 Honda Accord EX Coupe perfectly . It was less expensive than similar options from RockAuto and PartsGeek , but it seems to be just fine .
 This control arm fits perfectly and is easily installed by me and I am not a professional mechanic by any means . Its advertised elsewhere that this unit corrects the ball joint problems -LRB- early failure -RRB- of the Acura oem unit so I am hopping that will happen . So far its been about five months and it seems to work OK . Also I read in auto web sites that Dorman specializes in identifying problem automobile parts and makes improved replaced parts so that should increases one 's confidence in their replacement part .
 The quality of the product is as described.Airtex 5D1004 Distributor CapVery quick shipment and dellivery . Thanks to Amazon.com . I 'm your forevere :--RRB- David G.
 Received my stainless 02 bung very quick . Was able to take it strait to the welder and their it on . Plug worked great till I was able to install the 02 sensor . Best price I could find .
 I had it welded into my 304 ss exhaust for my subaru and it does exactly what it 's supposed to do . I am using it with a MTX-L wbo2 .4 / 5 instead of 5/5 because the plug does not come with a washer/gasket of any sort . All of the o2 sensors that I have ever seen have some kind of a reusable washer gasket that comes with the o2 sensor . I would think that the gasket would allow for a better seal and less likely hood of the plug to come undone . Maybe I 'm wrong . I 'm not using it right now , so it does n't matter to me.Tip
 I had this welded to my test-pipe for wide-band monitoring . I did not weld it but I had a professional do a TIG weld and it came out perfect ! I still had to use a thread chaser but there was minimal obstruction .
 Mine was delivered with a Hex head . Who really cares anyway , its just a stainlesssteel plug . Does what I needed it to do , block off an unneeded O2 sensor port . Great value , shipped fast .
 It is hard to go wrong when getting a stainless steel bung for under $ 8 . These are great for adding O2 sensors to stainless steel exhausts . The plug is also great if you use this for tuning or diagnostic purposes so you do n't have to leave an expensive wideband sensor in the exhaust .
 But completely unnecessary if you are buying a MTX-L wide-band gauge/kit as it comes with one in the box . NOW I have two . I would have never thought to buy one had amazon not linked me to this in my cart when phasing the wide-band . To boot , they do n't have this listed in the box . So much to my chagrin I now have two of these cool weld in bungholes and bunghole plugs . I just wanted to use those words.BUY if you need it , but make certain you do . I can not see my self ever welding in two of these guys .
 When I tune my motorcycles I use a Wego III AFR meter that I can now interchange between bikes , thanks to this sensor plug kit . The price is great ! Everyone else 's were so ridiculously high it was crazy !
 Was n't sure if getting this product for my vehicle would do much on the performance end , but once getting it and having it installed , made a believer out of me . I have a 2000 Chevy S-10 SS pick up truck , which has the 2.2 liter engine . Not a lot of muscle to say the least . I was just looking to get a little better performance out of the small engine . I knew that just by installing a Flowmaster , would n't give me big muscle , nor was I looking for a better sound , to make it sound like it has more muscle . I put this 50 series Delta Flow Flowmaster on , and I was actually surprised that it gave my vehicle better performance that I had even hoped for . It now accelerates faster , it has more power on inclines , which before the Flowmaster was a joke . The engine runs smoother , and now seems more efficient at the gas pump as well . As far as the sound , I am glad that it 's actually relatively quiet . Not really much louder than the stock muffler . Not that the small 2.2 can produce big sound anyway , but my lawnmower is more noisy . Of course the lawnmower does n't have a Flowmaster by comparison . I have n't checked my gas mileage since the switch , but from `` gauging '' the gas gauge , it seems to be getting more miles to the gallon . If I had to guess , I 'm getting about 1 1/2 to 2 MPG better.Last but not least , Amazon came through with best price on the internet , and fast , FREE , Shipping ! What more can you ask ?
 This product was a gift , so I knew nothing about it . It was well received and has been the perfect item !
 Could n't have been happier with this Flowmaster ! I installed it on my 95 Wrangler and noticed an immediate difference in drive .
 This is only for the clamps not the rails as shown but a little research would show that the part number advertised is only for the clamps . My item was a return and came with everything for a quarter of the cost !!
 Rotors are motorcraft branded , have the ABS tone ring , come with pressed in inner and outer races . Price for two was less than a set of brake pads ! Heavy items but shipped extra cost with Prime . Machining was good - rotor surfaces flat , clean , and had oilpaper backing inside the plastic sack . Measured true and correct dimension for application . No corrosion present when unwrapped.The only con is the item is made in China ... . like everything else . At this price point I was n't going to argue . Super buy . It was cheaper to replace the hub/rotor than have the old ones -LRB- with 180K miles on them -RRB- turned .
 I got my deflector through amazon . The price was better than any other site I could find . It arrived in a week , installed in minutes . I 'm satisfied .
 I Have This Installed On My 94 Camaro z28 With A Magnaflow Hi-Flow CAT And It Could n't Sound Any Better !! Got ta Love That Deep Aggressive Rumble And Distinct Sound That Only FLOWMASTER Can Make !! Very Aggressive Sound Outside The Car That Makes My Presence Known . However There 's Little Interior Drone . I Do n't Even Listen To The Radio Anymore Seriously -LRB- THAT 'S HOW GOOD IT SOUNDS -RRB- . I Roll The Windows Down & Listen To The Sweet Sweet Melody Of FLOWMASTER !!!!
 fit in perfectly , passenger side moves a little bit . Looks good with the grey interior . Comes with the holes made for the driver side , so no moving there . Also came with extra hold down tabs , but the factory ones work as well . Still quite new , but after wearing thru three sets of factory floor mats -LRB- rubber -RRB- these look like they will hold up much better .
 There 's not that much to say about a floor mat . But I am really impressed by the fit . It seems part of the car .
 WeatherTech fits perfectly since it is custom fitted for the vehicle you order it for . The fit is not generic , and you must be willing to pay a pretty penny , if you know what I mean . Quite expensive . Furthermore , you wo n't be able to transfer it to another vehicle when and if you change cars , unless you buy the exact same model vehicle for which the floor liner is designed . It 's durable , easy to clean , catches and contains spills . It wo n't disappoint . I could not , in my right mind , give it 5 stars because of the price .
 still do not know if this is rebuilt or new ? Looks new ; however acdelco web site claims this is part number for rebuilt , and New pumps are no longer made .
 No noise , no whine . My pump still looks like trash . I bought the seal kit , cause of course you 'll need that to be able to do the job correctly . For you guys trying to save a buck . Unless the reman unit-the whole pump/housing is crazy expensive , just get the reman .
 Helps to stop some problems , but not repair a bad trans thats past that . Helps old one shift better and more , but not if it is slipping and not shifting at all . NOT A CURE ALL . But can help .
 I had a 1992 Toyota Camry V6 that had a very rough 1-2 shift and chunks in the transmission pan when serviced . The mechanic suggested I rebuild the transmission for $ 1400 or risk being stuck somewhere . Being poor , I declined . After clearing all the chunks out , replacing the filter and replacing the fluid , the shifts better but still a little slipping . Adding a bottle of this stuff smoothed out the shift even more , almost back to original smoothness.If your automatic transmission is reluctant to shift or rough , I recommend trying a quick drain/fill of ATF and a bottle of this stuff . It should n't hurt anything and is very cheap.My old 1992 Camry finally died with burnt exhaust valves 120,000 miles later at 255,250 miles . The transmission still shifted fine until the end .
 This stuff is great . I could feel the difference with a few hundred miles and the car shifts so much better . I will definitely recommend it .
 One of those tools you might only need once a decade . But when you do it 's better to have it than try to find it in a hurry
 Tried going the cheap route and using another tool , only to have it break . This power steering pulley removal tool works exactly as stated and made the job a snap !
 works just right on 2002 silverado ; only wish it can with instruction sheet for those of us who never used one before ; I figured out since I have pulled and pushed bearings onto shafts before .
 I needed this too ajust my power steering pulley , it was out of alignment.I was skeptical about ordering it with no instructions , but I was sick and tired of my belt chirping , and garage , after garge insisting it was related to the belt tensioner , or the idler pully.After replacing all those parts and a new alt , the chirp disapeared but only for a few weeks , then it came back.So I decided to get the KD 41560 , to ajust the power steering pulley.This was my last hope of stopping the chirp.It workded perfectly on my 99 GMC Sonoma . It was tough ajusting with the fan still attached but , it 's doable.As far as instructions.If you ca n't figure it out , you probably should n't be working on vehicals.There are only a few parts in the kit , and they work one way.But it would be alittle easyer to include a small manual for novice users , but if I can do it , anyone can.The chirping is gone . KD is a very good , push , pull pulley kit.It held up to the task . Very pleased that I bought this.Coming from someone who hates working on vehicals.A + KD .
 Bought These for my Kawasaki Ninja 250 . Brakes work much better than what were on it before . Great stopping power now .
 I do n't think there 's a ton to write about . They are brake pads , they were n't very hard to install -LRB- although that has nothing to do with the type you buy anyways -RRB- and they brake faster than my tires will , so I 'm happy . Delivered quickly , but not quite in time for the track day I was trying to make . That was my fault for ordering so late though .
 Installed easily and fit just as described . Only reason I did n't give 5 stars is they ride a little stiff , but overall feel is good .
 Installed very easily and really like the coating to protect them from rusting out . Only thing , made in China . Was hoping for either a Canadian or American made rotor . Outside that , still recommend !
 These rotors look and work flawlessly.Have had them for about 6k miles with no complaints . Fit like OEM and the hat is painted -LRB- like in the picture -RRB- . Update 1/9/13 : The rotors are now slightly warped . Not sure how this happened , as I do n't remember hitting any puddles after or during a stop . Not going to knock the review on these , as they have been great until now . Will probably live with the slight warp until I can get them resurfaced .
 I 've had these liners in my 2008 4Runner for months now , and they still look brand new -LRB- even with 2 kids -RRB- . Nothing , and I mean nothing gets by them . They fit perfectly and stay in place . Great purchase .
 Pros
 I used a screwdriver to pry the old one out and then used it to bang the new one into place so simple so easy and its done ... phew , now to put it back together ... arghhh
 I like Bucket Boss . They make a good product and are innovative in what they produce . You typically can get more for your buck with Bucket Boss .
 Very nice Mats . Better than the ones that came with the car . Very high quality product . You have to buy 2 . Price is for one only .
 Hello to you , this is a very good product and I recommend it feet your my car chevrolet cruze.Thanks you . Mike
 Did n't realize there was only one so I need to buy another one for the back seats but they will look really nice in the back of his Blazer with the Matching front ones !
 These mats fit perfectly . They look fantastic , and really make the interior feel up-scale . Without exception , everyone that rides in my Chevy tells me how good these mats look.Love-um !
 These mats look sharp and nice . These look certainly better than I imagined after looking at the pictures online . And there was no rubbery smell .
 I got a few of these from the same seller and I am very happy with them . I also got a set of 2 larger ones from a different seller with Chevy 's mark on them . I used the other two for front passenger floor mats , and these for rear passengers.OWNERSHIP LENGTH
 Great addition to the front chevy mats I bought ! Although , it would 've been nice if they came in a set of two like the front mats did . BE SURE to order 2 qty because this price is just for one . Luckily , this item shipped to me in 2 days so my car was only without the other mat for one day . But they are a great addition to your chevy to keep original mats clean and nice !
 I ordered these mats for the rear of my Chevy HHR . Looks great and goes perfect withChevy Gold Bowtie Universal-Fit Molded Front Floor Mat - Set of 2 . It makes your Chevy look hot like a Chevy is suppose to . Well worth the price . I am a happy camper oops driver .
 What can i say ? Great Price and a Direct FIT . My code is now gone!I would recommend this to anyone that has a 2005 Chevy Equinox LT.it was quick and simple to replace not mechanic needed .
 Both my wife and I love this product , it makes it so much easier to get up into the pickup bed now that we 're getting on a little bit . For $ 50 this is a total no brainer if you ca n't jump up there like you used to . Home run idea , execution , and price .
 Unlike other steps , this one can be used when the tailgate is down , which is very convenient . Great product and the price is much cheaper than other steps .
 This strut had a slightly different mounting bolt than my original struts , but worked like a charm . You will need a larger star drive for installation . I think it was T30 or T40 . It helped that Amazon 's shipping got it here in just one day because none of the local shops -LRB- AutoZone / Advance Auto -RRB- had them in stock . I hated having to keep a long board in the van to hold up the hatch while loading and unloading .
 I have had a real problem finding this for my AWD Town & Country , but this is the one . Fast Shipping , Quality product .
 I bought the unit for my 2001 Honda Prelude . I did expect less sound based on the description . The result is a throaty , deep bass that is not exactly muted or `` mild , '' but it is growing on me . The sound is pretty dang good . I would advise staying away from the `` moderate '' and `` aggressive '' models . My 2.2 liter four sounds powerful and plenty aggressive .
 I just used this hitch rack to bring my son up to University . It worked well , however , my own dumb fault , I did n't realize that my exhaust piped right into the rack . The result was that it melted a huge plastic bin that I had on the rack as well as all the plastic things inside -LRB- coffee maker , dishes , cups , other -RRB- . So , it 's a great way to carry extra stuff , but be careful how your exhaust pipe points !!!!
 This rack is strong and can carry a lot of weight . I use it all the time for work and play . The only complaint I have is that once put together it looks like it dips down on one side .
 This rack fit perfectly on my '95 Wrangler 's hitch . I like having the option of carrying camping gear when the safari top is on and do n't want to hassle with a overhead rack . Fits my two five gallon military jerry cans on each end and has plenty of room left for a giant Coleman cooler and other gear . Takes two to put it together easily , but it was less than $ 100 . My suggestion
 Great Price !! This is Perfect for long road trips in mini vans and SUV 's ! We are planning one -LRB- road trip -RRB- in November , 2010 and needed the additional space inside our 2001 Durango . I already have a Safari Roof Rack but that 's for smaller suitcases and duffel bags.This is just what we need for carrying 4 large suitcases , standing up right -LRB- front to back -RRB- and using bungee cords and tie straps to tie them in place which frees up all sorts of room now inside the vehicle ! And with a 500 pound rated max load weight , we will have no ` airline weight limit ' problems what-so-ever !
 The best set of brake pads I have ever owned . No brake dust and great stopping power . No noise . Would recommend to everyone .
 I had a new 05 F-150 that had terrible plusing on the OE brake rotor setup . Ford replaced the rotors at 6k miles and less than 1.5 k miles they were as bad as ever . Awful ! I did the research and decided to try these pads . I did a hard sanding of the rotors on the truck and installed these pads . Awesome !! No more plusing after 25k miles . They do n't have the bite of the OE pads when cold so be warned . Do yourself a favor never buy any other brake pad . And no dusting makes them unbeatable .
 I originally purchased the Milwaukee to remove the crankshaft pulley bolt on my Honda , but could n't get it off the first time . The garage torqued it way too much the last time I had the timing belt changed so I paid a local garage mech ten dollars to break it free . As it turns out , even the garage air impact wrench had a little trouble and that guy could deliver 600 ft-lb or torque . He retorqued it enough to get home and I was able to do everything else just fine.Everything else went well and the Milwuakee had no trouble removing lug nuts and other nuts/bolts . How much torque applied depends on how hard you push on the tool . The lowest torque is 100 ft-lb and I guessed when torquing the crankshaft bolt to 130 ft-lb . That and a little Medium grade Loktite should keep things nice and tight until the next time.There are similar models , but there are several things I like about this impact wrench above the others . The first big thing I liked is the variable speed which is nice when you just want to snug-up a nut or bolt . I also like it over the rocker switch since it is similar to working a drill . The second big thing I liked about the wrench is the switch for switching between forward and reverse . Again , this is a directional switch similar to a drill . The last thing I liked about the kit is that it comes with a case and a few sockets . This may be minor , but being that I 'm not using the tool all of the time , it 's nice to have it nicely packed away and ready to grab when needed . The sockets only add to the value since these can get expensive . With the current $ 25 discount for purchases over $ 199 , it only makes sense to spend a little more and get a lot more.I 'll be using it again for mounting a tow hitch and other general automotive work . Well worth buying .
 I ordered this milwaukee after returning a dewalt impact wrench from another seller . The dewalt was my first choice because its specs says it has 345ft/lbs of torque compared to the milwaukee of only 300 . But sad to say the dewalt ca n't even loosen the hand tightened lug nuts of my SUV . I had to bring it to a dewalt service center -LRB- which is 40 miles away from my locaton -RRB- to make sure that it is working as expected . Expectedly I was told it was working perfectly ! I decided to return it since I do n't have any use for it except for rotating and changing tires of my cars , and of course I paid for the return shipping since there was nothing wrong with it.Then I ordered the milwaukee from amazon -LRB- unfortunately it was only my second choice since it was less powerful than dewalt per spcs -RRB- . It arrived just in time and it loosened all my lug nuts incredibly with ease . From the feel alone while using it , it was far more powerful than dewalt . I hope this review will help those of you who are in a quandary of choosing what the best impact wrench for personal use to buy . Make no mistake like I did and save some bucks by going with MILWAUKEE !!
 I 've used my Milwaukee 9072-22 several times now , and it 's a great relief to have it available . I use it for DIY automotive work , and previously , I despised removing/installing wheels . It 's such a hassle to do with just a ratchet or a lug wrench.I ca n't be sure if the 9072-22 lives up to its torque rating , but it sure seems powerful . One of my vehicles clearly had had its lug nuts tightened by an idiot armed with a pneumatic impact wrench . The 9072-22 struggled to remove some of those lug nuts , but it eventually got them all.I love the variable-speed reversing -LRB- VSR -RRB- feature . This works as a dial built into the trigger . Turn it counterclockwise to reduce the speed -LRB- rotations per minute , RPM -RRB- and impacts per minute -LRB- IPM -RRB- , or clockwise to increase them . When I 'm installing wheels , I turn the dial all the way down , then tighten each lug nut until I hear 3 or 4 impacts . At the lowest VSR setting , the IPMs are low enough that you will be able to count them this way . Before relying on this practice , I used my torque wrench to see how tight this made each lug nut , and it comes out to about 20-25 lb . / ft. , which is ideal . Of course , I finish tightening each lug nut with a torque wrench . -RRB- At 6.0 pounds , the 9072-22 is not burdensome to use . And if you keep the trigger squeezed for more than a couple seconds at a time , it 's loud , but that 's what earplugs are for.The one thing I dislike about the 9072-22 is the pin detent anvil . The `` anvil '' is the male 1/2 '' square part of the tool that goes into the socket or adapter/extension you are using . Being pin detent means that to secure the anvil into whatever accessory you 're using , you have to push the pin down with some object -LRB- e.g. a flat-blade screwdriver -RRB- while inserting it . To remove the accessory , you have to insert an object -LRB- e.g. a small allen wrench -RRB- through the small hole of the accessory to push down the pin , while pulling the accessory off . This is n't the biggest deal in the world , but I find it to be a hassle nonetheless . I 'd much prefer one of the other anvil designs . My workaround has been to use a3-inch extensionthat has a hole in its female end for the 9072-22 's pin detent , but lacks its own pin detent on the male end . I keep this extension on at all times , even during storage . I thought I would have to cut away part of the 9072-22 's case to make it fit with the extension , but it fits , and the case closes just fine with it on .
 I bought this for a friend who is rebuilding/restoring my truck.The kit has all the bells and whistles needed to do most auto repair ; variable speed , forward and reverse , comfortable to hold , runs on standard house current , has great power , securely holds sockets , AND comes with six sockets ! I selected the 1/2 '' square drive because the majority of sockets on the market are made to for this size drive -LRB- without having to spend a great deal more money for the larger size sockets -RRB- . The cord also will detach for the tool itself for easier storage . Milwaukee tool storage cases are excellent ! They are rugged , dependable , and well thought out for the tool placement inside.Milwaukee Heavy Duty is a great line of tools . I love the 5 year warranty on the tool . Worth every penny you spend on this .
 The impact wrench works very well . My only complaint is that I have to use a hex wrench -LRB- not included with this purchase -RRB- each time I change a socket . I ended up putting a 1/2 '' Drive Impact Universal Joint -LRB- a separate purchase -RRB- so that it would be easier to change sockets .
 I have tried several battery operated and air impact wrenches , none of which could do the job effectively . This impact wrench removes and installs wheel lugs on my pickup -LRB- 140 ft/lbs of torque -RRB- with ease and with dial set at only half power . This has made my life much easier as I have a bad back and pulling on a lug wrench is no longer easy for me . Now I can rotate my own tires again ! I would recommend this product to anybody looking to speed up their work and make life easier .
 I read a lot of reviews before I settled on this one . It 's not the cheapest wrench , but the torque rating is among the highest and I 've been real happy with the quality and operation of my Milwaukee reciprocating saw . This wrench did n't disappoint . I 've used it on car and truck lugs and it knocks those off with ease . I do n't even dial the torque all the way up . The build quality is terrific . There are two improvements I 'd recommend
 I pondered long and hard before purchasing this impact wrench , as I will mainly be using it to change out summer tires for winter tires , so it was pretty pricey for this singular task . However I looked at all the Chinese versions of this tool and the reviews and finally decided that based on what I read that their performance and longevity was questionable.This tool works great and is very powerful . Like most professional tools it come with a great case and the sockets are a plus . I have only two complaints and they are fairly minor . The forward reverse switch switch is very easy to move into the wrong position as the detentes are not very positive so you can find yourself tightening instead if loosening , but you will figure this out . The other is no socket release either attached to the body of the tool or the cord.Did use it to remove an 80 horse outboard from a friends boat and it really made the removal fast and easy , so it may prove to be more useful than I had originally thought . as usual Amazon had the best price and delivery was quick .
 i bought this impact wrench and have tried other brands , dewalt , makita , etc. this tool with the included case and sockets is the most powerful 1/2 inch electric impact wrench i have ever used ! it is fast , comfortable to use , and very smooth and stable . i consider the price to be pretty low for what you get , and i love it !!!
 I needed an impact wrench to help me with my brake job . I decided to go with an electric model due to cost vs. buying an air powered one . The Milwaukee 9072-22 caught my eye because of the features , and because it came with a carrying case!The wrench itself is very well built . The carrying case was also a bonus -LRB- as was the sockets that came with it -RRB- . There was even a space in the carrying case for the included sockets.I had to return the impact wrench because it was too large ! The product description did n't include the length of the wrench , so I was a bit misled by the pictures . There was no way for me to position the impact wrench behind the rotors to remove the caliper bolts . In the end , I had to rent an air compressor and an air impact wrench to get the job done.If space wass not a concern , then I would have kept this tool for my other jobs !
 My only use is for changing the wheels on my car twice a year ... does the job just fine.A lot faster and easier than a socket wrench ... at a high cost!I 'll find other uses for it.Dave ...
 Great product . Bought it for rotating tires on all my vehicles . Loosened truck lug nuts that were torqued to 150 lbs . with no problem . The variable setting is great for just tightening enough before using my torque wrench .
 Got this after firing my auto mechanic . They wanted 1000 dollars to do the rear brakes on my GFs 67 mustang fastback . Yes , they are insane ! I would have never even taken it to them for that but it has the Versailles rear end with the 9 '' posi and while trying to loosen the bolts to get the calipers off I thought the car would flip over before I could get them loose . So after retrieving the car from the clowns I ordered the Milwaukee 1/2 inch impact wrench and broke them loose with moderate effort , I still had to run the hell out of this impact to get them loose but it got the job done . I replaced caliper , rotor and pads on the side that actually needed work for about 150 dollars . Have used it many times since and wonder why I did n't get one a long time ago . So easy to pull the wheels on our cars with this .
 Serious balls for an electric wrench.If you 're buying it for a specific use keep an eye on how long this thing is ... that 's the biggest difference from an air tool.Oh yeah and that you dont have to lug a friggin compressor around to use it .
 my husband had been looking around for an electric impact gun for a couple of mths . he had ask me to go online and see what the prices were . i decided i would get it for him for christmas so i googled it and the amazon advertizment came up . i was amazied at a milwaukee gun -LSB- electric -RSB- being under 300 but it was ! i purchased it right away and my husband was fixing to go buy one so i had to give it to him early . he loves it and it came with a 6pc . socket set for 201.00 . fast delivery too.can ' t beat that price anywhere . thanks amazon !
 I use this tool to chenge my car wheels it work great I recommend it .
 I purchased this item over 1 year ago and it exceeded my expectations . I am able to do a lot of my automobile repairs with no problems . This impact wrench has a lot of power . My purchase did not include the 6 sockets .
 I really must say this thing makes life easy . My wife was amazed as to how quickly I was able to rotate her tires this time around - usually a 1/2 hour job took less than 10 minutes -LRB- nice ! -RRB-
 I bought this impact wrench to take out tires for brake change . The power of this product is sufficient for the job . It would be better if it has a little more power . I had a minor problem with the forward and reverse switch . Overall , It is a good impact wrench to have in the garage .
 Wanted to purchase impact gun for years . Finally decided to buy one . To date tool has paid for itself in reduced labor costs . Great pricing and very reasonable shipping rates . Could not be happier .
 You can Buy Cheap tool 's , and I Have . But Never Got Any Use Out Of Them . So I Started Buying Tool 's That Cost A Little More , And started Getting some Use Out Of Them . Like Milwakee , It Is a High Quality Tool . You Can not Go Wrong With This Brand . It May Cost more . But You Do Not Have To Replace It For Y-E-A-R-S . And It Work 's Great Every Time You Pick It Up To Use . Which I take Care Of My Tool 's Anyway . About Like i Care For My First Born . and That 's The Truth . Polish And Wipe Off Every Time I Use . But That 's The Life Of a Tool . But Milwakee Build 's A Great Tool That Will Last You for Year 's To Come , with Out ever Wondering If it Will Work The Next Time You Pick It Up . They Are Tough . I 've Dropped Them , and Hard . Use Them Hard . And Continuos For Hard day 's Work . Sometime 's Not Putting Them Down . But They Never Let Me Down . So instead Of Spending Your Hard Earned Money On Cheap Tool 's , and Having To Replace Every Little Bit . Just Buy A Milwakee And You May Have It a Lifetime.Thank 's for Reading , God Bless
 Sorry , I ca n't review this wrench.It and all my other tools were nabbedby some unscrupled fool.The case looked good as well as the tool.They must have needed it more than me !!
 I 've used a lot of different gauges thru the years . Stick gauges , digital , and even analog with hoses but this on is by far the best ! Every one that I used prior has either been innaccurate or leaked . First be sure to buy a genuine accu-gauge . Make sure it has the Accu-Gauge logo right in the face . Why ? Because their quality is the selling point of this gauge.Why is Accu-Gauge better than the rest of the field ? - All Brass housing
 Well made , easy to read and to use . Accurate . Save your tires and keep one in each vehicle .
 My experience with tire pressure gauges began with pencil-type gauges at age five , when Dad taught me to take multiple samples to estimate an idea I would later identify as precision.Up until I purchased this gauge last year , I was still using pencil gauges , and making do . When I had to replace the performance tires on my new Scion , and I realized just how much it meant to me to get life out of my tires , I decided it would be worth investing in a more precise gauge.I 've never used a digital gauge , so my only reference point for comparison is pencil gauges . For a reasonable price , the Accu-gage does just what it should-gives accurate , precise measurements . Precision is easy to see for yourself-once user error is eliminated , you can keep taking readings with no detectable variation . The display is clear and easy to read . I got the rubber guard for an extra fee , knowing that I 'm prone to dropping things and it does give added grip . Accuracy in tire pressure is tough to determine -LRB- just what is your gold standard ?? -RRB- , but after researching tire pressure gauges I became convinced that this style of gauge is pretty good . Just for fun , I tested my old pencil gauge , and found it was within 1 PSI of the Accu-gage . My only beef is that , just like the pencil gauge , it is tough to get it on right and eliminate user error . Thus , rather than taking a dozen readings per tire , I 'm taking three to five.For the average consumer who probably does n't even check their tires regularly , this is a waste of money . For those who both check tires regularly and for whom precision and repeatability is important -LRB- think how much uneven wear you can generate from a gauge with high variance -RRB- , I 'd recommend this product .
 Good morning!I just bought 4 pieces StrongArm 4849 Chevrolet Lumina APV Cargo Van Liftgate Lift Support 1992-96 . Please , I need to send the 4 pieces together in one package , but well protected in a box according to their size , which is not large , because the shipping of its destination after Miami is very expensive . Previously I have bought several pieces and sent them to me separately and in very large boxes ... I really thank you for your attention ... Sincerely , Lilibeth Pimentel
 item as described . perfect fit -- if you 're doing installation -- purchase some blue loctite as it is not specified that you will need some but the factory bolts had it on them . -LRB- I had to go to an expensive retailer to purchase -RRB- . tips
 Love this helmet , it is a great style and the exact look that I was going for . Tried other german styled helmets but they looked as if the helmet was floating over my head with all the thick padding . This helmet does not look oversized at all but still has sufficent padding and is DOT rated . I would recommend .
 Great for historical reinactments , motorcycle riding -LRB- certified fully legal -RRB- , or political events that might get out of hand . Seriously though , it comes with a GREAT price .
 Overall , Amazon experience was fast . The helmet that I ordered was `` as stated '' . It appears a bit larger in person . It fit `` as expected '' . Color was `` as expected '' . I would not recommend for a scooter helmet , but will work well for motorcycle . If you have seen these in the store for a higher price , this helmet is the same . Drive safe !
 The quality is good price is fair . It 's just the design . If my head can go deeper inside the helmet will be nice . But because of protection inside the helmet , It make the helmet look very big on top of my head like mushroom .
 Nice helmet and when you buy th e 4 '' spike it makes it look SOOOO NICE !!! = -RRB-
 Helmet is great , but a little large due to the padding . Kinda goofy looking , but totally hilarious . Definitely recommend based on price .
 Great value for the money.PROS : - Looks cool if you are into German Helmets - DOT approved - Great seller - Fast shipmentCONS - Slightly heavy - I own Shoei RF-1000 full face and another Shoei open face , this is heavier compared to them - Sits slightly high on your head due to padding so you get this Darth Vader look - Naturally not so much ventilation due to design , gets sweaty inside after a long ride.All in all , it is great for a ride in the neighborhood to the local coffee shop , you get lots of looks , feel cool and safe .
 The shipping was quick and the helmet fits just right . I got it for the novelty effect and my kids really got a kick out of it . Great company to do business with .
 Well , the measurement chart is accurate it fitted my XL head . The design of the helmet is good -LRB- expecting to be more like the German Helmet war use -RRB- . One thing you can upgrade is the strap area because it is only belt and loop that fasten the strap . Some snap or velcro to prevent the excess strap slapping on your jaw area . It holds pretty good in 60MPH wind on the road . One thing , it grab attention .
 This matt german style helmet is for my daughters xmas gift to go with the new bike and sidecar she swapped the Harley for . Can not fault Jafrum is any way , they sent 2 helmets by mistake and to save me the trouble of returning extra helmet they gave it her as a goodwill xmas gift ... . what other firm would do this . I shall recommend the to all I know for the excellent products ans service , thanks again Jafrum
 Exactly what I was looking for , Just as described . And according to the paperwork that comes with the helmet , it is DOT Approved ! I love that the shipping was faster than the date stated.Thanks Jafrum !
 this helmet is exactly what i was looking for . the sizing is spot on too . the shipping was quick also . this helmet doesnt give you that special ed look . fits very well and looks cool . im pretty picky but , can not find any faults w this helmet . very much worth the price in my opinion .
 Exactly that WWII look I was looking for , looks great on my Bobber , MANY compliments every time worn . Due to reviews , ordered a size LARGE -LRB- Iam usually a womens medium -RRB- as I prefer my helmets to sit low on forehead 2 avoid that dumb `` mushroom head '' look . Glad I did , large fits great w/baseball cap under . Straps are nice & thick -LRB- standard padded pleather -RRB- , but 90 degree angle is a tad uncomfortable when strapped tight -LRB- understandable -RRB- .
 I did a lot of research looking for a German style motorcycle helmet . Most are just novelty and most of the DOT German helmets are junk according to reviews left by customers ... not this one . This helmet is solid construction , good padding but not too much . It looks good and I get looks as I ride down the highway . There is a negative though and that is the strap . It does ride right up next to your neck . If you tighten the stap down for a good snug hold , you will feel some pressure on your neck . I bought two of these , one for myself and the other for my wife . Like another review mentioned , my wife 's helmet also tried to fly off at highway speed into the wind . I 've not had that problem and I explained to my wife that she should lower the front of her helmet so it 's just above her eyes . It looks better that way and in that position the wind ca n't pick the front up . I modified my helmet for an even more aggressive look . I mounted a solid steel single spike on top . You can find a spike on-line -LRB- e-bay -RRB- but I had to drill a hole in my helmet to mount . You could use epoxy if you wanted to but I wanted a good solid mount for my spike . It still says `` DOT '' on the back : - -RRB-
 I have received so many compliments on this helmet within the first week . I also purchased metal mohawk spikes with an iron cross on front to attach to the helmet . Def have already recommended this to friends
 I bought this for driving around town on my scooter and it fits very snug and looks just like a German WWII helmet ! I added some aviator goggles to the top of it like the picture and I have got quite a few positive comments on it so far !
 The reviews were all spot on ! I love my helmet . Mine has a clip to hold the chin strap in place so that it doesnt whip you at high speeds . The only thing i would change is the material that the side ear straps are made of -LRB- pleather to leather -RRB- , but of course . . for the money , you can not beat this DEAL !!
 It 's the German helmet look , feel , and comfort I wanted on my Harley . The shipping was quick and the product is what I want and expected .
 This is really a good surprise . This was as every one said very comfortable . not too heavy and above all looks great .
 As if riding a 1947 Vespa in olive-drab green were n't enough , I also wear this helmet . My roommate was worried I 'd get beaten up ; I thought people would be amused . I was right.It 's a good-looking helmet and very well-made . It 's also fairly light weight considering how substantial it is . A word of warning , however -- it is much thicker than what you might expect -- think Darth Vader-sized as opposed to trim barely-bigger-than-your-head like you see in the movies.I see that someone has n't received what they ordered from Jafrum , and I feel bad for them . I received it faster than I expected , actually , ready to go the moment it came out of the box .
 Great product , great price . Seems like good quality . True to size . Looks cool . Bought two , one for myself and one for my wife . We are both satisfied , and we thought the price was just right
