 Not much I can say about them . I was excited to finally have a place for my maglite in my class B RV , but sadly within the first couple of times that I removed the light while at a campsite , one clip broke . Having said that , I 'm here to buy another set since they are inexpensive enough.Update - after a little more searching , I decided not to go with these again . I 'll spend a few more dollars on these
 I guess these were not intended for use in cold climates . Using with a Maglite 3cell light , between 20 and 40 degrees , about the third time , they broke .
 I have mine mounted in my vehicle as well for offroading and it is mounted to the body of the vehicle on the driver side pillar and within 2 weeks one side broke off and I was in the motion of pulling the light out so it was not getting slammed into it or anything . My father was in the vehicle as I was removing the light to show him and once it broke while I was removing it my dad 's first response was , `` well that 's a crappy clip '' . I am going to purchase it once more and maybe see if the second will last longer and if so I will edit my opinion .
 These brackets hold the flashlight too strongly . I estimate it takes a pull of 20 pounds or more to get the flashlight out of them , and you might pull the screws out of their mounting if attached to something like a kitchen cabinet before the light comes loose . An older person , a woman , or a child is not going to be able to get the light , especially using just one hand , a very bad situation if an emergency.Get some kind of tool or broom holder at the home store instead.Thanks.Addendum July 20Using a piece of wood I wedged the fingers a quarter of an inch further apart and placed them in 225 oven for fifteen minutes . This greatly reduced the force needed to release the flashlight while still holding it firmly .
 A most useful product , thanks for the good deal . Just a thought why not include them in any large Maglite sale . Just a thought .
 IF YOU THINK YOU 'RE GETTING THE SPRING STEEL CLIPS WITH RUBBER COATING , THINK AGAIN . THESE THINGS ARE SHINY BLACK BRITTLE LOOKING PLASTIC !
 I was very dissappointed with this item . Did n't last a day . The Streamlight Adjust-a-Clamp is VASTLY superior . Stainless steel construction and it 's CHEAPER too . My current Streamlight set has been in heavy constant use in my truck for over 15 years . The rubber has worn off a few times but it STILL HOLDS MY FLASHLIGHT ! Customers who were unhappy with the MAG instrument product should check out the Streamlight clamps .
 Poor quality plastic brackets . Not up to mag light standards .
 I bought three sets of these . Broke one side of one clip pulling out the flashlight two days after installing them in my Jeep . I had two more sets so I changed out the broken one . Same deal when I pulled out the flashlight and broke the other of the first set two weeks later , and replaced it . Considering the price I just chalked it up to poor manufacture . Yesterday I pulled the flashlight out and broke the side off of another one . I will remove these clips from my Jeep and look for something more dependable . I wanted to mount a light in my Jeep , RV , and my truck , but these clips are way too brittle to be dependable . I have one brand new set still in the packaging but I will not be mounting them anywhere . I expect a lot out of my tools and Maglite makes a very high quality , dependable flashlight . I am disappointed to see this quality does not extend to this product . The plastic is too brittle for this use .
 I bought one of these several years ago and it broke within a couple of months . A couple of months ago I decided to try again , within 3 weeks it was broken , Never Again .
 these are horrible pads . Firstly they make more noise and squeal then a diesel locomotive slamming the brakes full blast . They do n't stop as well as the regular camaro brakes , and they create a lot of dust . Granted the dust is less and of a lighter color , but all around I cant wait to change them . I think I will try ebc brake pads next . I have had these before and the squeal was bad but I did the slotted rotors and it help . But even with the slotted rotors now they squeal to all hell . A total embarrassment , the cops hate it . . and people stare at me with 3 heads . I wouldnt wish this ear torture on my worst enemy ... stay away from these garbage brakes ... freaking money wasted . . smh : /
 I 'd installed the Accel 8140 SuperStock yellow coil as an upgrade and preventive maintenance for the 30-year-old original coil my car was running . Only 5 months later , my car died in stop 'n' go traffic on a hot Tucson summer day and would not restart . Funny thing in retrospect was that spark was one of the first things I tested and confirmed good at the scene of the stall , so I that led me to suspect a fuel issue , maybe the carb was either flooding or vaporlocked or something , so just needed to wait that out and let things cool down.Finally got the car running again only to have it die a few blocks later , so upon getting the car towed home , and after going over the carb and fuel pump and everything else I could think of to explain the ongoing lack of startage , I finally tried re-checking the spark again . This time , nothing . Put an ohmmeter to the coil and found infinite resistance between the primary and secondary , confirming a dead coil . Apparently my initial spark test at the scene of the stall was just a fluke or last-gasp , not uncommon for a failing coil . Put the 30-year-old original coil back in the car , fired right up.I brought up this experience on a forum for my car model , and found out others have had similar issues with this exact coil , and one said this report was the final straw convincing him to remove the Accel coil he was still using on one of his cars despite their failure in two of his other cars.Warranty claim ? Nope , they only offer a 90-day warranty , so this failure was 2 months out of warranty . Guess I should be glad this happened in town , instead of out on the highway and out of state on the roadtrip I 'd planned to start the very next day ! : ^ o
 I replaced the 22 year old factory coil in my 1990 geo with this piece of crap hoping for some kind of slight improvement in either gas mileage or performance . What i got was the opposite . Once the truck was fully warmed up it would missfire once or twice while turning slowly onto a steep hill and pressing on the gas . I immediately knew it was the coil as this is the first time ive been driving with the coil and it never happened before . Once i got home i verified the problem by stepping on the gas quickly and holding it down from an idle while in neutral and parked , the engine stumbled for a good 5 seconds like it wants to die and then finally starts to catch up with itself and the rpms go up . It should defenetly not be a heat issue with the coil becuase there is plenty of ventilation all around the coil in the engine compartment of this truck -LRB- tracker -RRB- . Put the 22 year old factory denso `` Made in japan '' coil back in and problem is gone . DO NOT LET THE PRETTY COLORS AND STICKERS OF THIS THING IN YOUR ENGINE BAY FOOL YOU . I was very dissapointed when i found out this coil is made in china and not U.S.A. I figured accel is a quality enough company to manufacture their products in the U.S or at least Japan but i guess not .
 This coil was installed together with the Accel points eliminator kit andtogether with Iridum plugs resulted in excellent performance ... for exactly300 miles . Then the car started missing and finally died completelyduring a hot summer day on the highway . A look under the hood found that the coil had leaked all its oil from the top . A tow home cost 129 dollars . Now have an MSD on order .
 Installed on a hardly driven 73 Mustang with duraspark installed . I think I got 300 miles from it and it started to leak out the oil . What a piece of garbage . Glad it did n't strand me somewhere in the middle of the desert .
 It 's real crap . It looks nice , but after about 5 miles I got a major misfire . Managed to limp home and replace it with the original coil . Luckily , I did n't try this junk until after a 600 mile trip or I would have been stranded in the middle of nowhere .
 I know generators are a challenge to keep functional , because they sit idle most of the time . So I used fuel stabilizer and cranked the thing up every 2 months . Still it would n't start when needed during the Nashville flood 2010 , had to get fuel line unclogged -LRB- $ 80 -RRB- . Power outage this month , and would n't start again . Reliable small engine shop tells me it 's actually a Mitsubishi engine , ... that B&S had some arrangement to buy engines from Mitsubishi . And the carburetor has gone unrepairably bad -LRB- after total of about 2 hrs run time ! -RRB- . Carburetor cost $ 250 from Mitsubishi , plus installation charge . No thanks . I guess I 'll just live without an emergency generator
 I wished I had n't purchased this tank cart . It 's too light , too hard to handle full tanks , and certainly not for use outdoors . The tires are too light , too large and thin , like bicycle tires . The tray that comes with it is a joke , it falls off all the time . It 's sitting in the garage unused , I do n't know what I was thinking when I bought this . I will be buying a heavy duty one for outdoor use .
 I ordered these last summer and put them away for a rainy day.Today I see that I have the correct package and part number , however the refill blade inside the very shortIt is not 20.5 inches in lenght!If it was actually 21 inches it would have worked.Epic FailAnd now too late to get a refund .
 I purchased both front and rear PIAA wipers for my Porsche Carrera C4S . Huge mistake . They came apart at the tip and scratched my windshield so now I will have to replace a very expensive windshield and they have refused to help after repeated requests and pictures sent . The first one came apart within minutes of first use and the second shortly threafter while I was driving in heavy rain on a crowded muli-lane freeway.I sent many pictures and messages to PIAA and have been brushed off or ignored by the Company . I will never potentially endanger my life or actually destroy my property with their products again .
 After installing the wipers I got to use them twice . The first time they sqeeked terribly . The second time the blade broke loose from the wiper arm assy . I have to get the truck inspected this week . Now I have to find another wiper . I 've never paid this much for a wiper blade . I thought I was getting a quality product . Never will I buy these again .
 The seat fit the bike fine . Looked great . However it was a pain in my back side . The back rest created by the passenger seat dug into my kidneys . The seat dug into my butt . I felt two support bars that just tore me up . I am a big guy at 6 ' 2 '' and 290lbs . The seat moved my riding position about an inch forward . With the passenger seat on , I could n't sit fully in the solo seat without leaning forward . I tried all adjustments I could . I purchased all stock bracketing to mount it , pulled my bags off , no improvement . My wife loved the passenger seat , she could ride for hours with no problems . I could not . After about 30 minutes , it was almost unbearable . I put 300 + miles on the seat and then rode it to work a week later . 17 minute ride caused back problems all day . I sent the seat back and will look to an ultimate seat or some other brand later .
 purchase for 2007 civic ex coupenot even closebetter off just going to honda and getting $ 5 replacement rubber filler
 I purchased these wipers with hopes that they would live up to all the hype . Unfortunately , they did not meet my expectation . The wipers leave annoying streaks on my windshield . Based off my experience , I can not recommend these to anyone .
 The blade probably works fine , but they are advertised here and on PIAA 's web site as fitting the driver side on a Prius including our 2007 , but when it arrived - no good . It included a few different connectors , but not the one for the driver 's side . I called PIAA and told them , they looked it up and found it was incorrect in their book . I sent them a picture of the pointed 6mm connector and they said they did not have anything like it . I thought I would just cut my loss and remove the new blade from the new frame and insert it in the old OEM frame , but as it turns out the PIAA is 24 '' as advertised , but the Prius driver side is actually 25.5 '' so even if it came with the proper adaptor , it still would have been 1.5 '' too small .
 Purchased this as a TOY for kids to play . Hooked to a rain barrel . It is a bit hard for kids to pump water . Takes some time to pull water into the pump . Water has some `` oily '' smell from the lube in the device.I wish I bought the regular water spout made of iron.The product would work well for industrial use ... not so good as a toy.The pump came FAST and as described from seller .
 Do n't want to bash the Amazon seller because it really is n't his fault and also hate to leave EBC a bad review because they make good rotors but people need to know . Amazon 's site said these rotors would fit my car and I have the screenshot to prove it . I tried installing them and they did not fit . 29 emails later , they want me to pay a 25 % restocking fee and return shipping to the tune of $ 50 , all because of their erroneous fitment data . MAKE SURE YOU CALL EBC TO VERIFY THE PART YOU ARE ORDERING ACTUALLY DOES FIT YOUR CAR ! Amazon takes no responsibility for their fitment data . Anyone want to buy a new set of EBC rotors ?!?
 I ordered these to put on our family car . We consistently warp the rotors . When the rotors arrived they were much lighter than OEM . I put them on a scale . Each rotor was 2.37 lbs . lighter than stock . I sent them back .
 I purchased these wipers with hopes that they would live up to all the hype . Unfortunately , they did not meet my expectation . The wipers leave annoying streaks on my windshield . Based off my experience , I can not recommend these to anyone .
 Bought these for a '99 4runner hoping they 'd give me some amazing stopping power as I had read on forums and such . I 'm not sure if its because I 'm coming from a Miata with Falken HP + but these seem to be pretty normal and give a spongy feel , stopping performance does n't seem to have increased wit these . Did the change with Dot 4 racing brake fluid and new rotors , going to try HP + next time I do a change . Would n't recommend it for someone looking for better than average braking power but it gets the job done .
 This pads perform poorly . It can deliver ~ 80 % of braking power vs. original.I have to take it out and put back the original which is not metallic , just regular pads .
 The wire connector was smaller than on my 1985 Ford Country Squire and the tubing fitting was larger . I cross-referenced to Autozone -LCB- Wells -RCB- brand and they showed a different part number , but the picture showed the same small wire connector and I could not tell from the picture about the tubing size . I used the part and replaced the wire connectors and adapted the tubing size . Something I learned from electrical work -- electricity always uses the path of least resistance . It was easier to make it work , then to try and find a part that may not be available .
 Did the whole cleaning bit , even sanded a bit , but after a week the paint started to chip off ... now it looks like crap , but for the 5 days I had it on , wasnt too bad . I think High temp spray paint would last longer , but havent tried yet ...
 Easy installation and so far the wipers work great . Will wait until next winter to see if they pass the real test.Didn ' t last a year . Started leaving black marks on the glass . Wo n't buy again .
 Received this item , packaging was adequate but nothing special . Item comes with one bag of abrasive material included . Item looks like quality until you begin to use the unit.Followed the assembly to the letter and first off the grommet that hold the spark plug is small and inserting a standard auto plug into the holder split the grommet . After inspection the grommet looks like it was hard and old not soft and pliable as you would expect.The unit did n't work at all . I had the same carbon deposits and regardless of how the unit was positioned it did nothing for cleaning . A wire brush out performed this unit hands down.Don ' t waste your money this unit is n't worth one dime.I 'm sticking with wire brush and a bit of elbow grease .
 Maybe a good product but this is a failed listing . Actually cube shaped 24 '' high , 23.25 '' deep and 23.25 '' wide . Be aware .
 I received yellow paint instead of silver . The paint quality seems great did n't use it because I hate yellow . I 'm sure it was a more rare mistake , but hands off to amazon they gave me a refund .
 not very good &#65292; the material was very cheap and it was also hard to cover on the seat . it was not worth
 Really disappointed in this mirror . Very heavy , very difficult to mount to standard boat window hardware , awkward to set the mirror . Would not recommend at all - ca n't use it on our standard 18 ' Chapparal speedboat . I wanted a larger mirror to see my kids skiing/wakeboarding while driving the boat - this mirror has spent the summer on the boat floor .
 I ordered the `` Delta 808000 Portable Aluminum Chest '' because of the Delta name and for the size . The application I was using it for it was the best fit . I have always herd by word of mouth from people who use toolboxes that Delta was the best on the market . It came in today , and I took it out of the box . I have never been so disappointed about an item I have ordered like this purchase . If this is a storage box built by Delta , I would have been better off getting a cardboard box the same size . The $ 303.00 I spent on this box was so not worth it . OK , let me explain . First off , whoever the person was that built this must of been crossed eyed or drunk . The seams are crocked on the top , and the sides . The lid is flimsy and bends if you open it up from the corner . I put literally slight pressure on the lid and it bowed in . The bottom did the same , and so does the sides . The shock that holds it open works well , but for the $ 303.00 I spent on it , it dam well better . You can see the burn marks where it was welded together on the sides , top , bottoms and where the inside latch is . The latch that locks the lid is so loose there is not much I can do to make it tighter . In the inside where the rivets that hold the outside handles are loose , and the rivets that connect the sides are the same way . Parts of the box are shiny and some a dull color from the welding . I will have to get some silicone sealant and apply it generously to the inside so water will not fill up . How do I know ? It was raining when it was delivered . The box was wet , and I was like so what it is an outside storage box . It leaked the several hours it was outside while still in the cardboard box.If I honestly could , I would have rated it a negative -5 Stars for the reasons I stated above . A $ 10 plastic tote would of been better quality box than what was shipped to me . Highly recommend staying away from this storage box . This is from my observation and my opinion as a customer who just purchased this storage box .
 This primer does n't fill even fine scratches , and when you try to wet sand it after the recommended 30 minutes it almost all comes off using 1000 grit sandpaper . It also does not cover well at all . Instead get the sandable primer by Rustoleum
 The color of this primer is orange , not red . It is not even a reddish-orange and does not remotely resemble the color of the cap . Besides its completely misleading presentation , I have had no problems with this product .
 The box is what we wanted but like someone else had said about the box coming damaged . That is what happened to us also and we had a customer waiting .
 My 2003 MPV ES is over 8 years and 110K miles old . Since many sources on the web claim that shocks and struts should be replaced every 60K miles , I decided that my shocks and struts were overdue for replacement . For a cautious DIY mechanic like myself , replacing struts is daunting task because it requires the use of spring compressors which can fail with disastrous consequences if not used properly . So I decided to replace the rear shocks first and see if I noticed much difference in my minivan 's performance . I ordered two KYB 345024 GR-2 shocks from Amazon for this purpose.With some difficulty -LRB- because the bolt torques were very high and access using a floor jack was limited -RRB- I removed the original equipment -LRB- OE -RRB- right rear shock from my MPV and compared it with the GR-2 . I was stunned to discover that my old shock was much stiffer on compression and slightly stiffer on rebound than the GR-2 replacement . I decided to reinstall my OE shocks and return both `` replacement '' shocks to Amazon , which credited me with a full refund . I also concluded that my OE shocks and struts are in reasonably good condition and do not need immediate replacement.I did some digging on the web and discovered that Tokico manufactured the OE shocks for my minivan . So 8 year old Tokico shocks provide better damping than new KYB replacements . I do n't believe that these KYB shocks come close to meeting Mazda OE specs -LRB- despite KYB 's claims to the contrary -RRB- . KYB is reportedly the largest manufacturer of struts and shocks in the world , but based on my experience with these shocks I will avoid KYB shocks and struts in the future.I gave the KYB GR-2 two stars rather than one because they appear well-made and may be an appropriate choice for MPV owners seeking a pillowy ride . But I could not justify more than two stars because these shocks are marketed as OE replacements which they clearly are not . If you need to replace MPV struts and shocks , I recommend that you buy genuine OE replacements from Tokico , which are only slighly more expensive than KYB GR-2s . Unfortunately , Amazon does not sell Tokico shocks and struts for the MPV . But Amazon does sell Gabriel rear shocks for the MPV -LRB- for about half the price of KYB shocks -RRB- and Gabriel is highly regarded among budget shock manufacturers . If you want to order MPV shocks from Amazon , I suggest trying Gabriel socks . SeeGabriel 69782 Ultra Passenger Car Shock for select Mazda MPV models .
 I think the Delta Corp. should take a look at there quality control as this tool box , although make of good material is very poorly designed and if the quality control people , if they even have any should have found the poor design problems and worked with the engineers to correct the problem before it was shipped out to the customer . I would not recommend this product in its present state .
 Product was very watery . It spilled when I applied it to my wax applicator . The mouth of the bottle was too big . It did not remove water spots .
 Sometimes the pictures on Amazon can be a little misleading . In this case the part number did not correspond with the picture shown . Before you buy anything , verify with the manufacturer 's site that the part number listed is the one that fits . If you go by the picture , you might have to return it -LRB- like i did -RRB- .
 the item that was sent were the wrong item on the picture . The pic is of the 403 model , be carefull you purchase what you buying .
 Flimsy , hard to put on in windy conditions . I would not buy again . I found using a 8x10 tarp folded over windshield and putting remainder of tarp inside doors and just close the door on the tarp does a much better job and is very easy to do .
 do not purchase this item . I have a Dodge Stratus and this item did n't even cover half of my winshield . It 's not worth the money .
 I ordered this cargo liner and was sent the wrong item twice . I have a RAV4 and was sent the cargo liner for a Prius . I did try to explain this to the Amazon customer service rep via IM , but they did n't seem to get what I was saying . I think they that their internal stock number is referring to the wrong item . Does n't seem like they corrected the problem since I received the same wrong item a second time.I finally gave up and ordered off EBAY . The liner itself is great and fits perfectly . I have several of these Weathertech items for my cars and I 'm am very satisfied with the items themselves . They are truly custom fit . Would recommend the item , just not from Amazon .
 I have 2 pickups that needed a bed liner at the same time . I put Herculiner in one and PlastiKote in the other . After 5 years the PlastiKote is still holding up well . The Herculiner only lasted a couple years until it started fading and disintegrating . I went to Herculiner 's website to inquire about the warranty . Their faq basically says that if it does n't turn out right , it must be your fault . Well , the prep for the PlastiKote was basically the same and it has lasted , the Herculiner did not .
 I have read the previous posting and agree with virtually all that was written about quality of material , installation ease and cautions , looks.I am 1 1/2 years since I installed and now the product is starting to peel off . The warrenty talks about quality of the product and stops when it goes to application `` due to many variables . '' My truck is used weekly on a farm hauling all types of material and just not sure that the toughness holds up . The common problem areas for my application is the bed where most of the wear and tear comes . I have written the company for assistance and will post my follow .
 Since this product is a hazardous material , there is no option to return or exchange it . The material had leaked all over the inside of the box and was already hard .
 This stuff would be great , for some purposes . Not for a truck bedliner as it is marketed for ! Unless you plan on very light usage of your truck . 1 Gallon was definitely not enough to cover a 6 1/2 ' Toyota Tundra bed so I had to pay twice as much locally to pick up a second gallon . That was my fault , as they did say it would cover a 6 ' bed . Anyways after 2 long evenings of prep and app . I waited almost ten days to even use it . Just a few tools and some garbage were enough to eat right through this liner on a fifteen minute drive . A week later put some firewood back there , Oh boy , anywhere it touched the liner it rubbed through . Yesterday I walked -LRB- with my head hanging real low -RRB- into the shop I had my Xtreme liner sprayed in my Chevy 5 years ago for $ 350 and begged for help . $ 375 for a new xtreme liner !! But sorry unless you want to pay the extra $ 400 to strip that garbage off there , we can not guarantee it.I learned my lesson !! FYI When I traded in the chevy after 5 years 150K miles and a whole lot of beating on the liner , it still looked like the day I got it sprayed
 Purcahsed new from Auto parts store and after using twice -LRB- 2 times -RRB- the hydalic fluid leaded out . I found this ou when I went to use it again and picking it up by the case hancle caused the oil to leak out leaving a trail behind me until I noticed it . Nice mess to clean up and of course the jack was useless . Larin Corp web site is not longer available and the 800 number in the manual and on the jack was not answered . I would not recommend purchasing this junk !
 I ended up returning this tow strap because the strength rating in the description is inaccurate . The description says it 's rated at 20,000 lbs , but the rating on the strap itself is 12,000 lbs .
 It was working great when brand new . However , after two years of occasional use it would not hold in the up position any more . It would go up when you pump it and then slowly go down on its own . Stay away .
 The first time we used ths jack the lifting arm bent . We were lifting the rear end of a 1/2T Chevy van . We were on a level concrete floor and we were not lifting even 50 % of it 's rated capacity . We were very impressed at how poorly this item was designed .
 The product does n't do what it is advertised to do . My car has a few rust spots that I needed to fix so that it did n't get worse . I followed the directions to the t including the sanding and coats . I did about 3-4 coats and the only part of the metal that turned black as advertised was the bare metal that did n't have any rust to begin with . The light rust that remained did n't change any color . Overall a waste of money . Walt-Mart sells similar types of this product for less than $ 4.00 .
 I sprayed couples of layers of this product like tghe label said ... still waiting for the black coat!I guess I need to put more coats -LRB- going thru number 5 -RRB- ...
 I bought this charger to keep the battery on my Classic 380SL topped off during storage months.I did n't get around to using it until the warranty had expired.When I went to hook it up , nothing !! Defective out of the box.If you buy one of these , and I do n't recommend you do , be sure and test it as soon as you receive it .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 They show a picture of a light , describe the light , and then send a little side lens . They should have shown the lens , Not the light .
 Had obviously been installed and then returned . Several parts were missing as well . I had to go to the local auto parts store the get the gaskets .
 Fit fine , worked as well as the stock coil for nearly 7 months . -LRB- but no better than stock -RRB- Engine started missing and backfiring even stalled . Glad I saved the stock coil . Put the stock coil back in and runs fine again . I see why there is only a 90 day warranty ...
 The opening diameter is over 2 inches . This product was supposed to be 1.5 inches.The telephone customer service woman promised it would be CORRECT and is WASNT !!!
 had this installed today and noticed nothing going back tommarro and haven it taken off had it put in place of resenator and no difference in sound or performance.what a waste of money im better off with a straight pipe thats what my mechanic told me ...
 customer service was fine but the shield lasted 4 days then shattered in the car wash ... horrible product .
 This degreaser is too agressive for engine spot cleaning . Small drip spots left on the blue valve covers of my old Cadillac faded the paint to a yellowish haze . Castrol Super Clean also faded the high temperature black enanamel to a grey haze around my old Mecedes engine . I found that Simple Green is slower but otherwise just as effective for spot degreasing . I need to let the Simple Green sit for 3 minutes vs 3 seconds for the Castrol Super Clean . It is too easy for some of the Castrol Super Clean to contact the painted surfaces around my engine , even when carefully using a rag . The Castrol Super Clean also irritates my skin , but Simple Grean does not.Gunk Enigine Brite is also just as fast Castrol Super Clean , and does not fade my engine enamels . However , it is much more expensive .
 This filter was supposed to fit my 2005 VW Passat 1.8 T . It did not . It was too large for the slot making the sides bow in which made the filter useless . It was practically impossible to replace the cover . Stay with the fiber filter used by VW .
 I bought expensive coverking products for my car thinking they would fit and match . After all , there are only 3 different interior colors for my year . Boy , was I wrong . The color was waaaay off . So bad that it just looked ridiculous . I sent it back , and not only did I have to pay shipping to me and shipping back , they had the nerve to charge me a 15 % restocking fee for finding out that their product is stupidly off color . DO NOT BUY from this company unless you have seen the color in a retail store somewhere .
 I bought this item on Amazon because of the convenience . I like to do my own oil changes and I do n't live anywhere near a Wal-Mart . When the box arrived , it was immediately apparent that one of the bottles was leaking . I decided not to return it and will probably never order again .
 Dead bugs throughout the world rejoice at the sales of BLUE MAGIC Road & Tar Bug Gel . Finally , dead bugs are safe and secure for all eternity on the grills of humanity 's vehicles -LRB- or at least the portion of the population who was duped into thinking this glop might remove them -RRB- . Spit works better . It 's far cheaper.But one thing it IS good for is removing the clear coat from areas where pine resin might fall . Having all of that uniform shine on my vehicle was getting so annoying.Useless , pointless , very blue , however .
 I have been trying to find a bug and tar cleaner that really works and so I thought I would take a chance and order it . The Blue Magic Road Tar and Bug Gel does not work well . I use alot of arm power and yet this product still leaves much of the bug and tar residue on the front of my vehicle .
 there was no power increase . and it become dirty sooner then OEM one.do not recomend it as a sport filter.after i changed whole intake and installed EVMO 's whole intake system with big air filter and really felt the difference .
 Does not fit right . loose and looks like it belongs on another car . I bought it using the guide lines for my car but its loose and flappy . I dont like it .
 Upon examining the contents of the kits , we noticed that the items were due to expire within 30 days . We returned them for a refund .
 I ordered this product for my 2006 Honda Accord . The Amazon.com search bar auto tool said that it was the appropriate break rotor for my car . Knowing that Bendix makes quality auto parts , I went ahead and ordered it.Unfortunately , I found out much too late that its size was too big for my car . Is that Bendix ' fault ? Not really , but without writing this review about it , you may make the same mistake that I did . It 's too bad Amazon did n't bother to simply write in the actual length of the break rotor , because it would have saved us both a lot of time and effort.So , before buying this break rotor -LRB- it 's 11.6 inches , by the way - I found this out the hard way -RRB- be sure you know what size you need for your vehicle . Do n't always trust the Amazon auto tool.Hope this helps . Please let me know if you have any other questions .
 I have to replace it again ; it only lasted just about a year . AC-Delco is usually a quality product , but I guess that depends on where it 's made . I bought it from my local auto parts store and I recall that it was made in China , but did n't think much since AC-Delco is a quality product . This time I 'll pay attention to where it 's manufactured rather than the name . The price of the pump is not that much , but it 's the trouble of replacing it again and of course you 'll need new coolant again .
 Great deal from Amazon . Just a little upset something from a US company like AC Delco and the water pump is not made here . Thanks again Amazon . Best deal on the internet .
 It does work , but ... When I put a battery in , after a month it is dead . I only used it once every two weeks or so . I put three batteries in it before giving up.Get a gauge that doesnt require a battery . It 's not worth the hassle . There are plenty of accurate analog gauge ones that dont require you to keep a battery in them.Don ' t buy it . You can have mine . Its useless . Really .
 Just a silly item I bought for someone for Christmas and a week after the purchase I 'm told by the reseller that it 's been discontinued by the manufacturer . So I never got the product . It just makes me wonder - why would you sell something you do n't physically have and are these guys just out gathering names for mailing lists or something ?
 JUNK ! Had to replace 2 hex screws with the corect size ! Will not tighten up to post had to use spacers . Still came lose tightened again and busted right in half . . Very pretty though . . Just keep it on the work bench or a shelf for all to see , As this was not ment to be USED !! Oh '' and did I mention its pretty ??
 I was not sent Metra terminals , they were a different brand which is disconcerting as I wanted to purchase the terminal covers for them and do not know where to find them or if they are made for this brand .
 I was not sent Metra terminals , they were a different brand which is disconcerting as I wanted to purchase the terminal covers for them and do not know where to find them or if they are made for this brand .
 It states that is resistant to corrosion . Well , it is n't . It corroded faster than normal cheap terminals . This product is of the worst quality
 Please note this is not very well marked that it is for the Negative pole on the Battery . Very poor quality but a fair price . I would n't buy it again .
 ok connectors was to be a 0 ga ,4 ga and 2 - 8 ga when it arrived it was a 2 ga not 0ga , the clamp bolt is cheap and shaves off metal when tightened . return cost was too high so it was a waste of money . buy the monster clamps , I did much better
 After spending hours working on this POS in 100 degree heat I can tell you that you 're better off trying to remove your own appendix than buying this thing . The problem is that the ring is simply too large to get a secure fit on the negative post of most batteries . Even screwed in all the way to the point of nearly shearing the screw I can still spin the terminal on the post . I even tried making modifications to it but to no avail . Do n't waste your time or money on this . You 'll just end up with more gray hairs than you started with . I only wish I could rate it 0 stars . Actually I think they OWE me stars , that 's how bad it is .
 I bought this to replace my OEM terminal clamps . This one did not fit at all on the negative battery terminal of a an Optima red top . The clamp was way too big -LRB- like it was made for the positive terminal -RRB- . I sent it back to amazon for a refund .
 I tried this helmet in both medium and large - and neither fit very well . So I went to a store to try on some other helmets and compare this one to some others and what I found is that while the inside of other half-shells are oval to accommodate a human head , the inside of * this * helmet is round - that 's why it felt weird , no matter the size and that 's why it looked like a mushroom top on my head.I know that unless the half-shell helmet is a `` novelty '' helmet w/o any padding etc , it wont sit flush against your head & there is a chance it can look like a mushroom top even with a good fit - but the fact that the inside of this is round , made the fitting & mushroom-y shape even worse.I also didnt like the fact that there was no protection for your chin against the pinching of the D-ring & strap ; and also , the visor had room to move back & forth on the outside snaps , and up & down on the middle snap -- but the middle snap section had so much play in it that the damn visor wouldnt stay in the lowered position I wanted it - the wind would blow it back up . To be fair , it is only about 1/2 inch difference , but on those sunny days when you could use the visor in its lowest position , popping back up is * not * cool.The vents & removable neck curtain were very cool - but they didnt make up for the wonky visor & ill-shaped insides.Also , I dont honestly believe this is DOT approved . The DOT on the back is literally just a `` D '' sticker , a `` O '' sticker , and a `` T '' sticker - not the normal `` DOT Approved '' raised sticker with the `` official '' numbers on it . Whether I am mistaken or not , it was still enough to make me question the safety of the helmet - and that coupled with the other things I didnt like about it prompted me to return it . I then went to a store , paid $ 15 more than this one , and got a helmet that I * know * fits right , that I * know * looks good -LRB- read
 I Did n't like the way it looked . Makes me look like a giant mushroom/bubble head . Not cool . I ended up returning it and bought the Vega helmet . Same look .
 Yea , The helmet looks alright and I read some of the reviews here on Amazon before I placed my order . The order came in promptly and the helmet was OK for the purchase price but the sizing chart on the manufacturers website is not accurate . My plan was to ship it back to Amazon and get a larger one but as I 'm getting my shipment together I dropped the helmet and scratched it . Damn ! Now I ca n't return it ! If the sizing chart was correct I would n't have to complain . . But since it is not correct , I have a helmet that is too small and cant return it . . IM NOT HAPPY . . I just wasted my money !
 I bought this helmet to use for a second rider on my motorcycle . It 's only good for that if you do n't like your rider . It is not very well made , it runs small and the shell feels like it would crack if you dropped it . Did n't give me a whole lot of confidence that it would protect someones head in an accident . But considering the price , I guess you really ca n't expect to much.I would only recommend you use this helmet if you are riding a scooter or moped that does n't get up to highway speeds .
 I am an accomplished mechanic , and I followed the directions to the letter . Window surface was clean , metal insert was clean - used the included wipe as directed , applied the adhesive as directed , held insert in place for two minutes and let the glue cure overnight . Next day , attached the mirror , attempted to adjust it , and it popped right off . Headed to the parts store for a different brand ...
 I do not recommend this product . Despite careful surface preparation and application exactly as described in the product directions the rearview mirror fell off again after less than a month in my vehicle that sits out in the heat of the sun.I have used products like this before without issue over the years and they used to last at least 2-3 years , but as of last year I have found that every variety of these single-use rearview mirror adhesive kits have failed to provide a lasting bond . Add to the poor results the single-use nature of this product and you have another reason it is not a good value.Thanks to helpful reviews by others I was put onto a superior product for attaching my rearview mirror also made by Permatex . I recommend Permatex 84101 PermaPoxy sold right here on Amazon . Application is simple and the rearview mirror is still firmly in place over 6 months later .
 So far my button is still attached -LRB- only 2 days later , will update when/if it separates -RRB- and survived the reinstallation of the rear view mirror . I have an '06 jetta and the rear view mirror twists onto the button by means of a bracket inside the mirror which is different from many other buttons that accept a mirror that slides into place . Since you have to rotate the bracket onto the button it puts a significant amount of stress on the bond.Reflecting on it now , I did a terrible job the first time I tried this product and thats why I tried it a second time . -LRB- 16 $ compared to the 85 $ the glass shop people wanted , but we 'll see how long it lasts -RRB- First time I used the kit I followed the directions perhaps too explicitly in some places and not enough in others . First off , if you 're using this product anytime other than the winter , I recommend doing so at night when it is coolest because heat really messes up the curing . The first time I did it I let it cure for an hour at 3 o'clock in the afternoon when it was like 97 degrees outside . When I tried to install the mirror an hour later -LRB- directions say at least 30 minute cure time -RRB- the button popped right off and the adhesive was still liquid . The directions say do n't try and apply the adhesive if its hotter than 75 degrees and I think thats a strict rule.The instructions say to use only a drop of the adhesive . So for the first time I tried installing it I used a single drop of the adhesive as described , held it to the glass for 2 minutes and then let it cure for the hour . The adhesive was n't nearly enough but again it was seriously 97 degrees , it was a terrible idea.The first time I used the kit I did n't sand my button enough . The button for my car is black metal as is the underside of the button as well . What I did n't realize is that the black underpart of the button was actually the adhesive that the manufacturer used as opposed to the glue like substance that had been used by the auto detailing place -LRB- simoniz , not like a body shop -RRB- when they broke it off while doing the interior . So I sanded the button way down until the bottom of the button was shiny silver.So the second time I did it , I started at midnight when it was as cool as it was going to get . I also used 2 generous -LRB- borderline 3 -RRB- drops of the adhesive on my button . This will probably come back to bite me in the @ $ $ if I ever have to get it removed . Again , I pushed the button to the window for 2 minutes and this time let the button cure overnight . I awoke the next morning and tested it . At first I thought the button had popped because I had messed up when I was trying to install the mirror but surprisingly it was the bracket that popped -LRB- did n't break -RRB- leaving the button on there . In the end I had to remove the arm from the mirror , and get that onto the button , then push the actual mirror really hard onto the ball for the ball socket . All in all if it was going to break I imagine it would have broken when I was foolishly trying to get the mirror back on , though it did n't . I give it 4 out of 5 for these reasons because I think the single drop of adhesive is n't enough and because I have n't tested this product for an extended period of time.I 'll update this post again when/if the button comes off again .08 / 25/12Button fell off today while I was adjusting the the mirror . Perhaps I 've been messing around with it too much but I was confident it would hold . Thinking about trying this product again and using the whole adhesive tube but we 'll see .
 Followed the instructions perfectly , spent about an hour making sure both the windshield and the mirror button were immaculate . The mirror fell off the very next day . Waste of money , especially when I 'm trying to save every penny for tuition .
 Tried two different times . Bought Permatex twice . Applied it as per directions twice . It fell off twice . Is there anything that will hold better ?
 Not enough product to hold up a mirror . Mirror fell off again after two days
 I could not get it to work . I thought I followed the directions correctly . I will try again with another product .
 I did exactly as the instructions said and I waited two days for the adhesive to dry . I put my mirror on and attempted to adjust it and it popped right off . I wasted my money on this product , I recommend you try something else .
 I tried this glue and it does n't work at all . I thought it was a joke . I 'm not a difficult customer but this product was a real disappointment . A work of advice
 I went as far as scraping all the old adhesive off from the windshield and everything was done to the letter of the instructions . The mirror mount came off the glass as I was placing the mirror on . The glue stuck the the metal mount quite nicely , but that does n't help when you end up holding the mount after if fell off from the glass . I thought maybe I messed something up and tried a second package , same result . I 'm now looking for an alternative.I ended up going to O'Realy 's and picking up their brand . So far so good .
 I have used a total of 3 of these kits . Followed the instructions each time and then about a week later , the mirror is lying on the car floor . Product does not work , unless you only want your mirror to stay in place for a week or less .
 Excellent craftsman ; obsessively prepared surfaces.Did NOT hold.It seems many smart people like myself did * not * have success with the product , yet many others did -LRB- possibly both smart and . . not so smart people alike -RRB- , so obviously there are unknown technical factors/variables at play , and YMMV . -LRB- For anyone to say at this point whether it absolutely works or not in all cases is just pure ignorance and insanity . -RRB- User ` MTM ' had the most useful review IMO , so I will try the Permatex 84101 he suggested as this is the second `` rear view mirror kit '' product that 's epically failed for me .
 I have tried all the permatex mirror adhesives , and none of them have held for more than an hour . I have tried cleaning the glass with alcohol and acetone , and it did not help adhesion . 2 of the tries failed so badly that when i tried to snap the mirror onto the button , it pulled the button off like it was n't there and continued downward to put holes in my dashboard . I have been told this stuff has a short shelf life , so I may have gotten stale product . The Loctite kit I used previously lasted for 5 years in the same vehicle , and I put it on the same way . Too bad they stopped making it .
 I FOLLOWED THE INSTRUCTIONS ON THIS ITEM PRECISELY . MOUNTED MY MIRROR AND THE SECOND I TOUCHED IT IT FELL RIGHT OFF ... THE ADHESIVE JUST PLAIN DIDNT WORK . . `` ITEM IS HAZARDOUS '' SO NO RETURN OR REFUND IS AVAILABLE ... . BUY THIS STUFF FROM YOUR LOCAL AUTO PARTS PLACE OR BUY IT TWICE . BAD BAD BAD AMAZON . SHAME ON YOU FOR SELLING THIS .
 Hi , do not put zero stars because there is no such rating so I put a star , I 've always bought piaa bulbs , and do not last long , burn , besides talking about this light is not white , it gives a clear amber light , my desepcion was pretty big when I saw them on , I did not like and I lost my money , not recommended if you want white light.Thnak you
 Shipping was fast but the covers did not fit the seats the headrest did not fit either they were too small
 Be careful when selecting this product . Fits only base model wrx . Made the mistake and wasted time waiting for it to ship only to find out it 's the wrong product for my car . Make sure of your make and model of vehicle before buying !
 I ordered the Pro Grip PG Tank Protector Carbon-55005CA from Powersport Superstore.In one area of the product description it lists the product as being 11 X 7 inches . When the product arrived the product was actually closer to 8 1/2 by 6 inches . The packaging size was 11 X 7 inches !! In another fine print area the product was described as 29.9 cm X 17.8 cm . When I measured the product is was closer to 22 X 15 cm . So even that info was incorrect.The shipping was also 3 days later than promised.I am going to ask for a return of my money on this order . I would n't order from this company again .
 Could n't get anyone to install it . Called 8 area shops local and national chains , and noone would install it for me : -LRB-
 way too much trouble . took 2 hrs to install and local shop would have done the job for 35.00 more think about this option before buying !
 the light appears to have a blue coating on the glass , but when lit , they shine a bluish-pruple-pink ... not what I thought it would be .
 I entered the stats for my 1994 Honda Civic and was told this is the mat for my car . When I got it , it was a good fit except for the passenger side of the dash . It is too big on that side . I thought maybe I got the wrong one , so I came back to Amazon and looked at it again carefully and got the same model number . I searched online at found other sites recommending this same DashMat model number and this is the model number I kept getting for my car . So , because I needed one really bad and did n't know what else to do , I had to alter it myself to fit , which is OK , because I 'm a seamstress and I know how to alter , but this problem needs to be remedied by the manufacturer .
 bought it for a 06 mazda 3 , it said it fit , i emailed the seller to make sure , he said `` its a perfect fit for your car '' it came said for a mustang on the package , i returned it , about 27 days ago still no refund , never buying from this seller again , not happy and weres my money ? do n't buy from them
 Purchased this specific electric fuel pump for my Chrysler Town & Country to replace the OE part that had lasted 15 years . I Thought I was saving money when I checked locally and found NAPA 's price to be about $ 260 and the OE part was over $ 300 . My mechanic installed the first one and immediately my fuel gauge would go up and down like a yoyo with the low fuel alarm bell going off intermittently regardless of how much fuel was in the tank . I suggested that perhaps a ground wire had not been reconnected and he assured me that the fuel pump had been installed correctly . He IS a good mechanic that I have dealt with for over a decade . I ordered another Airtex pump . My mechanic installed the second one and said that it was somewhat different than the first ... -LRB- running product change ? -RRB- . I returned the first defective pump and now I am out the cost of an install . I submitted an `` install claim '' with Airtex and it is pending disposition . The second pump is misbehaving _ as well _ . After a fill up the gauge shows 1/4 full . Cycling the ignition key 1 to 10 times will get the gauge to read full . The pump certainly makes more noise than the OE part . Does not promote much in the way of confidence . If this pump fails inside of a year , I will also file another `` install claim '' .
 I purchased an AirTex E7094M fuel pump . It had similar issues . It was due to the float being made from 2 pieces of thin brittle plastic , poorly seamed together , and hollow . The seam developed a crack in an inside corner after the 1 yr warranty , which allowed gasoline to fill inside the float , making the float not float on top anymore . The float , now at the same density of the gasoline would find random spots to sink or float to , giving erroneous levels . What is worse , AirTex refused to send , or offer to sell , a replacement float . They just wanted me to purchase an entire fuel pump , whereas the float could easily be swapped out and it was a cheap hollow part .
 Over all a good idea , and was nice for awhile if only the keys werent total crap -LRB- paper thin -RRB- , I only adjusted the hitch 3 times before I bent 2 keys and then the 3rd broke off inside . Bottom line the keys make the hitch worthless .
 They sent me this item twice , both times it was the wrong seat cover and the packaging looked like it was thrown into a box and sent off . When I received the box , it was crumbled up and slightly open . I had to send both packages back and have not yet received any compensation for it . Very Poor
 Was advertised as 300 ohm per foot cable when in fact actually 6-7 thousand ohm rated . The better 937 cable is 300 ohm per ft. My used , wornout wires measured about 6400 ohms per ft. Otherwise product ok .
 Well , the price was right and it was Amazon Prime eligible and I could have it in time for my Labor day trip . I placed the order August 29 and was expecting it August 31 . It had not arrived by the time I hit the road the evening of September 1 . Oh well , it will still be nice to have . When I finally got around to installing it , it clearly was not designed for my vehicle . The heating vents did not match the cut outs and there was a large piece of extra material that just covered up my glove box . It 's a shame and the very first bad experience I 've had with Amazon . And to learn that they expect me to eat the return cost ... that 's just wrong in my opinion . BIG FAIL !!!
 They sent me this item twice , both times it was the wrong seat cover and the packaging looked like it was thrown into a box and sent off . When I received the box , it was crumbled up and slightly open . I had to send both packages back and have not yet received any compensation for it . Very Poor
 Well , the price was right and it was Amazon Prime eligible and I could have it in time for my Labor day trip . I placed the order August 29 and was expecting it August 31 . It had not arrived by the time I hit the road the evening of September 1 . Oh well , it will still be nice to have . When I finally got around to installing it , it clearly was not designed for my vehicle . The heating vents did not match the cut outs and there was a large piece of extra material that just covered up my glove box . It 's a shame and the very first bad experience I 've had with Amazon . And to learn that they expect me to eat the return cost ... that 's just wrong in my opinion . BIG FAIL !!!
 i just got this in on friday and today is monday . i installed it correctly and put in in my truck . it ran well when i did a trial run . downloaded info to my comp and every thing was great . used it again the next day and said correct info on the way to my destination and the way back the time was off . miles drivin was only 3.5 and time about 10min and diconnected it at 2:55 , but the carchip said disconected at 3:27 41 miles and time 55min . i didnt know what was going on so i de-installed and reinstalled the software . everything work correctly the way there at 41.6 miles and about 55min , connected at 11:15 and dis at 12:10 . the info on the way back was same distance but chip said con . at 5:45 and disc . at 10:16 when it was supposed to be 6:30 and miles at 209 ???? so i will find out the return thing and see if i can get every thing worked out .
 Overall , the product and company were good - but the color of the dashmat is no where near the caramel color of the interior.Very dissappointed .
 Just received this bumper and when I opened the box I was disappointed to find the bumper was not the same as pictured and advertised . This bumper does not have any D-ring mounts , only a smooth surfaced bumper . It 's disappointing because the D-rings are the main reason I ordered this item over others.Buyer beware , you are not getting what is shown in the picture .
 `` Obviously a returned item from another dissatisfied customer , scratches , bent , and the bolt to open the tire swing was broken off -LRB- which is probably why it was returned in the first place -RRB- . The tire carrier came a week after I already had installed the bumper . This item was `` made in China '' , very poor quality , and cheesy construction . Save yourself the headache and just buy a Warren bumper , they are made in the USA -LRB- Oregon -RRB- , and quality with excellent customer service . This `` S * itty built '' bumper is exactly that , a piece of Chinese made junk !
 Very complicated to install . The template they give you to drill out the holes in frame to mount bumper does not work . Spare Tire mount did not even latch until I modified . Grease fitting for spare tire mount hits tail gate when opening . You also have to remove fuel tank completely from vehicle to install bumper .
 Kit for 2005 Scion Xa rear brakes . Everything was fine , except for 2 springs . The bends on the springs were not perfect and could not be installed .
 The tubing is fine , but the product description leads a person to believe that it is a solid , non-split , tube ... which is what I wanted . What I got was a split tube like any number of others on the market . Disappointing to say the least .
 I bought expensive coverking products for my car thinking they would fit and match . After all , there are only 3 different interior colors for my year . Boy , was I wrong . The color was waaaay off . So bad that it just looked ridiculous . I sent it back , and not only did I have to pay shipping to me and shipping back , they had the nerve to charge me a 15 % restocking fee for finding out that their product is stupidly off color . DO NOT BUY from this company unless you have seen the color in a retail store somewhere .
 Watch the bottom gasket in this kit . It does not have the idle holes in it , so I had to use the old gasked . After rebuild , the car would n't idle . It ca n't when no gas can get through . it took me a while to figure that one out , so I hope this helps someone else .
 This has been a difficult process , as I have tried to work around the central fact , which is that this rebuild kit is so deficient as to be worthless , and simply fix my truck , which I am very able to do - and , of course , this central fact did n't become obvious until the job was well-commenced , with the truck immobilized , and the carb in pieces on my kitchen counter ! Walker has a good reputation - one of the best , really - for their rebuild kits , and , also , they are the only retail source for individual parts for Carter carburetors , so you must do business with them if you need such . That said , their kit # 15284C is indeed virtually worthless due to the fact that it omits several parts , namely , the accelerator pump piston -LRB- in their nomenclature , the plunger -RRB- the gasket for the vent valve cover , which sits above the accelerator pump shaft , and this because the second function of the accelerator plunger is to activate the bowl vent , acting as the valve , and the plunger return spring , which acts to close the vent valve.I called Walker , and they blandly affirmed that these parts were indeed not included , and offered to sell me missing parts - and at a price - $ 30 for the plunger alone - and shipping - and this all to bring up to adequacy a kit which cost $ 17 ! It can not be that is is coincidental that this shiftiness allows Walker to vend the same old kit without adding the necessary parts for post-1971 applications . That is , Walker is pretending that this kit covers not only the Cleaner Air Package -LRB- CAP -RRB- applications , which it apparently does , but also the Evaporative Control System -LRB- ECS -RRB- applications , The ringer here is the fact that every car and light truck sold in North America after 1971 -LRB- Cal -RRB- or 1972 -LRB- FED -RRB- has this package by mandate . And Amazon guarantees this kit for my application -LRB- 1973 D-100 -RRB- , and all other listings confirm this untruth . Amazon graciously sent me another kit on the hope that it would contain the omitted - not missing - parts , but it did not . I tried to make do with what I had , reusing the old plunger , making a vent cover gasket , and omitting the return spring . The result was useless - every carb rebuild manual stresses the necessity of replacing the plunger , among other things - and the truck yet sits ! Apparently , I must order these missing parts - from Walker - and rebuild the carb a third time . So , then , it seems impossible to consider this kit acceptable , much less satisfactory . Without the extra time , trouble and cost of solving the problem and of buying additional parts to ameliorate it , this kit quite simply would n't and could n't do the job it was marketed for . In my view , not Amazon 's conscious fault , and the nerve of Walker ! In net , a one-day project turns into an expensive and complicated rigamarole ! And I still have to do business with Walker!i
 we cleaned and wet the windows as instructed but it does n't stick well . We ' also did n't find it dark enough .
 I was very excited to get such an amazing deal on this shifter kit for my 74 chevy nova . We also ordered the console that goes to it thru amazon as well.The plate and mounting hardware were nowhere to be found in the package . All we recieved was the boot . We are unable to use this as we have no plate/hardware and will be e-mailing to complain .
 Woke up to find this alarm had completely drained my battery . Apparently this alarm goes off at the slightest vibration & keeps going until it 's sucks the life out of the car 's battery . Pretty useless item anyways , not even loud enough to hear when indoors , so what 's the point ?! Thanks for the additional headache & time waste of having to call for a jump start .
 1 -RRB- alarm is not very loud -LRB- so forget about using it as a panic device -RRB- , 2 -RRB- often did not pick up signal from transmitter -LRB- had to be close to vehicle -RRB- so forget using it to locate your car , and 3 -RRB- design seems dangerous - leads get clamped to car battery but there is nothing keeping the clamps from coming off , causing a short , or worse a fire - yikes !
 teentsy alarm barely audible from 60 feet frome my open window . certainly wo n't hear it while asleep . it installs easliy
 I bought this originally for a trip thru Mexico to Costa rica . I bought the Spanish version . It works good enough for the price , but if you are on rough roads , the mounting bracket breaks off the alarm horn and then it is piece of junk . I have had two of them , and they both broke at the same place . Also like some of the other people said , the alarm itself is not very loud , and the remote does n't work that good . Also trying to work with the manufacture was a total joke . I gave up and bought a real alarm
 not impressed . woulde n't buy another and do n't like this one . If you have to get an alarm , save your money and get a good one the first time .
 I 've had the Langka kit for 10 months and I 've tried it on at least 3 dozen chips over 4 cars . For each , the results were the same ... the blob eliminator removed all of the touch up paint I had put in the chip . I 've tried waiting 10 minutes , 60 minutes , 120 minutes , 4 hours , 6 hours , 12 hours , 2 days , 5 days , and 7 days . I have also tried every technique and variant of the instructions that I could find on the internet . Nothing works . The Langka system is an absolute wasting of time and money .
 Tried to repair a deep chip/scratch with this product ... total waste of time.Don ' t buy it!Go to a professional and have it fixed properly . .
 I bought this to repair a couple of chips in my 08 Zo6 Corvette hood . They said it was sooooo good . I followed the steps with the the GM paint I got from the dealer and 5 attempts later I still can not get it to fill in or match up to the existing paint . I should have saved my $ 50 , 2 hours and spent an additional $ 300 to have it done professionally . Not a good product .
 After trying to use it with touch up paint -LRB- dealer purchased -RRB- I find the results unremarkable . After cleaning per instructions , touching up with the paint , baking the car in the sun for the day and waiting overnight to use the Blob Eliminator -LRB- dry time is important per the instructions -RRB- I find the touch up paint tends to be totally removed from the chip . Thinking I was ham fisted I tried again . Therefore , I repeated the process per the instructions and got the same result.BOTTLES TEND TO SPILLThe bottles should have little flip off caps with small hole to prevent excessive spilling should bottle be knocked over -LRB- inevitable -RRB- . Half of the blob eliminator ended up on the garage floor when it was knocked over accidentily.PRICEYI think for nearly $ 40 I have been had for what appears to be a simple degreaser / cleaner and solution of compound with something that softens and dissolves acrylic lacquer paint . They probably added lacquer thinner to compounding agent . The plastic card and the polish -LRB- final step -RRB- are nice but not necessary.Don ' t waste your money . The testimonials on the Langka website must have been from relatives .
 I had the exact same results as Prof100 did . The blob eliminator completely wipes off every single molecule of touch-up paint with one gentle careful swipe . I tried several times . The very second the blob eliminator even looks at the touch-up paint ... it 's off the car.If the manufacturer is going to say I did n't apply it correctly and it requires technique ... . then you should n't sell it to the open public . I used extreme care to attempt to make this product work , and it does n't . Plain and simple . Myself and other users have tried multiple times with very little/no success . Certainly not acceptable and I feel I have wasted my money . DO NOT BUY .
 When I order the oil filter the description reads `` Pack of 2 '' but I got only one . I do n't know anyone can missed that .
 I 'm not very impressed by this . The handle itself is nice but the thread-inserts are made of low quaility metal . They stripped out quickly and now my handle wo n't tighten down . I eventually plan on filling the metal , drilling out a hole and rethreading it for my specific application.Between this and a handle made for a specific application , I 'd go for the later .
 I 'm not sure if I 'm the only one who has had this problem , but I have been using these wipers on my 2008 GMC Sierra for about 10 months now and have noticed one glaring problem.The new style wipers have a new connector to the wiper arm . The whole wiper is held on by two little spring-loaded plastic tabs that hook into two notches on the wiper arm . Unfortunately , if these little plastic tabs lose their springiness , which mine did within a couple of months , the whole blade just comes off if you rotate the wiper arm hinge away from the windshield.Numerous times , almost every time , when I move the wipers away from the windshield to clean them while I 'm gassing up , one or both of them will swing out and then disconnect from the hook at the other end of the connector and fall on my hood . At other times , I 'll just be driving along and notice the joint between the connector and the wiper arm has about a 1/4 '' gap . I 'll have to stop , at my next opportunity , and reseat the connector . Very annoying . This is particularly difficult when there 's ice/snow on the windshield -LRB- as there was today -RRB- and trying to knock the ice off of them . I had to just take them off and knock the ice off , then reconnect , hoping that the connector was n't too covered in ice to properly latch.As long as the wiper arm is applying pressure to the blade on the windshield , which is when it 's in the down/normal position , the blade tends to stay put , even if not fully connected . I have had it pop off in use only once . That is once too many for a safety device like a wiper blade.This is a shame . I really like the performance of the blades on my windshield when they are properly connected . They provide a smooth , chatter free wipe and do perform much better than the stock blades . However , the stock blades never disconnected on their own , even when cleaning them.I 'm off to find more dependable blades .
 Hello AMI recently purchased the Bosch 443 ICON wiper blades . Up till now I am very unhappy with them . They leave streaksright at eye level . It seems to be the drivers side only . I beleive the next set I will go back to the VALEO bladesI have had very good luck with them . I just thought you should know.THANK YOUJOHN O. CASE
 The blades fit the arms the same as the OEM blades and that is a plus . However at highway speeds the center of the blade loses contact with the glass . Switched blades and had the same result . Could be the arms do n't exert enough downward force or wind force lifts center of blade . Dangerous situation .
 I picked these up at AutoZone for a 2003 Cadillac SLS , which has standard hook attachments . The blades came with a single connector already attached that did * not * fit the standard hook style attachments on the SLS . I exchanged them for RainX Lattitides which cost less and fit right away out of the package . I noticed that the Lattitudes came with several replacement connectors , one of which was identical to the one used on the Bosch blades . The Bosch blades I purchased were unopened , so I assume they just come this way from the factory . Inexcusable for a $ 50 pair of blades . That was the first and will also be the last Bosch auto part I ever purchase .
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 Rust ! Rust ! Rust ! Just after a year I have holes in this crap . Pay the extra money n buy the chrome . This is junk !!!!
 I bought this product in 2010 , and what I received was a set of generic foam pads that did n't have the Meguiar 's stamp on one side . I called the seller MIDWEST MARINE & SPORTING GOODS and they said that Meguiar 's does n't make those anymore . So I decided to keep the generic ones that Midwest Marine and Sporting Goods sent . Last week March 3 , 2012 I happened to be in a paint store , and low and behold they sold a two pack of the Meguiar 's yellow foam pads for $ 2.89 . Not only was it cheaper than what I paid online , which was $ 7.89 for 4pack generic foam pads , but it was also what I was looking for , and not false advertising like this product . The customer service person from Midwest Marine and Sporting Goods could 've at least admitted that they needed to change the picture , instead of telling me Meguiar 's does n't make those foam pads anymore . Sad to see the picture for this listed item still shows the meguiar foam pads , but in actuallity it should show what they are really selling you , the same yellow foam pads but without any writing , just a generic brand .
 The horns worked great for a week and now they just make a very low inaudible noise . Very poor quality .
 Well I bought one , lasted a year or 2 . I figure for $ 40 thats what I get . So I 'm about to sell the vehicle and want something cheap to throw in it again so I buy another one and low and behold the thing only lasts 2 weeks this time.So now I need ANOTHER one just to sell the truck and am going to be out another $ 40 at least . Sweet.I 'm going to try out the `` Professional Products 10700 '' to see how well it goes since it has no reviews anywhere . So go look at that product instead of this trash and see if there are any positive reviews yet .
 I 've gone through 2 of these pumps in 6 months ; the first one lasted maybe 2 weeks ... . I 'm going to look at Facet or Airtex brands .
 I pumped 15 gallons of fuel in my boat the unit quit pumping with no change in motor sound . The next day I checked the intake fuel filter and the unit pumped 5 gallons and did the same thing . Amazon is great I am returning for a refund .
 Do n't buy this pump it only lasted about 1 hour and quit . I will be returning it and buying a higher rated pump
 I bought 2 of this fuel pumps . One is this 12S and one is 42S . Both of them failed in a few months . I used it pump fuel for 5 minutes per day on my work . Therefore , it is not very reliable . One of them I have to hit is a few times before it start pumping now and one is totally dead .
 For an item that is supposed to be a bolt on , no modding required , this thing is a rip-off . My car worked for approx 200 miles before it started leaving me stranded on the side of the road . Walking 5 miles to get a gas can filled to come back and prime my carb because this P.O.S. pump wo n't fill the bowl at random times is rather frustrating . Yesterday my car died FOUR TIMES at random intervals along my 65 mile commute.I paid 50 bucks for it at the auto parts store , glad they offer a warranty , but it will never recover the hours I 've spent stuck on the side of the road.The fact that the filter they sell with it is totally worthless is an absolute indicator of a company that does n't care much for putting out a quality product . I 'll never buy from this company again . Do yourself a favor and stay away , for an item that is critical for your vehicle to operate the questionable quality should scare you enough . Even if the competitors price is 100 bucks higher , I 'd gladly pay for the peace of mind knowing that it will at least function . Imagine if my car stalled out on the tollway where the speed limit is 75 ? Would have been a bad day on one of the blind curves with a semi bearing down on me in the middle lane.Let me tell you when this thing fails it 's not like the performance is degraded , your car dies , right there , on the spot , nothing you can do about but hope you can coast to a safe area ... I 'd like to strangle a quality control person at Mr. Gasket .
 Lasts about six months ... comes with a 90 day warranty . Hecho in china ... go figure . Take your hard earned money and buy a solid , US made pump . It might cost twice as much , but if it lasts it is worth it .
 I bought this pump in August and installed on my car , it 's a '72 model . I drove the car to the Expo and back -- almost 10 miles . I parked the car until October . The fuel pump would not work , this would have been the second time the pump was used . I returned the pump with the receipt to Auto Zone . They would not refund or exchange it . I was sure it was defective considering the little bit of use it had . I argued with the manager at Zone Zone and swore to never to any business with them again . I bought the same pump from O'Reily 's and replaced the one I bought in August . I drove the car 4 miles that day and then parked it for 3 weeks . I went to move the car , and nothing , the second pump was out . Lucky for me it was within the 30 days this time . I got my money back from O'Reily 's and replaced it with an Air-Tec , which has worked fine 5 times with the longest period of non use being Nov. 20 - Jan. 18 . Do n't waste your money . You will be sorry if you buy this .
 I installed this pump level to the BOTTOM of my fuel tank , up front . It says to install within 12 '' of bottom HEIGHT . Does n't mention distance from tank . I figured that it should be fine . Nope !! This thing has problems with being on a hill . If you have to park on the slightest incline be prepared to roll , push or winch to get pointed downhill so the pump primes itself . This also needs to be mounted on rubber feet because if it runs dry , from sitting on an incline , it literally sounds as though a tiny jackhammer is pounding on your vehicle . Trust me , it 's loud and takes forever to prime itself , provided you 're pointing downhill !
 This is by far the worst part in automotive history . I like the others in the previous comments bought one and had it sitting for a few weeks after purchase . When i went to install it . It ran for a bit , after minute was over Complete silence . It died faster than you can say Micheal Jackson . Do your self a favor do n't buy Mr Gasket anything .
 The knob I received is a good deal larger than what it looks like on the website . It 's a beautiful part but unfortunately it does n't fit my 2nd generation Mazda MX-6 . -LRB- The mounting hole of the knob has a larger diameter than the stick in my car so it ca n't be securely attached . -RRB- I wish this website had copied the label on the package reading `` Fits Mustang '' .
 This shade was great for the first few days we used it , but it stops sticking to the window in cool/cold weather -LRB- like 45 or below -RRB- . Also , if you leave it down , it 's great . But if you intend to be able to see out of that window and want to roll it up when not in use , do n't count on it working for you . The button to roll it up eventually sticks and you have to manually push it up . It 's okay , but not worth this price , and not worth using if you do n't want to leave it down all the time .
 the product does not stay in the window . it keeps falling it was a total waste of money . Once you stick it on the window it is guaranteed to fall by the next day .
 We have a small car -LRB- honda insight -RRB- so we ca n't use just any shade , but this one fit well . Our son got a kick out of having balloons and Pooh to look at , but it did n't last more than 6 months . The suction cups got kind of hard , or dried up and stopped sticking . The roller broke and worst of all , our son was suddenly able to pull a metal stick out of the bottom one day . We 've since paid an extra $ 4.00 for a higher quality product and it 's holding up much better .
 We just installed two of these sun shades and while the build quality of the case and mechanism feels sturdy , the shade is flimsy and does not seem to be durable . I also did n't stop to think that it 's not really easy to see through the shade so they create blind spots . I think next time I would purchase a shade without the graphics .
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 Buy a few bags of sand put them in the back of your rig and tie them down right . you can use the sand as a traction device when you get stuck by emptying them onto the ice underneath your tires ... this product is something that would get laughed at out here in Idaho .
 Of the many purchases I have made on Amazon.com over the years , this is the first one I have been dissatisfied with . The mat fits the dash correctly , but covers -LRB- no cut-outs -RRB- the stereo speakers . The installation instructions say that this will not affect the sound of the stereo , but clearly does . My dash was thoroughly cleaned with alcohol before attaching adhesive strips but after a couple of days they quit sticking and mat refuses to lay flat to the contours of the dash . I am currently looking for another adhesive alternative at the current time .
 Unlike other mats that I have had in the past , this mat was very flimsy , did n't conform to the dash and would n't stay in place without the stick on velcroe fasteners .
 I bought the Tinker Bell wheel cover and the floor mats to match . Within less than six months all the white color parts of the Tinkerbell wheel cover changed to brown . The mats are still ok . I am just guessing but I thought it may be due to the sun or summer heat .
 Product does not fit my 1995 Audi A6 Quattro as described.The holes on the front mats are about 3 inches too wide and incorrectly placed for the factory mounting points . In addition , the mats do n't seem to line up properly with the shape of the floor.The rear mats are too large and do n't really line up with the floor either . The rear mats cover up the under-seat air vents by about 1 inch.This is not compatible with 1995 Audi A6 Quattro 's -LRB- and I imagine all C5 audi 's -RRB- . Not sure why it is advertised as such.It came with a note saying to contact Coverking with any issues . I contacted them 4 days ago and 2 days ago and received no response .
 Highly disappointed with this product . It was not the right size for my truck although I specified the make and model that it was for . Ca n't figure why Mr. Majestic was not able to supply the right product .
 I purchased a K&N ; Filter for my 2001 BMW 330xi last year and had troubles from the very beginning . I want to document my experience with K&N ; because I interacted with the company and was n't overall happy with the results.When it came time to replace my air filter , I selected K&N ; based on written recommendations and their advertisements . Soon after installing the filter , my yellow `` check engine '' light came on . I took it to the local shop where they told me the codes read `` too lean '' on the intake ... too much air was being drawn through versus the standard settings . My BMW is 100 % stock -LRB- well , except for this air filter -RRB- . The local shop thought perhaps some of the oil from the filter had gotten on the sensor -LRB- K&N ; says this is extremely unlikely -RRB- , so they cleaned the sensor . No difference . Finally , I contacted K&N ; and they told me , verbally , that this was a KNOWN ISSUE -LRB- the `` too lean '' condition -RRB- that happens occasionally with certain BMWs . Geez ... so glad they did n't warn me earlier ! The shop charged me ~ $ 150 to clean my sensor and K&N ; refused to reimburse me -LRB- the shop had n't seen this K&N ; issue either -RRB- . To K&N ; 's credit , they did take back the filter and refunded my money . However , IMHO , K&N ; should have included a warning/note with this product alerting me to this possibility . That would have saved me a lot of time/frustration and $ 150 .
 It only covered the hood and came with two little pieces to cover the corner of the fender only . nothing else , does n't look anything like the picture .
 Jeep dealer was unable to get the remote to be recognized to operate . Waiting for authorization to return for credit .
 My order arrived today . It was supposed to be a TWIN PACK but I only received one . I guess the fact that it was the right filter is somewhat consoling -LRB- but it was the regular type not the super one -RRB- . I would not order again .
 Overall , the product and company were good - but the color of the dashmat is no where near the caramel color of the interior.Very dissappointed .
 These brake lines do not fit an F53 RV chassis . The front lines are too short . Edelbrock will not answer their phone . The phone is in a constant &#34; busy &#34; loop . They do not publish the hose lengths making it impossible to know whether they 'll fit prior to ordering . The fact that these do not fit has caused many complications in my business schedule and the RV owner 's schedule for travel . Very BAD Edelbrock . For anyone looking for F53 RV brake hoses , Ford has discontinued them and they can not be found anywhere . The hoses listed in aftermarket auto parts stores do not fit either as they are 6 &#34; too short also .
 Bought the 6000IG to power my fifth wheel . When it was delivered the battery was dead and wouldnt take a charge ... had to purchase a new one myself because kipor blammed the vender I bought it from , and the vender blammed kipor as it was kipor 's product ... I gave up and bought my own . Engine cranked when I put the knew battery in so not wanting to travel with a full tank of gasoline in my camper , off I went to go CAMPING . Once I got to the site and filled the tank , the engine fired right up , about a half hour later , the fuel shut off was dumping fuel inside the unit . I shut it down , packed it up and was without power the remainder of the week ... WHAT A NIGHTMARE ! Got back home tweeked a few things and everything thing seemed to be ok . The next time I needed the generator , I made sure it started before I left home , however , once again as soon as I got to my camp site , the generator would not start , another week without electric . ANOTHER NIGHTMARE !!! So now I am working with kipor to drop the nearly 300lb peice of junk off at a shop located over an hour away from home . In conclusion , I expected to have a unit comparable to the honda 6K generator , instead got one of China 's finest peices of junk ...
 I 'd give it less than one star if possible but I guess since it lasted 7 months 1 star will do . Warranty service is near impossible as every shop Kipor sent me to refused to work on it citing lack of parts and sloooow payment and in fact said they regretted even selling them . Finally found a shop willing to work on it , found out the inverter was bad as well as the valve cover . The real shocker came when I was told it 'd be many weeks before they could get parts to fix it since none were available in the U.S. . Had about 40 hours total on it before it went south . When it worked it did the job just fine but should last longer than 7 months and shops/parts should be available somewhere other than CHINA.Got a partial refund from the company I bought it from , at least they 're standing behind what they sold!Buying a Yamaha 6300 , lighter , quieter , more bells and whistles , less fuel usage and dependable and the biggie , if it happens to break there 's shops willing to fix it and parts that are available.DO NOT BUY THIS HEAP unless it 's not critical that it runs .
 We received our Kipor IG6000 6000 Watt Inverter Generatora week ago . My husband got it ready to start , wrong ! It would n't start the battery was DEAD . So he TRIED to charge it , but it would n't charge . Naturally , we are ready to use it , so we decide to PURCHASE a new batter , which cost $ 72 . Add that to the cost ! Well , we get it running , so off we are for a wonderful weekend , this is to run a large RV , Right ? Well , we have a great start , off goes our switch to over load , but the Generator is still running , how about that . This happened several time . We call the Kipor for assistance , but according to Number we Called -LRB-450-RRB-441-2707 , we were told that this was not a 6000 Watt Generator . Wow ! She said that Amazon was not correct on the ad . OMG ! NOT TRUE ! RIGHT ! Well , she did advice us to go to a Kipor rep. and they might be able to help . We are looking to travel , at least 4 hours to do this . Well , we are here with a unit that overloads , mind you 6000 Watt -LRB- as posted -RRB- and a Dead Battery , Oh ! we ca n't forget the tires that are falling apart ! I have learned an expensive lesson , which I am not giving up just yet . So if anyone knows where I might get some assistance with this problem , please help ! Hope this helps all who are planning to purchase this Kipor IG6000 6000 Watt Inverter Generator .
 purchased this product online to save 150.00 when the item arrived the battery was dead . no problem put it on charge and it will be ok . wrong battery would not take a charge . this item must have been sitting in a warehouse forever and no quality control was ever considered about looking into this . then after that problem was fixed the fuel filter on it kept clogging . there was setiment in the tank but the filter itself was just to fine for a fuel filter . after replacing the filter with a generic inline fuel filter and replacing the battery the genset itself worked good . take this revie for what its worth i will never order anything this big offline again i will pay the extra 150 to buy at a local dealer that way someone is close by to take care of the problems instead of having to do it myself .
 I imported the Kipor IG6000 to Dominica , as we are off grid . Paying for Duty and freight in addition to the cost . First problem - dead battery . Kipor said `` charge it overnight '' We live on an island - had to pay $ 100US for a battery charger . It has been charging for 2 nights , and not even a spark.Next problem . The spec for the Kipor very clearly says 240v - which we need . When the generator arrives , there is a huge socket for 240v which no plug will fit . After countless emails to Kipor and the RV company we got it from . We were told that we bought an American Spec generator , so they ca n't help . So we then have to spend $ 150US on a transformer , and we have to pay for an electrician to wire it to the generator . So I would NOT recommend this product at all . I am disgusted with the way I have been brushed off , and how the spec for the generator is wrong . I have no idea whether it is a good generator - because I have so much to do before I can actually get it going !
 PURCHASED KIPOR6000 USED LESS THAN TEN HOURS , WAS A BACKUP UNIT . WAS MANUFACTUERED IN 2006 . WHEN I GOT IT LAST FALL EVERYTHING WORKED GREAT , PUT IT AWAY FOR THE WINTER . SPRING STARTUP-RED OVERLOAD LITE BLINKING = NO AC ... HAD A HORRIBLE TIME GETTING HELP AND A DIAGNOSIS SO ON THE WEB I GO TO COMPILE INFO AND SERV/REPAIR MANUALS TO FIGURE THIS THING OUT . GOOD DIAGNOSIS MATERIALS . PROVED OUT THAT THE INVERTOR HAD FAILED SITTING OVER WINTER . A HUGE SOLID STATE $ 1,300 UNIT . WAS SHOCKED AT THE REPAIR COST AND THE FACT THAT NOW I FIND THAT THIS IS NOT UNCOMMON A FAILURE WITH THIS UNIT . POSSIBLY A COLD TEMP RELATED FAILURE?KIPOR WOULD DO NOTHING AS TO WARRANTY . -LSB- SECOND OWNWER THING -RSB- . THE NEW INVERTOR LOOKS LIKE A REDESIGN , SURE HOPE THIS AN UPDATE TO FIX THE PROBLEM . IF I HAD TO DO IT OVER KNOWING THE INVERTOR PROBLEM , NO WAY I WOULD BY THIS CHINA SPECIAL . WAS A POOR INVESTMENT FOR SURE . !!!! ENDED UP BEING A THROW AWAY UNIT ...
 dead battery , how 's that for a power outage problem with a no pull start option !
 The tool is over priced for what it does . I also check other websites and found the item considerably cheaper . In my opinion , for what this items does , I would n't buy it . Seller shipped item promptly so I have no problem with them .
 I ordered this water pump , but I 'm not sure , that this is original BOSCH . Because there are no any sings if this brand directly on water pump . It came in BOSCH 's box , that even was n't sealed . So I can take box , put into it any pump I want and sell it as `` BOSCH '' .
 Despite oiling the lock entry , I still have the dickens of a time getting my key into this cap every time I stop for a fill-up . The `` sliding gate '' just does n't want to move out of the way . So I fumble around until it finally works . Look elsewhere ...
 The product was too small in the bottom section to fit on my 2006 Ford Five Hundred.The top section does NOT have two areas which stay up in the air , as pictured , and which might have served as bug/stone deflectors.It was a disappointment , but I was `` out '' only a couple of dollars as Amazon did promptly refund the purchase price and about $ 5 of the $ 7.31 USPS charge to return the item.My wife now thinks I am foolish to purchase items on-line .
 Absolute junk ! Tried three of them , they all sounded out of balance and definitely not throwing out air like the factory one . Go with the original one .
 Fan was smaller than factory but easy to install with a wired plug in but next time I would spend extra money and get factory blower motor . This one does n't blow as hard as factory .
 From the picture displayed the four seasons 35121 blower motor lookes like the original blower motor . The 35121 blower motor is nothing like the original . After I installed the motor I have a humming noise that will not go away , and I can not reinstall the heat shield that is critical for protection of the motor . I will keep this mistake -LRB- blower motor -RRB- but I will not order from AMAZON and I will not use four seasons again.Bill T. Sanders
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 These pads fit , that gets them one star ! Otherwise they are not very good . The amount of noise these pads make is amazing . I know German brakes are prone to noise , but this is truly above and beyond ! No amount of brake quiet could coax these babies to keep the volume down . I finally gave up , bought another set of pads and threw these out .
 This wire brush was a complete disappointment and is going in the trash after just one use . I 'm actually wondering if I received a knock-off version of the real SM Armnold brush . The bristles on the brush I received are few and far between and did not keep their stiffness which lead to flat spots on the brush . The wire in the center was also supposed to be coated with plastic to prevent scratches but the wire on my brush has no such coating . This brush should cost no more than $ 1.00 including shipping . It 's pretty much useless as a wheel brush . I 'll keep looking for a decent one .
 This seal looked as if it had been cut out by someones dog chewing on it . Compared to the old one I took out , which was 15yrs old it looked like crap . I honestly would n't have accepted it , but it was in the package like this and not the sellers fault . I needed it , and did n't have time to wait for another . Would recommend getting your seal from some other manufacturer .
 Ordered and received in a timely function . However , Trumark/site needs to update the photo utilized to represent the product since the motor did not have a pigtail connector attached so the wires/contacts were hanging free . Second , the Hyundai Sonata 2002 model blower motor has a plastic tube that connects to the air spout
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 I bought this for a 90 Montero - would n't fit . I also tried it on my 99 Explorer - would n't fit . I then tried it on my 08 Silverado - surprise ... it would n't fit . If you own a small car , you may have luck . Good quality .
 I purchased this seat . They charged me and thne they never shipped it . UPS confirmed they never shipped it ! DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM RPM CYCLE !
 This item is not as the picture in amazon.com I received an item that not was ordered . Is Diferent . Amazon did not replace the product . he is not responsible .
 Product appears to be well made . However , I wear glasses & I have a difficult time putting it on with my glasses . Consequently , after the 1st use , I 've tossed it aside . My glasses frame is on the small side , so I can imagine that it will be very difficult for someone with a large frame . Once I got it on over the glasses , the fit was just tolerable . I know that I wo n't purchase this product again in the future . If I did n't wear glasses , I would have given it 4 stars .
 Items came in a timely manner . Tips were beautiful but after two days on vehicle they began to turn a copper color . Contacted Gibson , their statement was that stainless steel tip will change color when exposed to heat -LRB- that was not in description -RRB- . Hello , all exhaust tips are exposed to heat **** Returned to Amazon , their customer service asked no questions.Amazon rocks !!!!
 Product does not fit my 1995 Audi A6 Quattro as described.The holes on the front mats are about 3 inches too wide and incorrectly placed for the factory mounting points . In addition , the mats do n't seem to line up properly with the shape of the floor.The rear mats are too large and do n't really line up with the floor either . The rear mats cover up the under-seat air vents by about 1 inch.This is not compatible with 1995 Audi A6 Quattro 's -LRB- and I imagine all C5 audi 's -RRB- . Not sure why it is advertised as such.It came with a note saying to contact Coverking with any issues . I contacted them 4 days ago and 2 days ago and received no response .
 I have used this jack many times while working on my car in the garage . I bought it because it is advertized as - all steel construction . I pulled off to the side of the road -LRB- 2 days ago -RRB- to help someone out who was stuck in the snow . When it was time for me to leave , one of my car 's rear wheels got stuck in the snow . I used this jack to raise my rear wheel . While the car was rising , I hear two snaps and the car start to sway over . The plastic legs broke off - that 's right plastic - they are painted to disguise themselves as steel . Even the brass looking feet on the legs are plastic that have been electroplated to look like brass . Then upon further investigation , I discovered that the entire base is plastic - see those big side revits in the picture penetrating the base - the entire base , legs and all are plastic . Do n't buy this jack if you intend to use it on a non - concrete floor . This is false advertising and Amazon may have to share in the responsibility.PS - the gear box cover is plastic and the top support that contacts your car is also plastic . Plus there is no indication of where it was made - at least China will put its name on what they make .
 Do n't buy this jack . Not reliable . Will work sometimes but not always . Finaly died after sitting in the back of my car for less than a year . Only used a few times . Cheap plastic parts and gears . Cigarette plug does n't even fit well and pops out all the time . Control switch is iffy and hard to press . Its a joke and it 's not cheap either so do n't waste your money .
 Read these reviews people . Those plastic legs even fooled me . They broke without warning and only good luck kept the car from falling on me . And who are you going to sue if you or someone you know is hurt from this thing ? The China man who made it?I use it to save the money on the yearly snow tire change over on my smaller economy car . I had the rear jacked up and the one rear tire just finger tight with only one lug nut when without warning , those metal lookalike , plastic legs broke with a bang and the car fell sideways . That one finger tight lug nut kept the car up long enough for me to get the factory jack out from the trunk and lift the car . When I did , the whole plastic leg assembly just fell apart on the floor . If that tire would n't have been on there , the car could have fallen to the ground.Stay away from this thing . It should be banned . And if you did buy it , STOP using it now . Someones life is not worth the few dollars you save on this dangerous cheap item . Amazon , you need to look into this now !!!
 A load of under 100 pounds was applied to the jack , whereupon , the plastic gear attached to the acme screw was stripped by the metal gear driving it .
 This is not a direct replacement . It 's positive and negative terminals are smaller than the original battery that comes with your fios . The battery is made in Vietnam .
 I ordered this product after reading good reviews of this battery for my home alarm system . In my case after i received it in 65 days it showed up with low battery signal.When i called the seller he says there is no warranty on this product . This battery has no warranty . i would never buy it again .
 I ordered 5 of these batteries less than 18 months ago and only one is still working . I ended up buying a new APC backup supply which comes with a three year warranty including the battery . I would not recommend these batteries for their short life .
 Received my batteries today . Other vendors put Sealed Lead Acid batteries into cardboard boxes for shipping . Ecom just uses a singe layer of thin bubble wrap and places them in a Priority Mail envelope.The two batteries arrived dented , cracked and discharged.Now I understand why Ecom can sell them at such a low price.Next time I 'll buy from a reputable dealer and avoid Amazon marketplace dealers .
 The battery was delivered today and the battery was not in the originally packaging ; it is very clear this is a used battery . The battery that I am replacing looks newer than this one ! When I originally purchased there was no mention of it being a used battery . I 'll update the post on performance and longevity of the battery , but I 'm not expecting a lot !
 I order two Powersonic PS-12180NB batteries sold by eComElectronics on Amazon . What they sent me were two ub12180 from another manufacturer -LRB- which can be bought cheaper on eBay -RRB- . The batteries charged and seemed to be working fine but after the first charge neither battery would charge in the device I bought it for nor would they charge out of the device on a battery charger . I notified eComElectronics and they did not respond . Complete waste of money and not even the product advertised .
 Steer away from these company , they used to sell good quality lock nuts as I ordered a set from them and after 1 year the all bolts is rusted , another six months later when I try to removed the bolts to change my brake pads the security key teeth strip with the inner welding got busted . Call McGard they ask for receipt for warranty so my luck ran out and had to purchased a replacement key plus shipping total of $ 30 . After six months one of the bolt inner welding broke so I had to use an oversize socket to loosing it , after all 4 McGard bolts came off my car I was relieve and quickly use the OEM bolts came with my car.Save yourself time and money do n't buy this JUNK .
 I liked this product but it did not fit my new 2013 Dodge Journey . Returning and going to search out for one that fits
 The website states that these are compatible with a 2006 Chevy Silverado PU . While the lugnut lock itself will fit on the wheels studs correctly the socket provided is larger than the stock OEM lug wrench that comes with the truck -LRB- the stock size is 22 mm while their socket looks like it is 1 '' -LRB- does not even state on the packaging -RRB- -RRB- . The problem with this is you will need to then pack another lug wrench or socket and breaker bar in your truck in case you get a flat . For this reason I returned the product as I did not want this additional hassle and expense . I went with Gorilla locks which provide a socket to remove them that is the same size as the stock OEM lug wrench that comes with the truck .
 The product worked for only a few minutes . Not helpful on a trip that included six days in the car .
 I bought this because I read on some of the reviews that it had worked well with TV & PS2 . I needed it to work with TV & Xbox . It did NOT . I guess it is partly my fault . I did not take the time to make sure it was adequate for the job . It would run the Xbox OK or a 9 '' TV OK . But as soon as I would plug Xbox & TV it would turn itself off . At least it did not blow my fuse . That 's what kept it from getting one star .
 at supposedly 300 watts , i thought this would be a perfect carry-along to run small tools , recharge phones , play cd players , devices , etc.WRONG ! For recharging phones ; ok . small cd players ; ok . dremel or smaller similar tools , nothing happening!just a loud high squeal which denotes the appl is pulling more amps than this weak ass unit can supply . should have gone for the higher wattage model which can power a wider asst. of appls . the only positive is the cig lighter plug-in instead of direct-to-battery hookup which is a pain in the ass .
 Worked with my old laptop after having it for 2 years and getting a 10x more powerful truck it started screeching if the truck was just running off battery power . Would n't allow me to use my laptop anymore . I am looking for something that would work a lot better than this piece of junk . Very disapointed that it worked with a laptop . The laptop I use now is older than the one that it was being used for and is giving me problems . Will never buy from this company again .
 Used this inverter once to power up a 32 inch LCD TV during a power failure . Worked fine . Tried 8 months latter and unit was dead -LRB- only the fan worked -RRB- . Past the warranty so I got 3 hours of service out of this junk . Read the warranty on these inverters . The only manufacturer that gives you a decent warranty is Whistler ... 2 years .
 Been a while so do n't recall all the specifics , but returned this one after would not keep our laptop powered up at all . I read instructions , was very , very careful to do everything right but found myself so disappointed on that first road trip .
 I was about to leave on a long road-trip . I liked the fact it had 2 plugs . But when it arrived and I opened it to check the manual , I discovered it requires a special connection to the car battery and was not recommended for most cars . I checked my car manual and discovered it could only handle 100 WATTS , so the purchase was totally useless . Please check your car manual before you purchase such an item . In fact , on the road trip , we burned out the car adapter by overloading it with 3 devices with standard car charger adapters . We also found that another AC adapter overheated , and would not supply sufficient power , unless the other devices were unplugged .
 I had hopes of running outdoor tools down our road where no electrical cord can go . Found that even the little hedger at 2.7 volts wo n't run on this , so it 's of no use to me . Before you buy be sure to do your math and figure out whether it can handle what you want to use it for !
 Product appeared to be exactly what was ordered , however when hooked up to the auto power supply it did not work . Unfortunately not used immediately returned after 30 days . Not a satisfied customer .
 Pros
 This would have been a fine inverter if it was n't for the fact that the fan started buzzing and making an awful racket after just three days on the road . That alone is why I gave this product a two star rating . There 's no excuse on the manufactures part for using a cheap fan that goes kaput in just a matter of days . I 'd shop around a bit more if I were you .
 I bought this unit and made sure it worked as soon as I arrived , unfortunately I did not do a full load test of the unit within 30 days and when I went to use it on a road trip the unit failed when I plugged in two things -LRB- less than 100W total -RRB- . I 've used a multimeter to verify the voltage off the car battery and have even done the direct connection to the battery and it still fails which shows that it 's not some internal current limiting circuitry of my car .
 I ca n't rate this item well , as it broke the first time I used it . The plastic on the plug that goes into the car outlet is very thin and it broke as I tried to remove it . The broken plug was then stuck in the outlet and it became very difficult to remove because the plastic shattered into many , tiny pieces . I would reccomend another inverter .
 I got this inverter after reading all the reviews . I used it just once with my 65W laptop -LRB- for my Microsoft Streets and Trips -RRB- on an hour 's trip and blew off a bunch of my car 's fuses . Headlight , sideview mirrors , clock , ... everything went off . Luckily , the fog lights were working , otherwise I would not have made it back home .
 Purchased this item to take on a trip to charge cameras and cell phones , but did not check it out prior to leaving - Will not charge anything . It only puts out 88 volts - bad product
 I own -LRB- ed -RRB- two of these -LRB- now 1 -RRB- . They are quiet , and while 1 is still working , the other worked for only about 1 year , and now will consistently blow the accessory plug fuse in both vehicles , and has also apparently permanently damaged the electrical system in one vehicle -LRB- even replacing the blown fuse does not restore power the the accessory plug -RRB- . Even though one of the two still works fine , I would recommend choosing a different inverter .
 Here 's a story to tell my grandkids one day . I plugged it in , and it seemed just a bit tighter than other AC/DC tips , but it worked fine for my cell phone charger , so I left it in . The next day I came home after work , and my MDX 's headlights were flickering like a SOS signal . What happened was my wife left the lights on , and because the inverter was plugged in and turned on , it bypassed the power-saving mode and the headlights were draining juice from the battery . I immediately went to unplug it and guessed what ? IT 'S STUCK ! I gave it a hard pull , and the stupid plastic tip broke , leaving my battery bleeding out like a stabbing victim . I ended up cutting the inverter 's cord to bypass the antitheft system , then after yelling with my wife for not know to how to use the auto headlight mode , I duct-taped it back so I can salvage my $ 25 . So now the thing works , but it 's stuck in there like a bullet fragment the doctor does not want to touch . By the way if you 're wondering , the car 's battery is fine . Without the anti-theft system , the battery would have been drained completely . So I have Acura to thank for that . This is what happened to me and me only , so buy this product at your own risk .
 As soon as I use it , It was broken.I tried to change the fuse several times.What it showed was beutiful spark every single time.I just gave up to fix it . How can I believe thatthey can fix it even though they are selling stuff like it?I do n't even know why it was broken .
 The description lists this as being NEW , not rebuilt . The item that was sent to me was REMANUFACTURED , and not NEW.Me copy of the order clearly lists the item as NEW . Pretty disappointing from Amazon Prime .
 Title and description was for Ellie shoes , drop down menu gave choice of sizes , received some kind of car part .
 As the others have said , it 's HARD to buff off this wax . I had Meguiars Tech Wax before buying this , which was excellent . I decided to try this out and save some money -- and boy did I regret that decision . It took me forever to wax my car because this wax is just so difficult to buff off . The Tech Wax may be 3x the price of this , but it 's well worth it -- unless , of course , you really want to build up your shoulder muscles trying to get the Turtle Wax off your car .
 I think I have tendonitis in my wrist now from buffing this crap . Shine is average , did n't do anything for the swirl marks , and took two hours to buff out ... that is not how wax should be , not worth the time . Spend a little more and get something that 'll give you better results with a quarter of the effort , like zaino .
 When I was in my early twenties I worked as a porter for a car dealership detailing cars . My boss encouraged me to try different products , and I found I liked 3M waxes the best . I was in the store the other day and needed some wax , but they did n't carry 3M products . So I saw this stuff for only a quarter of the price that I normally spend on 3M wax . So I decided to give it a try . This wax hardened up like it had been left in the sun and took me an hour and a half to buff out . I threw it away afterworlds and will go buy some 3M now . Turtle wax is the worst wax I have ever used . I would have been fired if I used this at the dealership .
 This stuff is available everywhere for cheap . It is very difficult to work with . Buffing it off creates a huge mess and a lot of effort is required . The shine it provides is pretty good but only lasts about a week at most . After that the water beading properties seem to go away . Spend your money on something from Mothers or Meguiars and you 'll be greeted with a longer lasting shine that is easier to work with .
 i found that this product was to hard to take off and dusty . there has to be something better .
 I love Mann products . They make some of the same products that you buy in Porsche , Mercedes and BMW-branded boxes . Unfortunately , I do n't think this is one of those . I carefully examined both the original BMW `` Micronair '' model that I removed and this Mann . There were definitely some physical differences , and perhaps it 's a bit thicker and wider . This resulted in a fit that was poor enough that the passenger side housing latch refused to stay closed and may have popped open again since I left it alone last night.I bought this too fast , falling into the Amazon Reviews `` pack mentality '' of everyone buying the same few popular products . Most of the time this strategy works fine for me , but this time , it bit me in the butt ! I 'm about to order aBosch C3640 Cabin Filter for select BMW modelshere on Amazon , which I 'm about 99 % sure is what I used in my last BMW , a 2002 E46 325i sedan . In that car , it TRULY fit perfectly , so I expect that they make the `` Micronair '' OEM product sold in the BMW box for $ 50 +
 Although it says it fits to both my vehicles , it does NOT fit at all . I kept them in their boxes couple of months until I was ready to install . But I missed the return window and expired . I would not recommend this filter to anybody .
 The company said they had two items in stock ... understandable since they had two packages with the part number on each . The company deals in overstock , closeouts , going out of businesses , etc. , so it is also understandable that they have mismarked packages .1 st package had all the right paperwork , but wrong connectors .2 nd package had different edition of right paperwork , but different wrong connectors.Since they had no more packages with the right part number , they refunded my money.Good company , but know that you are dealing with an autoparts yard sale .
 This `` cargo organizer '' would barely be worth the money if it did come assembled ... the fact that it does n't and the directions to do so are iffy at best , makes this item impossible to recommend . I do n't know how long it will last , but I am not optimistic ... spend your hard earned money elsewhere !
 Just opened package -- one lousy piece of brown paper inside to `` protect '' contents . Bottle cap was not screwed on tight , product leaked out and I have less than half a bottle . I ca n't imagine who passed this through the packaging inspection . For 11.50 I would hope for at least the 16 oz . as the bottle states . Would like a replacement or refund .
 Have used many Mann filters w/no problems , however , this one was not an exact fit . The rubber side gaskets -LRB- vs. a fleece material on previous filters -RRB- caused the two filters -LRB- which are installed side by side -RRB- to bind on insertion . I had to remove the rubber foam gasket from one filter in order to fit . This removal compromised the structure of the filter resulting in much cursing and use of tape . Mann is always good about including instructions , however , the sheet for this product referred to the E series - not sure if there is a problem here . Recommend you look for filters with the `` fleece '' -LRB- looks like the non hook side of velcro -RRB- to ensure proper fit in this application.All in all will continue to buy other filters @ Amazon as they offer good value for money and prompt shipping .
 Product very cheaply made . No comparison to other brands . The filter has no structure , unlike other filters , which allows it to collapse upoon installation .
 Boaters World does not remove items from their inventory that they do not carry in stock . Instead they keep you holding while they try to get the merchandise from the manufacturer . I would have preferred to have been told they do not carry the product . After a lengthy wait they advise that the product is no longer manufacturered .
 I bought 30 of these for a bus trip for a ladies club and they arrived all black . I would never do this again cause I only received one color - black and they are not like the pictures at all . I could have ordered all black ones on eBay for a cheaper price . A little disappointing cause as you can see the picture has an assortment of colors and I was going to color code the holders to different sections on the bus along with gift bags and it messed up my plan . This was very disappointing and would have returned them but did n't want to lose my shipping cost which was almost as high as the items . Will not recommend this seller .
 Please please ... only buy this if you have cups/bottles 16oz or smaller ... because that 's the only size cups/bottles that can fit . A can of soda can fit easy in there but if you got a Powerade bottle or something of that size . . it wo n't work out too well .
 Always pops off the door when I shut it , now I just have it in the back of the car holding a scented gel .
 I installed these into my 1998 Durango 's rear hatch . They fit just fine . The problem I have is that when you pull on the hatch it flies open really fast until it gets just below where it needs to stop , then stops . It 's actually dangerous . I wo n't let the kids open it anymore . They did n't do this until they were in the truck a month and too late for a return . BEWARE !! Update 10/9/2010
 the dash mat was the wrong one . i sent it back over a week ago and there has been no refund or replacement yet . not even an email .
 had put this in for like 10 mos . on my 2006 crv and it plummeted my gas consumption to an avg of 17 mpg.the oem filter atleast was giving me 20 . didnt notice any upgrade in driving performance especially on hard throttle.will not buy anymore kn filters as i think it is overhyped especially for honda engines like the crv .
 I put this filter in my 2006 Trailblazer . The next day my check engine light came on because the filter had way too much oil on it and it got all over the sensor . My mechanic cleaned the sensor and everything worked fine for 400 miles . 2 Days ago the light came back on , my engine idles rough and loud , and my car jerks when I ease my foot off of the break . Back to the mechanic my truck goes . BE CAREFUL !
 This does nothing the paper filter does n't do . Its not like you are going to beat Don Garlitts after putting a tacticool filter on your truck .
 I do n't know whose job it is to post specs of these devices but this product was clearly declared as an International Version for 230VAC operation . I ordered one and had ahipped halfway around the world only to find out that it was hardwired for 50Hz operation only , and clearly incompatible with our 60Hz supply.I wrote TrippIte to clarify and they did declare that they designed it for the more popular implementation of 230VAC/50Hz rather than for both 50 and 60Hz . Fortunately , Amazon allowed the item to be returned even beyond the 30-day return period with a full refund after listening to my explanation.I give both Amazon and TrippLite for handling the situation well , I give 1 star to whoever wrote the specs for the product page .
 The product is well built . The mirror part is very largethe telescoping handle is very short almost making thistool unusable . Another thing to note is that the mirrordosent have 360 degree movement , only up and down.After buying this product i wish i had boughtone with a longer handle
 this only includes the large size , not the other two sizes shown.It is expensive for only 1 tool
 Caution ... Desription states will fit 3 '' , 3 1/2 '' & 4 '' tubes . Not so , only fits 3 '' .
 The ramps were delivered by Fed-ex . They were not in a box and the plastic Wrap was ripped , I could see the damaged hinges through the clear plastic wrapping . The wrap was torn and ripped , three of the hinges were broken . I called Fed-ex and they said they do not take damage claims for this company because of an agreement.Called Amazon and they said that UPS would come and get the damaged goods . UPS DID come but refused to take them because the ramps were NOT IN A BOX . I told them the ramps came in the plastic wrap and there was no box . UPS said they only pick up items that are boxed . I said that does not seem fair because I do not have a box for these 6 foot ramps . So now I have to try and find a way to box these so I can return them !! This is turning into a real hassel ! Hope I can get it resolved!I HAVE TAKEN PICTURES OF THE CONDITION OF THE PACKAGE AND OF THE DAMAGED HINGES!NOW I AM BACK ON THE PHONE WITH AMAZON . WHAT THEY NEED TO DO IS HAVE FED-EX COME GET THESE RAMPS , AFTER ALL , THEY WERE THE SHIPPER WHO DAMAGED THEM AND ACCEPTED THEM UN-BOXED !
 when it works this gives a great lite however , it does not hold a charge like the instructionssaid it would it is only good for a few minutes.dk
 Ad shows quantity of 60 ea . For $ 19.00 + shipping . Verified with company . $ 19.00 only gets you 20 ea .
 I gave this item two star . I purchased these for my boyfriend for Christmas . He went to put the mats in his truck and they seemed too small and did not fit properly at all . The part of the tray that was supposed to reach the side of the running board -LRB- where the door closes ... -RRB- did not even reach the door.So wondering if I got the correct part or not , we called WeatherTech directly . A very nice woman at WeatherTech said that the part number given to us through Amazon was for a Ford Explorer - not for an F350 , his truck , like I had thought I ordered through Amazon 's &#34; right fit &#34; easy guided , form check.Needless to say I was extremely disappointed . I 'm an amazon fan in most cases - but not this time ! I 'm sure it fits a Ford explorer though ...
 The Weather tech products are the best but the thing to do is to order it from weather Tech themself . Becasue this item does not fit what it said it should fit . Do not buy it if you have any f series truck with the four wheel drive shifter on the floor go the weather tech and you will save yourself time and grief
 they need to list product size on the page so you can measure your bike and get the right size . listing the size of the box is useless .
 While the material , weight , and elasticity are great , it 's my opinion that the cover is a bit short . I have a Triumph Speedmaster and it just barely fits over the back lights and only half way down over the front tire . While this is sufficient , it certainly does not fit as pictured . The quality , as previously mentioned , is quite nice although you should let the bike cool before placing the cover over the pipes . *** UPDATE *** After a couple of months using this , it has developed a rip where the handlebar grip touches the cover . I have noticed that the material is becoming more and more brittle . An unfortunate development . I do not keep my bike in a garage so this cover is exposed to cold , heat , rain , wind ... You name it . Anyway , I have to lower my orginal rating of 3 down to a 1 . The product just has n't stood up against the elements and it has only been a few months . *** UPDATE PT2 *** This motorcycle cover has torn at nearly all stress points . If it has n't actually torn , it 's worn down to just a few threads wherever the cover comes into contact with any non-rounded edges . The ONLY situation where I might recommend this cover it would be for use in an eclosed space like a garage , in order to keep the dust off it . If you use it outdoors , you 'll get a couple of decent months out of it before it begins to fall apart.Bottom line , I absolutely DO NOT recommend this product for outdoor use !
 If you think you are getting a auto meter gauge your wrong.It 's a Autogage and you will not get a refund.Cancelled Amazon credit card
 This is a crappy product if you use the boat in salt water . The spring inside rusted out in a week . It was a complete waste of money . It might be OK for fresh water .
 UPDATE 2/05/12 - Amazon is allowing me to return all six reels I bought with them paying postage , even though I bought them nearly a year ago . I have no need for spools of fake copper wire made out of 95 % aluminum.UPDATE 2/03/12 - just today I became aware of the review by Kyle A. Stein , to see it click on the reviews of the black color of this same wire , BC4B-100 . He reports that it only has a trace of copper and it 's mostly aluminum . I will be contacting Amazon about possible fraud . ________________________________________________ now back to original review from early 2011 : I just took delivery on a spool of this in black and a spool of it in red , and I 'll describe it here ... but first , I 'd like to ask anyone out there if this is really copper wire.IS IT?Amazon is a nice buying experience usually , but in some cases - like this - there is no way to get a quick answer to a question , I do n't know if I should return it or not.The wire is silvery-color instead of copper-color . Now this could be because it 's plated in silver or tin , which would be ok , or it could be that it 's steel wire , which would not be OK . Wish me luck in figuring that out . The description claims it to be copper wire , but it is not copper color.It is also not what one usually thinks of as battery cable , which is that fairly-rigid stuff that battery cables are made out of . This has much finer strands , and to my eye looks a lot narrower in the total strands than 4 gauge battery cable.It is limp as a noodle , also unlike normal battery cable , and I assume it is more for installing stereo systems than being used as robust battery cable.Any recommendations out there for how I can tell ? I think I 'll probably be returning it , because it simply is n't regular battery cable wire . But I might keep it IF it turns out to be copper wire .
 crap crap crap crap crap ... Buy better wire ... this stuff is crap . I have a roll of it for sale !!! : - - and I went out and bought MONSTER wire ... as I should have from the start .
 This alternator is `` Remanufactured , '' which I put in the category of Refurbished . I see no warranty info on the product page , so I would guess it is minimal.The product may be great , but its presentation on Amazon on 12 Mar 2012 rates a single star .
 I went ahead and spent the extra money for a nice tire guage to use on my vehicles . I 'm sure this guage is accurate , but it is a real pain in the rear to use . Hit the button to turn it on and it takes about 3 seconds before you can place it on the stem to check the pressure . The reading appears and stays on for way more than long enough to see it . If you have to let some air out of the tire , you will have to shut the thing off and restart it and go through the whole startup process . I guess it is comparable to starting up your computer and waiting for all the startup programs to do their thing before you can get on the net . Mine will be on eBay soon .
 The gauge is very hard to get a reading from presta valve road bike tires , and even when I can get some sort of reading -LRB- it 's usually wrong -RRB- I lose a ton of pressure just trying to get the gauge off of the stem . Trying to read lower pressures -LRB- around 40psi -RRB- the gauge did seem to work ok . At the full 110-120 psi it has never worked for me .
 This gizmo could make you nuts . There is a mechanism that retracts for presta valves , the only problem is it does n't retract smoothly so you end up letting out a lot of air before it is in the correct position . I have a gauge that cost half the price that I like much better for low pressure . A real disappointment for high pressure -LRB- 80 to 125 -RRB- psi pressure checking , however , the accuracy is very very good once you handle it correctly . If you want one gauge for all applications , I guess this one could be for you but it is tricky . Another draw back is that the on-off button is placed in exactly the spot you grip the gauge .
 Although it may be fine with schrader valves , this gauge is almost impossible to use with presta valves . In fact , I have yet to get an accurate reading . What an overpriced piece of junk
 I thought I 'd get a digital meter to use on my bike and motorcycle and this one was pretty affordable . I tried it out last night and it is unbelievable horrible . Getting it on an off a presta valve is a challenge and results in lots of air loss . -LRB- On a schraeder , it works much easier . -RRB- When checking multiple tires , you need to turn off the device and restart it . There is no simple `` reset '' button . The placement of the buttons makes it very easy to accidentally turn it off when you 're trying to take a reading . This thing is being immediately returned .
 This is a cheap , made-to-fail tire pressure gauge dressed up in a fancy shell , but the flashy marketing does n't change the fact that this thing is crap.I have observed identical behavior to RaiderSixx . You can take another reading , but it will only change the if the pressure has * INCREASED * which is pretty much useless.I used mine for about a year and three months -LRB- just outside the warranty period -RRB- before it failed altogether -LRB- it now permanently reads a unit-less `` 77 '' -RRB- . Absolute junk . I ca n't believe what is being charged given that a $ 10 digital tire pressure gauge from O'Reilly Auto is likely just as -LRB- if not more -RRB- durable with a better user experience .
 The first problem with this gauge is that the one I received would only register 0.0 lbs on schrader valves , I did n't try it on presta valves . The second problem is that the ON button would constantly be ON if you tossed it in a bag or pack . It 's not protected by a bezel and switches on with the slightest pressure . And finally , it comes in the type of tough plastic packaging - with rivets no less - that you need sharp implements and brute force to get into .
 This is a piece of junk.The item feels cheap and the buttons that turn it off and change the units are right where your fingers want to be . You have to yank with all your might to get it off a presta valve , resulting in your fingers ramming into a cog , or at least some spokes , at high speed . Along with the blood from your knuckles , this device also releases a good deal of air upon reading . Sometimes it works easily , sometimes no matter how you angle it you ca n't get a reading . While I 've had better luck getting repeatable readings by using a schrader adapter on my presta valves , that only counts if you average the times that it gives a value , and exclude the times when it refuses to work at all.I bought this at a local bike store that I was trying to trust , and this is what they handed me . I figured I would end up with whatever the boys at the shop use , something good ; wrong . I wish I could return this as it is a piece of junk.My suggestion
 I 've owned this gauge for about 2 years now . I found the on/off and measurement scale buttons inconveniently located where I naturally want to place my fingers . A poorly thought out design , and no quick reset button for multiple readings , which means turning it off and on to take a second reading . Which takes about 3-4 seconds -LRB- probably to recalibrate and zero properly -RRB- not a lot of time , but checking more than one tire or bike can make it a noticeable inconvenience.As for use on presta valves , it is a challenge . I found lubricating the rubber gasket with a touch of silicone -LRB- or spit -RRB- helps a lot . Special care required in all cases despite the help of a lubricant.Mine came apart at the nozzle today -LRB- maybe from the silicone , but I doubt it -RRB- and whatever internal gizmo that adjusts for schrader or presta valves disappeared rendering it useless for me.I found mine to be very accurate , but any tool that requires the user to adjust to it rather than being built to be used naturally does n't deserve more than 2 stars .
 Bought this at the local shop on the recommendation of 2 people there . The first one I had to bring back because it did nothing , they exchanged it and against my better judgment after reading all the bad amazon reviews , I stuck with it . I was quickly disappointed in its performance but waited too long to return it so I am stuck with it . I have a VERY hard time hooking this gauge up to a presta valve without dumping loads of air from the tire . I have resorted at times to using a shraeder adapter which this gauge works more easily with , but is obviously very inconvenient and ridiculous to need to do . If I ever can get this thing to work without dumping half the pressure THEN the stupid slow response/startup time , and need to reset for a second reading are absolutely infuriating . DO NOT BUY THIS GAUGE!If you still think it looks good insist to try it at the store or make sure you can return it if you are with the majority that regret buying this .
 Not worth the purchase . Stick with your floor or hand pump . Bought to use on a mountain bike . Overkill .
 This IS the worst item I have purchased in years1 - It gave 1 reading in 20 attempts ... 15.5 psi when the actual was 120psi2 - It deflated all tires < 30psiThis item demonstrates a need for an IMMEDIATE embargo on Taiwanesse importsAnyone who purchases this gauge is a FOOL . . & should have his credit card privileges suspended pending a competency evaluation
 Dual garage laser parking system is not sensitive enough and does not remain on long enough . It will go off before your car is in position . Also after it goes off more movement with the car will not reactivate it .
 A great idea but the lasers are not bright enough for daytime use . Lasers are flimsy and have a very limited range of motion for aiming .
 It should n't have been much of a challenge to engineer enough spread of the two LED 's to fuction with two cars side by side in the garage . Maybe if I had a 20 ' ceiling it would work , assuming the LED 's were bright enough . I have n't tried turning the unit 90 degrees yet , but that seems like a probable solution . If I had read the reivews I probably would n't have bought it . Besides , my wife does n't pay any attention to it anyway . I think I can attach a taser to it though .
 The title almost says it all . I ordered quantity 2 of the `` dual garage laser parking system '' . They arrived within a few days which was great . I plugged them in to test and they seemed to work fine . I proceeded to attach them to my ceiling and the 2nd beam on both units quit working within the first hour of usage . Simply put - this product is a great idea and represents shoddy workmanship at its worst .
 Something so simple really screws this item . Unless you have an abnormally high ceilings in your garage which most people do not , you will not be able to point -LRB- aim -RRB- the 2 lasers at your cars because they will not spread wide enough . A ridiculous flaw . I had to use a sharp blade to cut the plastic `` rim '' that restricts the motion of each arm . Tricky b/c of you are cutting plastic in a small awkward area . Yes , I cut my finger . You `` ll know what I mean when you see it . Good luck.Other than this , once you can use it , it works great .
 I purchased this item to keep me from hitting the front end of the car , but it does not work well at all in any type of light . At night , it works good still not great but at least you can get parked . The beam needs to be stronger and larger . One side turns off prior to the other side.I would not reccommend this item .
 Out of the package , the unit appeared very cheap . Very little adjustment for the laser arms , particularly for my 2-car garage . The wires connecting the lasers to the circuit board fell off and one laser did n't work . Not worth the cost of shipping it back to Amazon . From the package to the trash can - what a deal !!! I could have spent the purchase price on a tennis ball and a string and it would have been more substantial !
 The laser stopped working a few minutes after it was installed . The first laser became very dim right away and the other did the same after several minutes . Do n't waste your money or time . I requested an RMA the same day I received it . .
 Over the past year I 've bought two of the Sierra Tools 2-Car Laser Parking Systems , the first -LRB- purchased a year ago -RRB- has been working perfectly since I installed it , though I first had to repair a broken solder joint in the transformer power supply . After the unit arrived , it died completely before I could get it installed . Because it would cost a bundle of time and hassle to send it back , I decided to try and fix it . I quickly narrowed the problem down to a dead transformer power supply , which when hacksawed open , was found to have a broken solder connection to the diode circuit board . I resoldered the wire , glued the unit back together , and it 's been working perfectly over the past year with two very bright lasers that make parking a breeze for both of our cars . The motion sensor also works perfectly in that the laser is always on when we pull a car into position and stays on long enough to fine adjust our parking position . Our unit is plugged directly into the 120v supply so we left the battery out ... its not needed , as when the power goes out , the garage-door opener does n't work either.Based on this good performance , I decided a few weeks ago to buy a second unit for the two car garage at our ranch house . After quickly checking that the unit was functional , I started to install it and found that I could n't see the lasers on the garage floor to adjust them . Further checking indicated that both lasers were generating only a very weak light , perhaps 100x less than my good unit at home . As before , I tore this unit apart to see if it could be easily repaired . What I found was very sloppy workmanship with very poor solder joints on the main circuit board , and both laser diodes in the unit were defective with no repair possible . This dim output on the lasers duplicates the issue noted by some of the other reviewers.Bottom Line
 This was a defective product from the first day . When I first turned it on , everything worked great . Less than ten minutes later , it was useless . One of the laser would n't turn on and then it began to turn on intermittently . The other laser was really bright at first and then was so dim I could n't see it on my car anymore . I tried using both the battery and I tried plugging it in . Both power options produced the same result . It seems like a great concept , but this is a horrible , cheaply built product . Spend a little more money and get a product that works for more than ten minutes .
 This unit is a two-car unit but , when placed above and in front of the dashboard area of the cars , the laser lights do n't pivot far enough to reach the center dashboard area of both cars . This comprises the ability to see the laser beam easily . Otherwise , it works as stated .
 One side of the lazer pointer failed in the first use/setup . I took it down and threw it away!Maybe I got a unit that was bad -- well that 's why I threw it away .
 Dont waste your money on this . It definately will not work for two cars . The lasers do not have a large enough pointing radius . Also , it is sporatic at best sensing movement in such a large area and turning on . Waste of money .
 The motion detector does not sense garage door opening or car moving in . I have to wave my hands right underneath the detector to turn the lasers on . This particular unit is useless .
 I ordered this item and when it was installed the motion detector will not work . If I tap it the lights comes on and then shut off as usual , but can not get the motion to work standing on the floor of the garage . Maybe my unit has a defect .
 absolutely the worst thing i ever bought it is not bright enough to even see terrible product do not buy
 Arrived almost dead on arrival worked three times during installation test and then died very light weight and cheaply built of light plastic
 This item was returned . It was not as expected when I opened the package . I will look for another style .
 I have these plugged in to the ceiling outlet and they are too dim to see during the daylight . Not Recommended .
 Thing stopped working in 2 months !! Amazon return window is only 1 month now - a waste of time and money . Stay away !!!
 This is truly a piece of < expletive > . The other reviewers could not have possibly been accurate ... well they were . I got this , broke a clip off the back panel when installing the battery , screwed it into the ceiling of my garage and plugged it in and ... . and ... . and ... . is it on ? After fiddling with it for a while I realized that only 1 laser was actually working and the other was so dim that it may have been off . I was planning to set this up so that one laser pointed a bit further into the car and the 2nd laser would be the parking laser . This would give my wife -LRB- who drives like she 's on the track -RRB- the ability to whip into the garage see the first laser and have time to stop on the 2nd laser . In the end , we are using 1 laser since the other does n't work , It is so dim that you really have to look carefully for the `` dot '' or you may end up plowing into the front of the garage -LRB- and my garage is rather dimly lit -RRB- . ADVICE
 I would not recommend this product . One side quit working after one week and the whole thing quit after two weeks .
 I was n't impressed with the overall results . The cord was to short and the laser was n't bright enough to see in the car . I was very suprised being that I purchased a similar product from a different company and it works great .
 Before installing I plugged it in to test and noticed that 1 laser was dimmer than the other . To see how effective it would be I temporarily installed it using tape . Even the brighter beam was barely visible on the dash and it was a cloudy day.BTW , the review web page thinks this is a toy and asks the following : How much fun is this toy?How would you rate this toy 's educational value?How durable is this toy?How do you rate this toy overall?I think they have it right . The product is a toy with no useful purpose . I returned it .
 I HAVE BEEN REMODELING A NEW HOUSE FOR 2 MONTHS AND WAS LOOKING FORWARD TO USING THIS LASER PARKING SYSTEM IN MY NEW GARAGE . I HAD 2 INDIVIDUAL ONES IN MY OLD HOUSE AND LOVED THEM.LONG STORY SHORT , THE LASER IS SO WEAK , IT DOES N'T MAKE A MARK ON THE CAR THAT IS USEABLE .
 This is my second time buying this item.It worked for the first five minutes then it turned off.I would not wast my money.Look for a different brand.I do not even know if I can return it or even how to return it and get my money back .
 Products ` works ' but poorly . Lasers are very dim even with garage lights completely off.The method behind this device seemed well enough , but practical use was inefficient at best.Maybe its because the laser is so dim , but I found myself moving and moving and adjusting the car to get the laser where I set it on the car . I thought I might follow the laser up the hood and to the spot I set it , but not so much . You simply can not see it and once I did , I had to adjust and readjust to get it on target.Just a waste and I 'll now go to using the wheel stops on the floor as I dont want balls hanging from the ceiling.And to comment on what others have said about adjustability . The lasers do have limited adjustability . I barely got them adjusted to most inward sides of the cars .
 Out of the box one laser was about 4x brighter then the other , bright enough to actually use . Since I was only using half my garage for parking at the time I ignored the useless side and continued to use the product . Within 10 days later that one bright one went as dim as the other , which made it impossible in anything other then a pitch black garage , to see -LRB- pointer hits the car about 6ft away from base -RRB- . Disappointed , could n't expect much I guess out of a 5 $ unit , but I was hoping to be one of the lucky ones it seems to work for . . There is no manufacturer warranty on it , and I 'm 3 days outside of my Amazon guarantee.If you want to gamble with this when it 's on sale give it a shot . Otherwise for 15-20 $ you can have a more reliable -LRB- per reviews -RRB- one .
 When I first plugged in the AC adapter for this product , I noticed that one of the two lasers was bright , while the other was fairly dim . I decided to try a 9V battery instead , but that made no difference . I figured I would try it anyway , and maybe I would still be able to use the dim laser for parking.The next problem is that there is not enough adjustment in the lasers to place the unit in the center of the garage and have it shine on each car . My garage is pretty short , so this may not be an issue for some people . But the only way I could get it to shine on a useful position on each car was to place the unit at the front of the garage on the wall . The problems with that are that there is no outlet there -LRB- a minor obstacle -RRB- and that the dim laser is useless from that distance and angle.I took a gamble with the wide spectrum of reviews on this product . I was hoping to be pleased by this , but unfortunately mine turned out to be effectively a 1-car parking system . This is the first product I can remember returning to Amazon in ten years of shopping .
 Had this for about a month.Strike 1 - The laser light is so dim and weak I could barely see it when there was the least amount of sunlight coming through the garage window . Kept trying to talk myself into the fact that I will make it work.Strike 2 - Thought I might be able to focus one of the beams so it would shine as a dot instead of a paper thin line but in doing so a wire broke which I resoldered and it resumed working.Strike 3 - Today out of the blue one beam quit working altogether . Took it apart and found another wire came unsoldered from the other beam from the factory . Tried to resolder it but it did n't work so I threw the whole thing in the next bucket to the county landfill.This thing looks like something a toy manufacturer outsourced to a 3rd world country , I mean the build is terribly cheap and light . You almost have to use your imagination as to where the light beams are because they are so weak it 's pathetic ! This is a great idea for a product and I would pay $ 50 - $ 100 bucks for one like it if a manufacturer would make one that is sturdier and much much brighter . Do n't waste your money on this .
 Great price -LRB- $ 12 -RRB- and very easy to set up . I had similar issues that others have mentioned . Beams have limited range when pointing to the sides of the garage . I have a high ceiling in the garage and this did n't bother me all that much , but the beams are at their limit . Combat this in two ways . First , you can turn the unit 90 * so the beams can point to the sides of the garage without being limited in range . You could also dremel the lip of plastic that limits the range of the beams . The other issue I had with this device is the motion sensor . It only stays on for 10 seconds at a time and does n't always pick up on motion right away . By the time I open the garage door and get the car inside , the beams shut off a little before I 'm completely at my mark . To solve this I unscrewed the four screws on the back of the casing and carefully removed the white globe that covers the motion sensor . It stays on much longer -LRB- into the minutes -RRB- and is much more sensitive to motion . I also plugged the unit into a lightbulb socket that is screwed into the garage door light . This way it can only be turned on when the garage door is activated and shuts off fully when the garage light cycle ends -LRB- usually a few minutes -RRB- . This really helps when you 're in the garage without the vehicles and prevents the laser from being activated with your every movement.EDIT : Overall I gave 1 out of 5 stars because I had to modify a few things to make it work -LRB- still not consistent -RRB- . I am actually very happy with the concept of this product , but the execution from this company is very poor . The motion sensor works sporadically at best . Some days it picks up on the slightest movements and other days you need to wave a hand inches from the motion sensor to activate the lasers . It works correctly less than 50 % of the time .
 I first bought the Maxsa version of this device -LRB- virtually identical to the Sierra , clearly the same manufacturer -RRB- . All was well at first , both lights nice and bright . But after only two weeks , one of the laser lights went dim . It still comes on , but not nearly bright enough to be of use . Since we liked the system during the short time it worked , we decided to roll the dice again , hoping for a better outcome with the Sierra version . Guess what , the EXACT same thing happened -LRB- one light on , but too dim to be of use -RRB- , but this time time it happened DURING THE INITIAL AIMING PROCESS ! So , I now have two of these things installed in my garage , each of them with only half of it working.This version has an additional problem , BTW -- it does n't come on until too late , and does n't stay on long enough . Do n't waste your money .
 Be careful if you have a wide garage . I mounted the unit in the center of my garage . I was n't able to spread the laser wide enough apart to accomodate two cars . I ended up breaking off one of the lasers in the process .
 Limited pivot range on lasers is a major drawback . Even when mounting the unit mid-point between both cars it was unable to reach both dashboards . And my vehicles are parked at a normal distance -LRB- if you fully open door of either vechicle there 's about 6-12 '' space to the other -RRB- . I had to return the unit .
 This product is in the lower price range of laser parking assist systems . You get what you pay for . It has an easy mount using three screws and a plate that the unit mounts onto . All three screws stripped when screwing them into a wood stud in my garage . Had to use my own wood screws . The two lasers have a very limited range of motion . I was unable to point either of them exactly where I wanted . I had to mount the unit so that one of the lasers would aim exacty where I wanted , and then for my other car I had to make the best of where it would point . Sideways motion is very limited . The sensor turns off to quickly when the cars are close to the unit . If I was to purchase again I would consider one of the other laser systems .
 When ordering , you can click on a link to confirm these fit your vehicle , and I did that . I have a 2004 Jeep Liberty and yes , they technically fit - you can hand tighten them on the stud , but when you try to tighten them with the lug wrench that comes with the Liberty , they do not fit the head of the lug wrench . The lug wrench fits the other lug nuts that are on the vehicle , just not these . So , I 'd question that this is really an OEM part for a 2004 Liberty . In addition , they were not a perfect match as far as appearance , but I was going to use them any way , would n't have been that noticeable until I ran into the lug wrench issue . I 'm not about to get into carrying two lug wrenches - I 'll go to the Jeep dealer and pay their rip off prices . Oh , did I mention the two day order promise took four days ?
 Not the lug wrench that came with my 2004 Wrangler . Sizing chart said it would fit , and it did , but cant use the lug nut wrench . So I put them on the spare and will take them off with a pair of pliers I carry . Why didnt I return them ? Not worth the hassle for $ 10 .
 I purchased these lug nuts for my truck in the fall of 2010 . After one winter -LRB- wisconsin here -RRB- 8 of the twenty lug nuts show pitting and rust coming thru the chrome . I had hoped to get a few years of service without pitting and rust , and sadly this was not the case . This is why i rate them at 2 stars .
 Blows air ok but it is very noisy . I would not recommend it . I should have gotten the OE Replacement .
 Purchased two rotors that were labeled as motorcraft assuming they would have been made in the USA but they were made in China . One off them installed with no problems but the other one was made wrong and it rubbed on part of the spindle casting .
 I used it three times and it would not start . You have to call Tecumseh for the warranty . I was told to take it into an authorized Tecumseh service center . I did and it was the carburator . The service center said they were not sure if Tecumseh would pay for the repair even though it was still under warranty . What ?? / The service center called Tecumseh several times and they said they 'd talk to someone and get back to them . They never did . I called and talked to their customer service people twice . No toll free number either . They had to get repair ok 'd by a service manager . They never called . I called the service manager and of course had to leave a message . I left five of them over a three week period . He never called back . They never called the service center back either . If they had any intention of honoring their warranty , they 'd have called back . So I ended up paying for -LSB- an expensive -RSB- dollar repair . The service center soaked that carb in cleaner overnight and it still would n't work . So they assumed it was a defective carburator . When it does run , it performs very well . But this motor is the loudest of any portable generator I have ever heard . I 'm glad I do n't have any close neighbors .
 I am reviewing this item as a safety precaution due to the statements given me by the mechanic who installed these on my truck.I decided to measure for myself these nust just to make sure instead of just taking the word of the mechanic.The cone is of the right degree bevel but the diameter of the outside of the cone is smaller making it insert further into the hole around the threaded bolt.The bottom line is these McGard Lug nuts do not fit appropriately in place of the OEM lug nuts taken off . / _ \ -LRB- diameter of McGard nut -RRB- vs / __ \ -LRB- diameter of OEM and Dorman nut -RRB- . This limited illustration shows the same bevel degree of cone -LRB- 60 degree -RRB- but a wider diameter of the cone itself from top to bottom -LRB- difficult to illustrate just using keyboard characters -RRB- . I am not endorsing either brand but wanted to bring attention to a possible safety issue with using the wrong lug nut on your vehicle.This is the only reason I am rating this item so low ; poor fit for application as determined by AMAZON selection tool for 2007 Ram 1500 SLT 4 door truck.The McGard 64008 Lug Nuts DO LOOK GOOD but `` DO NOT FIT '' my truck appropriately.I purchased the below McGard 64008 Lug nuts from Amazon for my 2007 Dodge Ram 1500 SLT 4 Door Truck . Based on the Amazon vehicle selection tool this was the correct lug nut for this vehicle.After installing these lug nuts -LRB- by an auto service garage with a torque wrench setting of 135 ft-lbs -RRB- I was informed these nuts do not fit appropriately on the 2007 Dodge Ram 1500 SLT 4 Door Truck and would be a safety problem because of the cone `` bottoming out '' against the interior wheel and becoming loose after travel . Original lug nuts had to be replaced due to actual OEM on truck were `` swollen '' after a few ` removals and installs ' of the nuts and could not be re-installed after mounting new tires ; common problem with the OEM nuts.I immediately purchased the Dorman 611-204 , which is listed as a direct replacement for the OEM 6036433AA , with the same cone degree of bevel and size and these do fit appropriately . I had to purchase these separately and immediately due to safety concerns . Note
 I ordered this product with the notion as it is advertised as ` bulk qantity of 24 items ' . However , when it shipped to my house I only received one quantity . What is up with that?I gave it a 1 for deceiving the quantity .
 So I ordered two of these , one for each side of the cargo area in my Forester . First of all , one of them came without the netting , and unless you want to screw holes into your interior , this is not going to work for you . It does come with sticky backing , but does not stay stuck on plastic material . Will be returning
 I purchased this net to use in my hatchback . The previous Highland net I had purchased -LRB- 90512 product -RRB- was just too big to use in my little car . For some reason I thought a pocket meant the net was actually a pocket or hammock style similar to the other net . This product is just a flat net and not wide enough to form an independent pocket or hammock . The `` pocket ' is between the net and whatever surface you fasten it against . It is working , sort of . I am using it on hooks integrated in my hatch compartment to hold empty shopping bags . It is barely adequate for this task . I had to extend the bottom edge slightly with miniature bungees to fit . I did not use the provided fasteners . They are not hooks , but round flanges you fit the corner shock cord loops around into a groove . On your car they would be less obtrusive than a hook fitting , but not useful to use with anything else . I think I would rather deface my car or truck with something I could use for multiple purposes . Also , the fastening screws provided with the flanges are large wood screws . This is probably not the right screw for sheet metal -LRB- ?? -RRB- . You can also just stick the plastic flanges on with the provided adhesive . No idea how strong they would stick , it looks like just standard two sided mounting foam . Not really an all weather sort of fastener IMO.The shock cord along the perimeter of this net is weak and thin . The long edge has thicker shock cord and the short edge with the nylon binding has thinner shock cord . This product is clearly optimized for maximum cost reduction in manufacture . The net itself is not that strong . I can not imagine using it in an outdoor location as pictured . I do n't think it would last very long . My net is already sagging a bit from holding EMPTY plastic shopping bags inside a car trunk and it has only been a few weeks . I have a bath toy net and a stroller storage net that are years old and sturdier than this item ! I 'm actually using the old bath toy net on the other wall of the trunk and the strings of that net are at least twice the diameter of the string used for this product.I had visualized something much more sturdy as the illustration showed it in use on the side of pick up truck.If you buy this , just have appropriately low expectations . Right now I am either going to reinforce the shock cord along the perimeter with additional elastic shock cord from the fabric/hobby store or add 4 bungees along the edges . The net is weak , but usable with tweaking and modification .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Second set of magnaflow cats that we 've installed and the vehicle has failed emissions . They look good installed but are a waste of money . I now have 4 magnaflow cats sitting that are not useable in Colorado .
 I bought this it and I didnt do enough resreach on it . So it didnt fix my problems , but it still sound good .
 the filter was correct , but came in an openish box , so the gaskets -LRB- if included which they normally are -RRB- were not in there ... took me an additional couple hours to get the gaskets , plus gas , plus 5 bucks
 The net shown in the picture is not the item for sale . I received the item a few days ago and it was not what was expected . I ordered the net for the rear of my 2008 GMC Sierra and this net is very small an can only hold a few small items . Do not order if you expect to put more than two small bags of groceries in your trunk .
 The picture on the box and the picture they use to show what the cargo net looks like is not correct.This net WILL NOT HOLD GROCERIES like you see in the picture . It 's too narrow.My Groceries will stay in the net , but barley . I am dissapointed in this product .
 it looks nothing like in the picture ... . has no dividers it just one line of simple net that it ... it not worth it 15 dollars 5 maybe top
 As MANY reviews have already mentioned , the product that you will receive is NOT the item pictured . Instead of a net with pockets , I received a net without pockets that is used to press item against a bulkhead . This is more of a Amazon issue than a product issue but I feel like customers should be made aware of this problem .
 I had a problem with this item , the wires between the sensor end and the connector are shorter than the OEM item , so the connector will not reach the holder for it .
 This car charger failed to work at all . It was the correct device for my phone and in a brand new car with three different power source outlets , none of them fit this charger such that all the contacts were made ... I guess the 99cent price should have been a give away ... 1 star is one too many !
 This is not a true envelope style cargo net . You have to fold it to get the envelope style effect . The net is not very elastic , too wide and a little cheap . I am sure it will hold groceries but I doubt it will do to well .
 I was in the process of purchasing one of these hammock style nets . I discoverd after opening box 's and inspecting 3 of these -LRB- thinking they may have made a mistake according to product the company placed in box -RRB- that they are not `` hammock style '' at all . check out other reviews . people have found the same result over and over again . NOT AS ADVERTISED !
 I was looking for a net for my Chevrolet Impala similar to my wife 's factory net . This is n't it ! This net is 1/2 the web thickness , it 's too long for a car -LRB- better for a truck or suv -RRB- and it 's advertised depth of 12 '' is only when stretched out good . Relaxed it is 5 or 6 inches . The factory net is at least 12-14 '' un-stretched . In addition the ends of the factory net are sealed . This one is open for all your stuff to escape . It is so poor overall that I sent it back and will try something else . If you are looking to even closely mimic a factory $ 45 net do n't waist your time here ! In fact the $ 45 net is a much better value than this $ 17 net .
 Glue does not stick to the trunk sides , thus it can not be installed . I could screw it in , but I did not want to damage the panels . Wound up throwing it out . Wasted my money .
 I have a pt cruiser . This to tooo big to be used in the manner shown . I am going to have to make it work if I can . Big waste .
 The pictorial and descriptive information of this rear cargo net does define it 's fabrication method . I assumed it was a typical `` bag '' net i.e. , closed on 3 sides , open at the top . Not so ! It is a flat one piece fabricated net that you install folded , hence when folded you have a net that is open at each end and the top such that your contents could and can spill out of either end of the net . I would not recommend this item .
 Not enough elastic in it and the glue to hold the fastners did not work well .
 I purchased this item as a gift for my mom . She has a Subaru Legacy sedan . According to the description of the product , it fits `` most '' cars . Apparently a Subaru is not on that list . Very disappointing . I have still been unable to find a hammock style net for her car . The only ones available are for the side pockets . I 'll keep looking !
 in the automotive business remanufactured means brought back to factory new specifications . this carb had worn out throttle shafts . in fact the area around the throttle shafts and throttle plates still had residue from the air/fuel mixture from its previous installation . amazon was great in allowing me to return this product .
 I have only had this for a short time and I took it off during the winter months . The paint faded in a few weeks and it split and cracked badly before a year was up .
 They look nice enough but the leather straps are paper thin , resembling construction paper . The concho 's looked like they were made from a beer can and although the bags were constructed a little better , the leather is stiff and brittle like cardboard . No way these bags would last more than a couple of months.Cost me about $ 25.00 in shipping both ways , but had to return this item immediately to try and salvage some of my money . Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 Banjo fitting did not fit into hard fuel line ; was off by at least 1 size.Looks like very poor Qual control.Last time i will buy a spectre part .
 This product ships with no installation instructions . You 'll probably tighten the banjo bolt down until the whole piece is somewhat stable . That 's where you will go wrong . Gas spews all over the place and those delicate little plastic washers are warped and wont seal anymore . Too bad they dont throw in another pair . So you postpone your project until Ace Hardware opens so you can buy some copper crush washers and try to salvage the 15 bucks you 're already in the hole ; and just to ensure you make progress on you spend some extra cash on a 5/8-20 hose barb connection in case you have to scrap everything and go back to the basics . It 's a shame , because the metal part is actually built better than I expected . I was really afraid it was chromed plastic . Count on this piece costing you another 9 bucks plus time and frustration and budget accordingly .
 Fram 's website INCORRECTLY -LRB- and inexplicably -RRB- lists this automatic transmission filter as being for 1986-1991 Mercedes W126 . THIS IS WRONG , but therefore , not Amazon 's fault . I simultaneously ordered another brand -LRB- Mann -RRB- and it is a totally different configuration . The Mann is a EU-made , full-flow filter with a large pleated paper element , three mounting lugs and no riser tube , and is shaped completely differently . Just to be positive , I finally got the vehicle -LRB- a 1987 300SDL -RRB- up on ramps , pulled the pan , and nope , there is no way at all that the FT1063 - or the included gasket - could possibly fit.If you are planning to buy this filter for its actual application -LRB- 1979-81 GM TH325 -RRB- , as for the Fram FT1063 itself , it 's a well-made filter - although I 'd call it more of a `` screen '' . The filter element is a single layer of fine plastic mesh which one can actually see through , and that 's it . But , that 's as good as it gets for the old Turbo-Hydro 's , which is why one needs to change the transmission fluid so often - it 's not filtered very well ! Of note also is the fact that the kit contains fairly detailed instructions - primarily to deal with the fact that this filter also does NOT fit some early production TH325s without modification - even ones listed as compatible . It also includes the riser tube O-ring in a separate envelope , AND a very high quality pan gasket , which according to Fram 's website , actually makes this a FT1063A kit . It seems as if unless one orders the FT1063A specifically , the kit may , or may not , include the necessary gasket !
 I ordered this item with 2 day prime shipping and should have received it yesterday . However estimated delivery is 4 days later so I 'm already unhappy.Amazon violated the terms of my purchase . I would not have ordered it through them and Hires Automotive if I knew I would n't receive the item for weekend use .
 Not shipped as shown on photo . No brackets to keep it in place . They want to sell you a floor mat that will roll up under your feet , blocking the pedals and cause you to wreck and die . This company sucks really bad .
 I purchased the stethoscope to be able to monitor the sound of a clock beat . The scope does allow you to hear the clock beat but not very well .
 Checked both the Fram filter catalog and Amazon before ordering the Fram FT1181 transmission filter kit for my 2005 4 cylinder Camry . Dropped the pan , removed the Toyota original equipment filter and tried to install the Fram filter . It does not fit . One of the bolt holes is about 2 inches from where it needs to be . Went to the Toyota dealer and bought a Toyota filter . Ca n't return the Fram filter to Amazon because the package is open . I do n't know how you would determine whether it fits without removing it from the plastic bag .
 WARNING ! I purchased this part for a 2005 Toyota Camry LE 4 cyl. , but it does not fit ! The item is specifically listed for the 2005 Camry . Comparing this filter to the one I removed from my vehicle , showed that they are dramatically different . I returned this item to Amazon , and subsequently purchased the correct part that fit , at a much higher price from my local Toyota dealer . Be warned my dealer informed me that there are 2 types of filters for the 2005 Camry . One is for the 4 speed automatic Trans. , and there is a filter specifically for the 5 speed OD Trans . that I have . This filter might work on the 4 speed auto . Trans . But it will not fit the 2005 Camry with the 5 speed OD Trans .
 The Milton S684 1/8th Npt tank valves are apparently very poorly manufactured products as these valves leak air and are therefore rendered useless for any practical purposes .
 I recently purchased this tool primarily for bleeding brakes . Despite repeated attempts and following the instructions explicitly , I was unable to develop a vacuum in the bleeder container . The pump by itself could attain a modest amount of vacuum with my finger held against the inlet opening , but the tool did not work as advertised . I returned the tool and am awaiting a refund . -LRB- And I bled the brakes without assistance using clear plastic tubing and a small container . -RRB-
 I ordered this product based on the webiste telling me it would fit my specific vehicle . Once I received the item , I found out it was the wrong item , its made for a single cab truck not the quad cab . Then I find out that the mounting brackets were sold seperatly and for an additional 70 plus dollars . I had ordered nerf bars in the past and it was a complete package , so this was irritating . Once I called customer service and asked them to send me the right item , they informed me that they could not do that . I would have to return the items , wait for them to receive them , refund me the money and then I would have to reorder the correct item . Aside from my total inconvienence , the website was still incorrect and telling me to order the wrong one . I have had good experiences with amazon products in the past but this one has caused me to look other places . I was offered a 30.00 credit for my troubles , which I still have not received .
 I bought this bulb as a replacement for the original driver 's side headlight bulb for my Honda Ridgeline . I installed the bulb in July 2010 , when my truck was 4 1/2 years old and had approximately 50,000 miles on it . Fast forward to now , the end of December 2010 , and the bulb has already burned out.Amazon had a great price on this bulb when I bought it , but considering that it only lasted 6 months , now it does n't seem to be such a great deal . I did not notice any difference in lighting quality with this bulb versus the OEM bulb that is still going strong on my passenger side headlight . I would not buy this bulb again , especially considering the premium cost that is normally charged over normal halogen bulbs .
 I replaced the headlights on my Honda Odyssey with Sylvania Xtravision bulbs . In less than 6 months , both bulbs have died . I now have replaced them with standard headlight lamps instead of the Xtravision headlight . There should a warranty on these bulbs ... Do n't waste your money and time on this product . The `` extra brightness '' is n't worth the aggravation .
 Do n't trust the fit application for this part ... now they want to charge me $ 5.55 to ship it back stating that it is n't their fault it does n't fit ... GOOD GRIEF !!!!!!!
 I didnt buy this product on amozon I was told buy a parts shop it works great if great means you will be worse off then you started then yeah it worked wonderfull , Not only did it not clean the grease spots it ate hole in my drive and left a even bigger brown stain across my drive way . . And me explaing to my landlord why his drive way is ruined . . I would not ever recomend this nore will I buy it again . .
 Product does not work ... even when the stains are soaked and allow to sit ... . then power sprayed after and then resoaked , scrubbed and sprayed again . very dissapointed and still have ugly stains in my driveway !
 after 3 bottles of this product on my driveway it did nothing even after 4 applications just cheap bottle of degreaser did a better job , would like to see proof of any kind this cleaner works on new or old oil spots
 I bought a bottle of this product at my local parts store hoping to remove a few oil stains from my driveway . I followed the instructions on the bottle exactly , and the only thing it did was clean the dirt stains from around the oil stains , which in effect highlights the oil stains now . Some of the stains are years old , so I was n't really expecting full removal of them . What really got me was that some of them were only a few days old , and the product did n't remove those either . I 'll be returning this product tomorrow , and will be exploring other options to remove the stains .
 I 'm bucking the trend of favorable reviews here.I do give it two stars because it does go on easy , smells decent , and has excellent cleaning capability . The towel came out more black than with other products , which I assume indicates it is removing a lot of oxidized black rubber/trim . Unfortunately , this product does NOT last . I covered all the rubber/plastic on my car -LRB- two thorough coats -RRB- , let it soak in/settle for a day , then washed it to get the overwipe/streaks of nearby body panels , etc. . The Meguiar 's # 40 washed completely off . It was left worse than before I used the product . The finish remaining was also very splotchy and looks bad . Even some interior parts that I applied # 40 to were mostly wiped clean after just wiping with a damp towel used to pick up accumulated dust/dirt . It remained splotchy where there were minor nicks scratches in the plastic/rubber where more # 40 had absorbed.Overall , I was very unsatisfied with the results . I 'm not going to say it is the worst product I have ever used , but others that I use are far and away better . These include 303 Aerospace Protectant which is a very mild , water-based product which also does n't last but is better than this Meguiars product and has almost no sheen.My previous staple and which I recommend most is actually Armor All Original . I purchased a Guru Reports analysis on these types of products several years ago and was surprised that this `` old '' product was one of the two best-in-category products -LRB- along with Zaino -RRB- among over 50 that were tested . Armor All Original -LRB- not other formulations -RRB- is very low sheen and also lasts several washes . It is also about 1/4 the price or less and available everywhere.I 'm going back to Armor All Original and recommend that you try it as it performs better than `` boutique '' products . I would also recommend that you use water-based products on permanent trim , rubber , etc. , as the solvent/petroleum-based ones have a tendency to degrade the rubber/plastic over time . These may be OK for replaceable items like tires or parts that are severely oxidized . You can generally tell the difference in that water-based products are milky color while the petroleum-based ones are clear . I do like Meguiar 's Hot Shine for severe problems , but not this product .
 If you do not want to put a part that is made in China into the most delicate part of your car , its transmission , do not buy this .
 This product is absolute Bunk . Do not buy it ! The covers do not clip on to the screw caps at all . The covers slip right off and are not made to the correct size for the screw caps . This product is absolutely worthless . Do not waste your money .
 Intercepts the MAF signal and makes the ECU think it needs to modify fuel flow . After a few minutes , the ECU figures it out , and restores correct settings . Save your money . At best , you just waste your money ; at worse , you can damage your vehicle .
 wow talk about junk ... not green ... what not green and the item said HID Xenon - Kryton H4 Green Headlight Bulbs ... more like yellow/white
 it just looks like normal yellow lights , complete waste of money . there is no green color no matter how hard i try to see green .
 Looks nice but would not fit my truck so it was a waste . So be very carefull when you order .
 Were not moist at all , and did not work effectively . Bottom line , a terrible product . Definitely do not purchase . The spray works effectively , but these wipes were near awful . I attempted to use on my winshield with basically no results . Wasted about $ 7 after shipping .
 The Product came without gasget , and their was no installation guide or any warranty card , even the warranty stated on the box of the motor .
 Picture shows 6 studs of equal length . I received only 4 studs - that were 2 different lengths . All I want to do is receive the correct product but , it is not an available option even though , I did nothing wrong in ordering . The only options are
 This brand of very poory made.It failed after 9 months.Just after the 6 month warranty ended.Stay away this brand!It has potmetal mount that attachs to the firewall.The cable rub though intershielding and the pedal is stiff .
 The Pertronix Ignitor 1847A does not come close to fitting my Bosch 231 153 009 distributor . I was thinking there may be something wrong with my part number , because the Pertonix number looks like their picture . I searchedand found a picture of my distributor on Hot Spark 's website with part numbers that match mine and a conversion kit that fits . -LRB- Its in the picture , fitting -RRB- As I said before , the Pertronix kit is n't even close.This brings up another Pertronix ignition kit I put in recently . Kit 1843 in a different model Bosch distributor was close , and after some modification , it worked . Someone at Pertronix ought to try their partsfor fit and function . By the way the installation instructions were wrong also .
 Complete waste of money . You would be far better off purchasing the components separately and making your own system . You end up needing different electrical connectors , plus the tubing that comes with the system is almost unusable . It 's impossible to straighten , and cracks in extreme cold . A rubber hose with your own fittings would be far better suited for running the hose to your tank . However , you still need to use some of the small tubing if you plan on using the Viair gauge/switch . Overall , I 'm really disappointed with this . For 100 bucks including shipping , I would expect more . I ended up spending about 50 dollars more just to make this adequate for what I needed . I will say , however , that the Viair gauge/switch is pretty decent quality and looks great once installed .
 Very disapointing , poor fittings , on off switch should be momentary , tubing unstraightenable , comes with pressure switch that ca n't even be used with a system unless an air tank is purchased -LRB- does n't need an air tank -RRB- , does not come with a pressure bleed down , wire furnished is actually good and long enough . If you are building an on board air system for air bags do n't waste your money on this kit , buy separate components of good quality and save some money . The way Viair advertises the kit you really do n't have a way of knowing what you are really getting .
 I used them in a very small room and only felt like they were providing me with delicious vanilla aroma for around 4 or 5 days . They are n't the most cost effective air fresheners I 've ever bought .
 Do ourself a favor and do n't buy this cheap China replacement fan blower . You are better off buying from another company that has the OEM part or close to it - this is a sort of - kinda fits but not really part . Comes with foam strips -LRB- to fill in the large gaps you 'll have -RRB- and a poor excuse of an electrical connector . Buying one with the squirrel cage will also save time and frustration and if you shop around will cost you the same - my mistake will hopefully help you .
 I love how the look on the sheet , and the size is good , my only problem is that once applied to my motorcycle , the `` clear '' boarder around the stripes is n't so clear . If I had known that it would stand out so much I would n't have purchased this decal at all .
 The dynamat does stick to everything it touches but that 's about it . I used it in my van that I use to travel with my family and it did nothing but ligthen my pocketbook . It was a lot of work with removing door panels and I even lined the floor with it also but to no avail . I WOULD HOLD ON TO YOUR MONEY AND USE IT ON SOMETHING ELSE
 I started with the speaker packs . I saw very little result . Then dynamat said , well you really need to do the whole door , so I did . $ 400 later , I still have as much road noise as before and I covered my entire door frame on all 4 doors.Don ' t buy in to the hype . I know it sounds good , but the people who got results are just idiots who believe everything the are told . `` Miller lite is good beer , is n't it Johnny ? See the pretty women on TV , you 'll get them too if you drink Miller Lite . '' `` Duh ... Yes ... lite beer is good . . ''
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 A picture shown is totally different . And Coilover is only front . I wanted all front & Rear Coilovers . Really disappointed .
 within a week or so it completely stopped working . I hold down the button and it shows a solid red , meaning high alcohol concentration , even though no one is blowing into it .
 I got this device to test myself before I drove after drinking , like every other paranoid driver . It worked like a charm for about a month of two , then it ceased to calibrate when turned on , and stayed on the red < .08 bac forever . So basically it became worthkess after a short while . But for fifteen bucks , what do you expect ?
 This tester seemed to work OK at first , but only lasted for about a week . Now it seems to have lost calibration and is basically useless . Save your money and buy a better unit !
 You really get what you pay for . This thing is hard to use , and I do n't trust its accuracy at all . I bought this to avoid getting a DUI . I wish I had spent more money to get something that I could rely on .
 Car cover not even close to fitting ! Probable cause is they did not show a club cab , 4 door option on the Chev . 2001 S-10 LE Model , which is the one we own .
 I liked this cover at first , but then it quickly started to fade so now it is green instead of brown . I would buy another one if the company guaranteed that it would not fade .
 So , I 've been looking for a leather scent to put in my closet with my leather jackets . I bought this in the hopes that it would do the trick ; NO WAY . These things smell NOTHING like leather . More like a mens cologne . I was ticked , I could n't believe they even would suggest that it smelt like leather ! So I threw it in my outside trash can . The thing is , that trash can smelled horrible , like kitty litter and other horrible outside trash can crap . The next day , after throwing this sucker in , it smelt , not too bad . I was pleased that is served a purpose , so I gave it 2 stars .
 My Yankee candle `` leather '' car freshener wore out -LRB- which incidentally smells exactly like leather -RRB- so I decided to give this one a try . It does n't smell bad it just does n't smell at all lime leather . Not even close actually . I gave it one star because the term leather inaccurately describes this product .
 Terrible ! It smells nothing like leather ... I was n't expecting something amazing but it really just smells like cheesy ax body spray or something !
 These floor mats simply did not hold up over time . They are made of light-duty rubber and can not withstand heavy use . They driver 's side mat curled up over time and constantly ended up uder the accelerator . Spend a few more $ $ and get heavier-duty rubber mats .
 This product did not fit 2013 Rubicon Jeep Spare Tire . I also found that the cover was poorly crafted and made of very thin vinyl . Overall , the product did not meet my expectations .
 Does not fit my CRV wheel very well , but I love the design . I would send it back but trying to make it work
 Does not fit anything over 28 inches , and to be safe , only try this if your tire is under 28 inches in diameter as the diameter of the flagged face is only 28 inches seam to seam . Do n't waste your time and money if your tire is larger than 28 inches . Started tearing badly at the seam when I gently tried to stretched it over my tire . When I picked up the box containing the cover it felt empty but the cover was inside-very very light weight material , extremely thin . If your tire is n't less than 28 inches , it will tear . Even if your tire is 28 inches or smaller , Do n't expect this to last repeated removal and replacement for checking your spare tire pressure . My spare tire is 265/70R16 measuring 30 inches in diameter , and this cover is so far from fitting , not even close to fitting , its just false advertising .
 This is a `` one size fits all '' type item , but it does n't fit `` all '' . Says it goes up to 31 '' tire size , but it does n't . We have an SUV with tires that fit within the stated size description , but it ripped at the expansion seam while we were attempting to shoehorn it on . Also , I was disappointed with the quality of the fabric . It is a cheaper feel and thickness than ADCO covers and ripped very easily while we were struggling with it . So bag this manufacturer 's products and stick with ADCO . Also , I bought it in Sept as Christmas present -LRB- I like to start early ! -RRB- , so now I will be screwed for getting any kind of a refund as its outside the 30 day limit .
 Highly anticipated a tire cover to fit my Tracker to make my patriotic statement known . However , when the box arrived , the condition of the packaging looked as if it had been run over by a train . We 'll never know if UPS or Amazon 's distributor is to blame , but someone certainly did n't show my purchase any respect . Secondly , once I opened the item , I noticed the interior cloth was dirty , as if it had been dropped in a dusty warehouse and stepped on . More distiburbing was the fact that the logo print was ` cut ' with a minor blemish , probably from the crushing at the warehouse ? As I wrapped my tire with the cover , the elasticity of the draw-string with the slide-lock was of poor quality as the lock could n't hold the position I set to wrap my tire tight . It kept slipping and I had to stuff it under the flaps to keep it secure . A great image on Amazon but the reality is that I guess I got what I paid for
 Just a bunch of scrap material . Most are too samll to use.The only use for it is packing material
 more like a bag of 2inch by 6 inch pieces of t shirt scrap . better off to go buy a 5 pack of fruit of the loom shirts at walmart .
 well , when i recieved this mi was inpressed , fit well looked good BUT its under a month old andf its ripping ... wow VERY dissapointed in comes in different designs DO NOT BUY ...
 Do n't expect any great quality with the cover . Its is a very thin skin they used for the cover and will split or rip at the seemesif you try to stretch it over the larger sized tires . . Barely fit over my 225/75/16 tires . . But for 20 . bucks and change its OK . .
 The description describes that it fits 27 '' -31 '' tires . Unfortunately , the 31 '' in innaccurate . I ordered for a spare tire for my truck ... tire exactly 31 '' across . There was no way of making the cover fit over my spare tire . Have returned due to this issue .
 The drums are warped from factory , rear brakes pulsate when braking , will have take them in to get then turned and tru .
 I was disappointed using this product . Did not see any improvement in my windshield or vision in fact it seemed to smear my windshield more .
 I LOVE THE ORIGINAL RAIN-X , I ALWAYS HAD GOOD RESULTS WITH IT THAT LAST A FAIR PERIOD OF TIME . THIS ADDITIVE STUFF DOES NOT REALLY WORK , IT 'S LIKE IT TRIES BUT IT IS SO FAR FROM PERFORMING . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY AND TIME AND STICK WITH THE ORIGINAL FORMULA .
 There must be a mistake . The price of this product was increased to $ 888.88 . I wonder if the Rain-X now includes a car to put it on .
 I have used the wipe on and it works but this addiditive does not work .
 I live near Seattle where it rains a lot . The original `` spray on -- rub dry '' version of Rain-X is a great product . It takes a few minutes to apply but the results are predictably good . In the rainy season here it will last for up to three weeks before you need to reapply . Based on the success I had with the original product , when I came across the `` additive-type '' of Rain-X , I figured it was worth a try . Unfortunately , it appears to be almost worthless.I added it to the wash reservoir of both my wife 's car and mine.I followed the instructions -LRB- always helpful advice -RRB- carefully and waited for the product to work . The idea is that as you apply the wash spray to your windshield , the product will be be dispersed onto the surface and begin to `` do its thing . '' In this case , though , that meant almost nothing . The effect was similar to how the original Rain-X would be performing three or four weeks after you applied it . Worse yet , a hazy cloudiness appeared all over the windshield immediately upon use . This haziness would slowly disappear with subsequent wiper cycles , but as the haziness disappeared so did any noticeable effects.I had ordered two containers but I now wish I 'd spent the money on the original formula instead .
 These decals look great when you first put them on the tire . I bought 3 and after a few months two have fallen off during normal driving . Possibly try super gluing these to your wheel ? I do n't feel like these are worth the $ 11 I paid .
 I bought two of these and both fell apart after being exposed to the elements after one season . I simply made my own using the same idea out of materials that would last , those are still holding up fine ! Skip this item , either make your own or buy another brand .
 This rv mat could possibly work good for some but my rv steps are 24 '' long and this was too small . Also the material is cheap and thin . It uses springs to attach underneath and those should work fine -LRB- I 've used those types before -RRB- . It 's very easy to instal . However I removed it and purchased a different brand that I really like that fits . Threw this one away .
 Looks good but signal light socket had the wrong cut on the socket fit , I had to modify the socket to fit the light , I would not purchase again . If I have to change the bulb I do not think it will come out without breaking it . I give this a grade F.
 Looks nothing like the photo or the description . Just a small bearing -LRB- available elsewhere at half the price -RRB- to go in the center of flywheel to accept the clutch shaft .
 This part does not fit , being returned . It would help customers if the parts stated the OEM # that they replace , otherwise it 's a guessing game whether they are correct or not . I 'm going to shop for parts at sites that do state - part # xxx replaces OEM part #xxx . This way I 'll be guaranteed the correct part instead of the expense and hassle of returning them . The reason for 2 stars is that this item was packed well and shipped fast . I ca n't say what the blower is like as it does n't fit .
 I bought this to replace a corroded OEM aluminum water neck on my 1991 F250 5.0 L. However , after installing it , I went to hook up the overflow tube , but the nipple on this water neck was too small . I ended up glass beading my OEM water neck and putting it back in . It looked decent , but was useless .
 We bought a new radiator from amazon.com -- a Spectra Premium CU2307 . Installed it , drove around the neighborhood , and everything seemed okay , so I drove it about 30 miles . Then , just as I was parking , a couple ounces of transmission fluid suddenly spilled out . The transmission dipstick was very hot!After leaving it parked for 3 hours we added transmission fluid back to the appropriate dipstick level before driving it again . At first it slipped badly in reverse but worked okay in all forward gears . After 2 or 3 more attempts reverse no longer worked at all , and it slipped in all gears.We discovered that the new Spectra Premium radiator 's transmission cooler passage was obstructed so that no transmission fluid was getting to the cooler . The pressure had forced the override vent normally intended to open only in freezing weather . Amazon sent us another radiator whose passage is n't blocked . But now my transmission needs to be rebuilt -- a $ 3,600.00 job!The response from Amazon customer service was disappointing . They sent me a free replacement radiator , but refused to consider compensating me for any part of the $ 3,600 damage caused by their defective product ! ; - -LRB-
 This thing reminds me of those rubber Jar openers the kind you hold in your hand . This is not a utility mat.Its a utility napkin at best .
 The fan motor is not the same as the one in the photo . Also the motor is rough when turned by fingers.Poor craftsmanship.I will be returning this item and hope to get a FULL refund .
 When i ordered from them , I ordered 8 valves and they said that they had them all in stock . They shipped one , and then a week later shipped another.Then I was stuck for 6 more . After about 3 weeks , I contacted them and asked them why the other 6 have n't shipped yet . They did n't even bother to let me know they were out of inventory and seems like they were n't even going to bother to let me know . After I spoke to them , the guy said that they were back in stock and they would ship the remaining 6 of them . Three days later I get an email saying they are out of stock again . I contacted them and they said that they went out of stock that day I contacted them . I feel as if I was told that I would get my parts , that they would honor that and set the amount I needed aside since I 've been waiting over a month for something that was originally in stock . Never ordering anything form them again . I waited a month and a half for something that should have came with the first shipment .
 Goggles look cool , but they press my glasses against my face , making them very uncomfortable . Considering the fact that I wear tiny metal frames -LRB- like John Lennon -RRB- , I was surprised/dissappointed that these HUGE goggles do n't fit over them at all .
 Motorcycle Goggle Fits Over Glasses ... &#34; NOT &#34; ... i will not buy another pair of goggles online ! i guess i will have to try them on before purchase
 There is no way these things could seal around your glasses ! They did fit around my glasses , but there needs to be more foam , or rubber or something because they end up pressing on your glasses and leaving a gap . I guess if you do n't wear glasses underneath they might work kind of .
 It was in good condition when it got here but I 've had it for a couple of months now and the sun is causing it to fade . The lettering now looks like it has been through the wash a few too many times .
 These exhaust end caps do not fit the advertised Vance & Hines systems -LRB- Longshots / Bigshots -RRB- , as the diameter of these caps is larger . I now have a pair of very expensive paper weights !!
 I ordered this Prime through Amazon , and the tube was dried out and unusable . It must have been sitting too long , or the packaging was faulty in the first place . Amazon customer service refunded the amount for me so I 'm happy , and I picked one up locally instead .
 If you are trying to get ineradicable black stains all over everything that 's even close to what you 're trying to glue , this is the stuff ! However , if you were hoping to actually make two things adhere to one another , well ... You put this stuff on , come back 24 hours later , touch it and it 's still wet , and now your fingertip is dyed black . 48 hours later , still wet . A week later , still wet . Never sets , zero adhesive capacity .
 I do not like it because it seemed to be old and dried up and I could get very little from the tube . If it had been more fluid it would have been wonderful . Judith Spaulding
 Well I have finally installed these on a 2002 Ford Focus SVT . And to find out the ride is more bouncy and less stiff than the stock suspension . Only real problem with the install is the back shocks the top bolt assembly is too short . Had to modify the rubber grommet to get them to bolt up.So if you are driving a SVT and looking for an upgrade . I would say find another set of shocks \ Springs .
 I purchased this product for a christmas gift in November . It arrived timley enough , but after unpacking it and charging , I found out that the main light does not work . I have not been able to contact the seller yet , I am in hopes that they will replace it without the cost of shipping .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 Ca n't depend on USPO delivery , is the worst . They charge for 3 day delivery and take a week .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 We received the product but we did n't recieve the two gaskets that should have came with it . I ca n't find a way to send seller a message . So it leaks something terrible without the gaskets . It 's also an odd shaped gasket so not sure where we can get them . It would cost us more to send it back then try and find some place to buy a gasket or tape it .
 this is the second battery in 8 monthe the first fried and almost took the mainbattery with it , its hooked to a viper 5902 , install is perfect , theyve installed ammps , headunits , subs , etc no problem until this but its a smart idea , a back up battery but should last longer than 8 mnths.the price is right came fast but if you buy 2 its not such a great price , i also had the leveling sensor and caused 6 months of shorting , false triggering , had to disconnect and no problem till this back up self fried.BUYER BEWARE!All that glitters is not always gold .
 After 1 year the battery was dead . When I first installed it , I tested it by disconnecting my car 's battery , and it worked great and immediately triggered the alarm . 1 year later , I tried it again and nothing . Oh well .
 Came off first time through car wash . I prepared the area properly and installed the mirrors . they were on for about 4 weeks
 I purchased these seat covers for my 1996 Ford Crown Victoria with 50/50 split front seats because regular seat covers are not wide enough and do not have an opening for the seat belt buckles which extends through the front seats.These covers fit very well once they are mounted , but this requires removing the seat from the vehicle.Even though the installation instructions claim removing the seat is not necessary , there is no way to pull the stretch cords out enough to get them through the vinyl flaps of the seat cover that need to extend through the seat crevice to the back of the seat . Likewise there is no way to hook the stretch cord underneath the seat to the S-hooks on the front of the underside.The seat cover material is okay , but definitely not heavy duty as I expected for the price . I would say it is the same as universal seat covers that typically cost around $ 30 per pair.Finally the opening slit for the seat belt buckle is not parallel to , but 90 degrees off to the seat belt buckle ... poor quality control , or poor design . The buckle will fit through it , but will disturb the surface of the seat cover.All in all , an okay product , but very pricey.P.S . Today I discovered after one week 's usage that the seat cover has ripped at the bottom of the backrest ; clearly the seat cover fit is TOO TIGHT even though they are supposed to be `` custom made '' for my Crown Victoria.This is now a BAD product and really overpriced !
 be careful when purchasing these cabin air filters . these are not the right dimensions . my vehicle is a 2006 toyota tacoma base trd model 4dr dcab . the filter size i measured is 8 1/8 '' x 8 1/8 '' x 25/32 '' -LRB- 206.4 x 206.4 x 19.8 -RRB- . Please correct/update these info.thanx
 Extremely noisy motor . Motor is weak on power , moves window very slowly . Glass does not sit level in frame .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I had this installed by a professional shop , they said that they have ran into this problem before that it was not going to be long enough to clear my windshield and they were right . They had to do a lot of extra work to make it fit . I looked up online and seems this is a universal problem most people saying they have to make there own . So I would not recommend this extender .
 Installed in December 2011 . As of March 2012 they are all rusting . They have only been removed/installed once with a tire rotation . Even the ones I have holding on my spare are rusting and they have not been removed since initial installation . The shop I use is a friend of mine and they take great care taking these on/off . I installed them on my spare myself and did not slip the key while tightening them.I live in Chicago area so this may not apply to everyone . However , if you live where it snows and they use salt on the roads , these do not appear to hold up to the environment.As a comparison , the Gorrilla Automotive black lugs I put on are holding up just fine .
 I just tried putting these thing on and I could not do it for the following reason . The tire iron that came with my 2000 honda accord would not fit the tuner adapter . Now I either need to find a tire iron that fits or find a socket wrench . I 'm not sure who designed this but they were n't thinking . Now I need to spend more money buying another tool and in addition I will always need to carry this additional tool in the trunk
 The lug nut key requires a 13/16 '' socket or 21mm socket . if you have a honda/acura or any car that doesnt supply a 13/16 '' or 21mm wrench , you 'll need to carry an extra socket and ratchet in addition to the wheel lock key in your car . Additionally , since you have tuner style lug nuts , that means you also have another special key lock for these nuts . So troublesome .
 These were not long enough for my aftermarket wheels -LRB- 17x9 .0 Work VSXX -RRB- . I was unable to fully torque them down because they would suddenly become loose . Now I am unable to remove them because they keep spinning on the stud and it does n't get any looser ; therefore , I only have 4 out of 5 lugs torqued down correctly on 2 wheels which is n't safe at all ... Horrible product ... now I must waste time trying to get these off now .
 I originally had the Yamaha shop install them , but since they were still loose and screwed up still I re-installed them the second time ... it was n't the dealer . The first problem I had was that the stems loosened up , that was because the set screws do n't seem to work . The set screws are steel and the threads that they go in to are steal , I 've replaced one stem and now both are loose . That 's three stems that are screwed up . The other problem is that it 's very hard to adjust the mirrors due to them moving every time I tighten up the mirror screws which moves the mirrors and then I ca n't move the mirrors . Back to square one . The first stem I had replaced because the threads were toast due to the set screw and there was excesive chrome on it . The right mirror now has a stripped screw and I did n't even tighten it very tight . Both mirrors move when I get above 80mph with mild head winds . I 'm taking them off tomorrow and getting a refund . Bottom line ... their lemons . Waste of time , money , effort , and undue stress . Thanks Kuryakyn . Now I know why people call them Crappyakyn .
 Received the mirrors on time but the right mirror had chrome defects !! where is the QC ?!! I would n't reccomend buying it if you are reshipping it overseas because the cost or returning it is the same cost of buying a new one !!
 I thought I 'd save a trip to the dealer and buy this online , but lo
 Do n't be fooled . . It says grille , but it is really just a grill insert . You will not receive the complete grill .
 The intake is nice but when it got here the hard to find part silicone connector from air filter to tube was missing ! Then I tried getting in touch w / you guys and got the run around , then had to buy that piece out of pocket ! Intake is great but missing pieces eventually costs more time & money !
 did not work/fit on my 91 Honda accord LX front drivers door what nowto much to ship it back
 Very dissapointing . The inexpensive foam of the ball just disintigrates in certain rims .
 A lot of work and not much to show for it!I followed the instructions for cleaning my motorhomes wheels , but hand cleaning proved more effective than the fancy ball . Too bad ~
 I ordered this since it was very cheap . I did indeed get what I paid for . It did not come with the tube !! I opened the package and all that was there was the funnel ! This is upsetting to say the least .
 Eh product is ok . had a little problems with it leaking where the hose met the funnel but did the trick for what i need to do . . If i was doing this as an every day thing i would n't get it . . spend the money on a better one !
 I purchased a DC Sports header for my Civic and it worked fine for about 2 years . Then the Header welds cracked and it developed exhaust leaks throwing a P0420 code on the car and killing performance . I could just say that it was a fluke except I also had welds break on a cat back system from them as well . There is a reason they only have a one year warranty , they make junk . After 14 months on the cat back they would n't do anything at all for me even though it was obvious it was a poor weld .
 well the fact is i bought this belt about three weeks ago and could n't put it on right away and two days ago i had the time to do the job and when i attempted to put it on , wow it was too long wrong belt . did n't make me very happy .
 You know I bought these car mats as a birthday present for a girlfriend . Initially she fell in love with them . However , after the first week she complained to me that there was no ` prickley ' things on the back of the car mat to hold it still on the car floor . GREAT , I said ... As months went on she complained to me again that she almost was in an accident because the floor mat had moved so much it got caught up under her clutch while driving . She quickly removed the floor mat from her car . GREAT again.I get in the car last night and almost fall getting out because the car mat had moved so much and tangled my feet upGREAT again ... Do n't buy this product please ? It 's unsafe and no quality at all .
 I heard stories like this on Amazon but that 's first time I got it.The kit seems to be OK and working BUT the Impact Toollooks like it was used by a dozen drunk DIY masters , all beat up , scratches and hammer marks all over it.The drive bit holder and the bits are all look brand new.It would be OK for a garage sale for a 1/4 of the price , but I though I 'm buying a new tool.Did I miss something ?
 I received the Lisle Hand Impact Tool Set today and as I removed the product from the Amazon box I immediately reacted to the sketchy nature in which this item had been wrapped . Sold to me as a `` New '' item , the box was enclosed in a large , oversized generic plastic bag that was , itself , sealed shoddily by strips of packing tape . I removed the Tool Set box from the bag , suspiciously , to find that the case as well as the impact tool itself were clearly in `` USED '' condition ... far from new . Smudges , scrapes and dirt could be seen everywhere , inside and out . To confirm the fact that I was not receiving a `` NEW '' item , the 3/8 '' drive bit holder -LRB- which is a separate peice that mounts on the wrench -RRB- was not even present in the box . The item is unusable because of this and it was sold under a description that was wildly misrepresentative of what I actually received . No , thank you . You better be covering my return shipping .
 I purchased this product for a 1991 Accord EX . Installing it was a real pain . It was purchased on 6/20/2009 and failed on 7/21/2010 , just after the one year warranty had expired . PartsTrain has some good deals on parts , but if it 's the cheapest you can find , there 's a reason it 's the cheapest .
 I ORDERED a LH -LRB- driver side -RRB- window regulator w / motor for a 97 Honda accord . I RECEIVED a RH -LRB- passenger side -RRB- window regulator w / motor . The company tried to make me pay for shipping to return the part , and only agreed to pay shipping when I refused . They then claimed it was in fact the correct part , which it obviously was not . I took several pictures of both the replacement and original parts , side by side , and the motor is on the wrong side of the device , meaning it is for the passenger side . The company then proceeded to give me a PARTIAL refund . After paying $ 76 dollars and wading through a sea of support personnel that speak broken english I received a $ 45 refund and am still without a driver side window . This was a terrible experience and I caution anyone against buying products from Auto Parts Train . Awful experience . Awful .
 Oops , it broke the fourth time I used it and it was slightly off center to the weight of my car . The teeth at the bottom bent and no longer meshed . The pins at the bottom bent as well.My whole car almost collapsed on top of it . Not worth destroying your car over .
 Bought this unit in Feb , 2011 . Initial impression was that it was cheaply engineered and built . The hinges of the jack arms are stamped together and flex excessively during use . The motor is underpowered and weak . The cover and light fell off of the controller almost immediately.Still , used probably 20 times to lift up BMW 135i and 335i -LRB- 3200-3400 lb -RRB- . This is `` out of spec '' weight , but these cars are about as light as a modern automobile can be expected to be - this is an `` Automotive Tire Jack '' after all , not a `` Go-Kart Tire Jack '' or a `` Motorcycle Tire Jack '' . I actually replaced it with a normal low-profile racing jack recently , however my jack was borrowed when I needed to do some work today , so back to the automatic jack I went . I jacked up one side of the car , put it on stands . . took about a minute to jack it up per usual , but fine . I went to do the other side and got the car about 3/4 of the way up . . and the jack just stopped working . It would not continue raising the car , no response from the button . I scratched my head and started lowering the car , when the jack suddenly and catastrophically failed . The base plate cracked in half and the jacking arms warped , causing the car to fall unimpeded from about 8 inches off the ground . Awesome . Thank goodness I was not anywhere near the jack when it failed , or there could have been serious consequences . Needless to say , this was a very dangerous result of what I would consider reasonable use.Here is a picture of the failed unit
 BROUGHT THIS NICE 12 VOLT CAR JACK ON AMAZON FOR 61.79 THEN SIPPING AND HANDELING $ 76.95 BUT CAN GET IT AT AUTOZONE AUTOMOTIVE STORES FOR $ 39.95 . BE CAREFUL !
 The item does not fit my pick up . I was sent the wrong size bed caps . I need them to fit A 1985 GMC standard length bed.The ones sent do not fit .
 The size indicated is incorrect.The Warn 22681 disconnect is a 50 amp connector -LRB- not 175 amp as the description states -RRB- . The correct item number for the 175 amp disconnect is 22680 which is designed for 2ga - 4ga cables . ** There is also a item # 65707 on amazon which is also the 175 amp connector . I do n't know why Warn used a differant number.As for the product itself I have no issues . There are pricey but make things alot easier.Once they correct the listing I will delete this review . It is only there to get a persons attention as it is 1 star .
 Item is not the rite size . Also pagkage it came says Warn the plug it 's self says SMH . There fore It isnt even the same Brand as stated in the item description . The picter given is from the opposite side or bottom of the plug that has SMH stamped on it . This seller is missleading and a cheat . Do not buy this or any other item from this seller .
 While this is decent enough when new , it deteriorates to a brittle broken mess in about two years . Note , that I purchased two of these , and kept one in the closet for this time . When the first one I had on the car broke while I was changing a tag , I pulled the second from the closet . It was warped and proved to be so brittle that the slighted pinch actually broke the very , very cheap zinc diecast material.So , while you could buy one of these to use for a time , I would not recommend buying a spare .
 It was not Neoprene on the sides and back and the arm rest cover . Not any better than the crap you can pickup at your local auto store . Fit was terrible and installation was difficult even with the seat removed from my truck ! Will NEVER by a Saddleman product again .
 I purchased this as a replacement for an OEM Denso air filter , in my 08 Mazda MX-5 . As with all Wix products , the quality is very good . There is one squared end on the filter , so it will seat in only one position . However , the filter itself is slightly larger and thicker than the Denso filter and needed to be trimmed about 1.25 mm around the whole circumference . -LSB- The part # was correct . -RSB- There are two indents on the front underside edge of the filter , which match up with two small raised tabs on the inside edge of the air box . With the Denso filter , these tabs align perfectly . However , that was not the case with the Wix filter . The mis-alignment caused the filter to slightly buckle between the two tabs along the front interior edge of the air box , preventing the lid from closing to its ideal position.Also , since you can not see the back internal edge of the air box , you have to shift and wiggle the thicker Wix filter around to make sure it seats in the best possible position . As you close the air box lid , you must then keep pressure on the front edge of the filter so it does not move forward and prevent the lid from closing . Even so , the lid does not close down as tightly as it did with the Denso filter . It took 20 minutes -- and some banged up knuckles ! -- to trim and get this thing placed , and then 40-50 lbs of hand pressure to press the two locking fasteners into place . It fits very tightly , so no dirt will be able to bypass the filter.PLEASE NOTE
 I have a 3.7 L engine on a 2003 Dodge Dakota . This one says it fits , so does 985K7 . I purchased this one . Yep , does not fit . I am guessing that the 985K7 fits , but at this point , I am not sure . I like to shop Amazon , but this time I am going to the Auto Store .
 The plastic legs of some triangles are deformed slightly . They do not snap together firmly and do not stay together ; the legs must twist to snap together . This is the second set I tried . The first set had the problem with one of the three triangles . The second set had the same problem with two of the three . This problem may develop because none of the triangles snap together firmly in the storage position . That is an issue because two of the three go in the storage box upside-down . It is very difficult to put them in the box without the legs flopping down . I suspect the faulty triangles were returned before and stored improperly for a long time , which left the legs deformed . I have none of these problems with a ten-year-old set made by SATE-LITE that I keep in another car . I can not easily find a website that sells SATE-LITE . I will return the Grote set again and try another brand .
 Floor Mats in Picture say -LRB- Dodge -RRB- on the side of them ! The ones i recieved say Ram in the middle of them , i ordered them for Viper not a truck . Very disappointed :-LRB- this is the 1st item ive recieved through Amazon that has n't been as describedDodge Factory Style Trim-To-Fit Molded Front Floor Mat - Set of 2
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 This part is not the whole cable with sheath , it is just a `` cable core kit '' with the inner cable .
 Though identified by Amazon as compatible , this speedometer core does not fit a 1977 Honda Civic . This product was a waste of my time and money . I really like getting burned by online retailers .
 GREAT BUT DID NOT COME WITH CORRECT HARD WEAR LOT OF MOD TO MAKE WORK . LUCKY I HAVE SOME MOD SKILLS
 Description said B7HS . Product that arrived was B7HS-10 . Plugs were out of sockets , rattling in the box . This might have damaged insulators.Packaging slip included in the shipment shows lower price than what I was charged and what shows on the invoice .
 B/w copy of copy type instructions are missing a lot of info . Goes from showing it unassembled for grease installation to assembled with a bearing installed for greasing ... no breakdown showing order of assembly ... W * F are the instructions for this ??????? I hate a good product that has crappy support ... right outta the box ...
 I do n't know if Chevy has a variety of floors in their pickups , but theses mats DO NOT fit mine . Am going to cut them in the hopes they will look decent until I can get some quality mats . My pickup is the LTZ Z71 extended cab . A definite waste of money ...
 This item is installed on a 1999 Camaro with a V6 -LRB- has 3 Wastegate coils -RRB- . Instead of cutting stock wires to install I purchased the adapter plates that fit under the coils and were designed specifically to adapt this unit to these cars.I purchased this item in February 2012 and it worked great until around August 2012 . On the way home from work one morning I stopped at a car wash and the car just died without any warning . Trying to start the car it sounded just like a car with a distributor 180 out of timing . After some troubleshooting I decided to unhook the unit and install the bypass plug they provide -LRB- in case the unit fails -RRB- and the car started fine . I have driven it that way for at least 2 months while I was trying to find the time to address it . According to the units trouble code light it has `` Intermittent input signal '' . There are 3 coils and one input wire for each.Finally 2 weeks ago I decided to remove the coils and adapter plates and solder all wire connections to insure all connections were firm . I made sure the main power wire and ground wires both came straight from the battery . I reinstalled everything and tried again but had the same result . MSD tech support said the unit was bad so I sent it in for RMA . Last week I received the until back and according to them there was nothing wrong with the unit . I tried reinstalling it again today but I get the same result . Tomorrow I will be contacting their tech support again and they will either help me to find the problem or they can refund my money . I am not about to spend over $ 1000 on this unit , adapter plates -LRB- 3 x $ 40 -RRB- and coils -LRB- 3 x $ 40 -RRB- only to use it as a paper weight.If you are looking for a reliable aftermarket ignition system I would stay far away from MSD products . I have owned many Mallory ignition systems in the past and none of them had any issues . Go with a good Mallory setup instead of this POS.If I could rate this item with 0 stars I would .
 I added this to my '97 SVT Cobra when I added the Vortech S/C . Workedgreat for about 6-8 months , then I started haveing to re-set it evry 6-8 weeks , no big deal right ? , Then it started not starting if the car sat for more than 3 days , not the battery lots of cranking power , so I took it back to Extreme Auto In Canoga park . They found nothing wrong and it was starting OK again . Took it home , drove it everday , things were OK , drove it every other day , things were OK , drove it every third day , WOULD NOT START !! Back to Extreme , again they found nothing wrong . Home again and exactly same thing !! Took it back to Extreme , they put it back to STOCK and no more trouble agter 8 months . SO BUY THIS AT YOUR OWN RISK !!!!!
 Purchased this bearing packer today . Used the grease gun to fill the container and when I tried to remove the end , it pulled out the grease fitting . Needless to say , screwing metal into plastic is a poor way to make something last . Poor product , would not recommend .
 This item was defective from the get-go . All procedures were followed to ensure that it would work -LRB- researched on the Internet . It now sits on the workbench thick with grease and unable to be used.Not worth the trouble ...
 I recently purchased a Lincoln 1134 grease gun . Its well constructed and the level delivers more than adequate pressure . BUT the coupler is nothing but problems . It fits on a grease fitting easily , but will not come off . I have to unscrew the tip to remove it . Not only is this a major pain , but it also causes the grease fittings to loosen.There is another Amazon review that talks about problems removing the coupler - but it gives the problem 5 stars . If you have to wrestle with the gun with each grease fitting , its not very useful.One more thing - the instructions are really lame . I took apart the coupler , hoping to find some problem and referred to the parts diagram to reassemble . Low and behold - the coupler parts are not shown in the diagram.I 've registered a complaint on Linclon 's website , but have yet to hear from them .
 It looks good but does not load easily . The piston hangs up on the lip of the grease cartridges . The pump seems to produce only half of the stroke of grease - like there is some air in the system . It does not work as well as an older John Deere branded grease gun that I also use . I would not buy again .
 Received my new Grease Gun Model 1134 . The flexible hose male threads are one side are not right . It will not screw into gun . If I flip it , the other side screws in but I still ca n't get the fitting on the bad side . Tried calling the manufacturer to see if they 'd just ship a new hose because the gun looks good . After 12 minutes waiting for the first available representative , I was on the phone with them for about 15 seconds . Just long enough to tell me there is nothing he can do . Amazon has there their own warranty . So instead of just shipping me a little hose , I will have to go through the hassle of returning the entire gun and waiting for a new one . A lot more time and expense than is necessary . There was a greasy film all over the gun when I opened it which I chalked up to testing or manufacturing . Now I 'm wondering if it was a previously returned item . Hope Amazon makes it right . Either way , one star since the product is defective and manufacturer wo n't stand behind it.Update . Amazon took the defective one back and promptly sent me a new one . No problems with this one . Seems to be high quality and is working better than any grease gun I have owned in the past .
 Do n't waste your money . Directions are poor , difficult to load the grease cartridge . Coupler wo n't release from zerk as others have indicated . All in all , poorly designed and does n't work well .
 purchased after extensive research for usa made but had to settle for this p.o.s. the 2 stage pressure does not work so grease comes out in second half of lever travel.since I am a small business owner and do n't have time to deal with crap I will probably end up throwing in the garbage if amazon does n't take it back . watch for my follow up review on amazons cust . service.P.S . my grease gun which I ran over with my dozer works better after 5 minutes with the hydraulic press making the tube round again , MADE IN U.S.A. 30 plus years ago
 I had placed an order with this retailer about 2 months ago ... I received the car freshners , but they were broken . So I gave them a bad review on amazon . They immediately called me up and told me they would be resending the products for free , and made me remove the bad review . . But after that , I have n't heard from them nor have I receive the replacements ... Guess they only cared that I remove my bad review ... Wish they had negative star ratings ...
 Product is very bad as that smell bad and powerful to the point of suffocation and is located where the fragrance of the cheapest types of perfumes give him a bad evaluation of the item I did not throw at all Satkhaddmha
 Nice enough grease gun . I have used these in the past and expect this one will provide good service too.I ordered this with some grease and a rack for an ATV . The grease was included loose in the package and the ATV rack crushed all of the cartridges making them unusable and making a mess of all of the other products ordered . I was able to clean up the other items with considerable difficulty , but the grease itself was a total loss . This problem was due to Amazon 's packaging . The outer carton was in perfect shape . The grease should not have been placed in a package with another heavy , shifting item.Too say the least , I am very disappointed with Amazon 's poor quality packing . This made for an expensive , messy and frustrating order experience.Still , the grease gun is a good item , just do n't buy it with grease .
 I thought , `` how different can this one be from the one that costs three times as much ? `` I do n't actually know , since I have yet to buy the more expensive ones , but ... The chrome finish on these comes out of the package with bumps and bubbles already evident . My guess is that they will crack and peel once rain starts falling . I 'm pretty sure I 'll be buying a new set from a different manufacturer before the winter is over.Should have just spent a bit more money and done it right the first time !
 amazon said these would fit my buick thats a bunch of horse sh ... . these parts are not even on the rear of my car so dont waste your money i wasted over forty dollars for paper weights im so pi ... . because amazon said they would fit
 Normally these work good but I received this one defective . I am a professional operator and general contractor and have used any of these that work good .
 I bought this to product to get into tight areas using the rubber whip hose . The dispensing fitting would move all over the place and I had to hold it in place and then try to use the lever on the grease gun . The pistol grip might have been a better choice .
 Just what I was looking for . Seems very well made , and works well . Good value on price to quality . Thanks .
 Unless you are using the ENTIRE contents of the kit at once , this kit is very poorly done . There is no way to measure anything less than using the entire bottle of resin and the entire tube of hardener , because you ca n't measure out the resin -LRB- opaque container with no measuring marks -RRB- and the hardener is simply a colorless liquid -LRB- no way to even go by color change on the ratio -RRB- . Pretty expensive and wasteful and certainly designed this way deliberately to force the consumption of the entire kit at once.So , if you need to lay down about two square feet of fiberglass cloth -LRB- although if you did , there is no way to soak that large a piece with the contents of this kit -RRB- at once , then , not a bad kit .
 My suggestion is this
 I only clicked to view the price and it ordered it twice , It made me extremely mad because it would n't let me cancel the order and I even called amazon to cancel this , and they still wouldnt let me cancel . I just want both parties to know they lost a valued customer .
 The look is great the feel is great . The functionality is useless . This is a universal type knob which means that it does not just fit a particular car , it fits all shifters becasue it has three hex screws with with you tighten the knob onto the shifter . Had I known this I would not have purchased this knob becasue on manual shifters they get used 100 % of the time , they take a lot of oushing and pulling , consequently the screws come loose quickly . I could only get this know to work for one day before it failed , even after repeated tightening it failed to remain tight rendering it useless.I thought that it was just me so I took the car and the knob to the dealership and paid them $ 60.00 to install the knob to the best it could possibly be installed . On the way home the knob came loose once again.As far as the waranty is concerned it states that you can return it within 30 days if it is in the condition it was when it was sosld presumably so they can resell it to another unsuspecting person . Issue is that by the time you try to tighten the knob so many times it no longer is in that condition.Don ' t waste you money on a unerversail fitting shifter knob .
 this was the wrong item did not go with what i already had . hohjfda dgjdsifjgda ghjaeroiuahga nfgajwehfiuwaes gbakjdh iuhgi hu
 Watch out for this guy . He listed the two items I ordered in-stock , ready to be shipped , yet he did not have them . He was slow to return my calls and emails , and then he said he would send me two Momo shifters in place of the Corsa shifters I ordered . I am fully aware the Momo shifter are more money , but this is not what MY customer wanted . Reluctantly , I gave in and accepted his offer to send me two Momo shifters in hopes that I may persuade my customer to accept the nicer shifters . One was sent , but not the second . Then this guy cancelled the second shfter after waiting another several days . Ultimately , my customer liked the Momo design but was upset that I did not have both shifters as promised . He demanded his money back and now I have a shifter that I do n't need .
 i have yet to receive this product along with two other products . If there is any way you can help me with this i would appreciate it .
 GRILL DONT FIT.NO INSTUCTIONS AVAILIBLE 4 EXPLORER BECAUSE THEY KNOW IT DONT FIT.PROB FIT IF YOU CUT YOUR ORIGINAL GRILL.NOT GOING 2 CHOP MINE UP 2 FIND OUT !!!!!
 The information presented by Amazon is very poor and the picture showing the borescope with the coupler utilizes a regular digital camera . This coupler requires a camera with a threaded lens of 37mm . There is a small paper within the coupler package that recommends 18 different cameras that will fit with it , but this warning is not provided by the manufacturer nor Amazon . I do not recommend to purchase this accessory with the borescope unless you verify first that your very old digital camera has a threaded lens of 37mm or if you are going to get one of the recommended cameras .
 Put the specs in , vehicle year/type/model and this did not fit !! A disappointing birthday gift for my husband-the stainless steel was not too shiny , either -LRB- I know it was n't chrome -RRB- . The pic was a bit deceptive in the appearance regard.Return was very simple , though , just printed a label and gave it back to the mailman.Things like this are not really meant to be bought online , better to fit it in person .
 I purchased this item thinking that it would fit my Civic 2006 and it fits to small . It said that it would fit my car but it does -LRB- too small -RRB- it does n't even cover half of my windshield . I had to go out and purchase another one , currently I am in the process of returning this shade to the original sender . REFUND .
 Not a very strong product . The end of the charger broke off within a week .
 I recently bought a truck . I love my truck . Unfortunately , the handle on my truck had been broken before i bought it . Not a problem - the truck is 20 years old ! So i did some Amazon research and found this Dorman handle . It was easy to install , it was n't too expensive , and it was shipped quickly . HOWEVER , the handle seriously did n't even last a week . It snapped during the first day that i really needed to use it -LRB- moving a bunch of junk -RRB- ... the wimpy metal handle snapped on its little arm that pushes down the tough metal innards . i 'm disappointed .
 This is just a mirror - no plastic frame that easily snaps into place.And that means , I had to pluck the gooey glue and broken glass by pieces from the frame , which took me 2 hours . Then I attached the mirror with the stickers that come with it , very carefully . Couple days later the mirror was not in place . I had to use super glue to secure it to the frame . Next time I 'm bying the whole assembley .
 Does not fit right . loose and looks like it belongs on another car . I bought it using the guide lines for my car but its loose and flappy . I dont like it .
 Nothing went right with my order . The shipping was ridiculous on such a small item - I believe it was as much as the keychain I ordered . It took weeks longer to get this order than anything else I had ordered at the same time , and when I finally got the keychain , it was the wrong one ! I 've kept the keychain because I ca n't be bothered trying to get this fixed , but I wo n't be using this business again .
 The plug did n't fit my alternator . It is for the map sensor . Amazon said it would fit . I guess I should have looked more closely .
 I DO NOT RECOMMEND ORDERING THIS NON WEBER MADE kit.The kit was sent to me in a beat-up Postal envelop . Had I known this was somebodies punch-out kit I would never of bought it.No idea if it will work at all.Bob
 I bought this kit and was happy that I received it within the week . The part I really needed in the kit , the diaphram , was fine , but three of the gaskets were torn in spots , so I ended up using the old one that I had saved when I took the carburetor apart . It is what it is , but not what I expected . Lucky I could use the old gasket .
 item was confermed my money taken and then a message weeks later we do have in stock thanks for wasting my time and screwing up my credit card
 The original ad said these deflectors would fit a Tacoma base 4 door EXTENDED cab , but the are made for a 4 door crew cab only.The front 2 fit perfect but I could NOT use the ones for the back .
 wrong vehicle ... can not use . product was sent back no replacement offered for my 1989 Ford Ranger . lost more moey on the deal .
 The drivers side front vent has a cut in it . I know it was used but did not say damage .
 It said that it fit my truck but it did not it is made for 4 door f150 not 4 door extended cab f150 so just be cautious . But to be completely fair amazon had me a refund the same day they received my return without any kind of hassle no questions asked .
 The model 94443 may be a good product , but it does n't fit a 2009 Ford 150 as pictured .
 The bulbs sound like a great idea . Problem is the packaging . I 've ordered and returned once , and will likely return the second order as well . The packaging used does not hold the bulbs in place , so they crash against each other . Now they might work just fine , but with halogen bulbs that you 're supposed to be very careful with while inserting , and at the price , why take a chance . Seems like someone could figure out how to package them in such a way they are protected during shipping ! Just be careful .
 I returned because the filaments were not aligned very well . There are other legal clear class high output bulbs that offer higher output and better quality .
 The image displays numerals 0-9 and the description of the product descibes a `` 3 '' pack . but ` N-Stule 5 '' Numbers - 3 / Black ' is a 3 pack of the numeral `` 3 . `` I misread the product name as describing the 3-pack not that this product was only the number 3 .
 The interior waterproof liner started peeling up within 2 months . I contacted Icon via email and was given the `` whoops , sorry ! Thanks for supporting Icon ! '' speech with no customer service follow up at all , even when I tracked down quality control via telephone . The color is adorable , a perfect bright pink , but I can not use it any longer because it can not be washed it due to the peeling liner.Not only would I not buy this product again , I avoid Icon altogether now.Too many good brands with warranties and quality workmanship exist to settle for a shoddy product . RKA luggage in CA makes custom packs in any of 30 colors , incl . pink , and they stand behind their products . They 're $ 40 more , but WORTH IT !!
 When I got this bag i was very excited because it looked great on my bike and was easy to take on and off . After about 2 months of daily use -LRB- commuting to college -RRB- 1 backpack strap broke . Within 4 months both straps were broken and the interior lining was peeling away . Now i just use it as a tankbag and leave it on my bike 24/7 with raingear in it . This bag would be the best ever if it just had better quality construction .
 As a tree hugging environmentalist , I was searching high and low for an alternative to the aerosol sprays such as `` Oust '' that are loaded with toxins and make me cringe every time I use them because they are so bad for the environment . Even at the Co-op that I shop at that specializes in organic and environmentally friendly items and carries several Earth Friendly Products , however they not carry a non-aerosol air freshener that is less than $ 10-11 for a small can/bottle . I was finally able to find this product at a local health food store , who only carries one bottle at a time and not even every scent this comes in , only Vanilla -LRB- puke ! -RRB- and Orange , which I happen to love . I eventually purchased three bottles of Orange at the local health food shop who would call me when they had a bottle in for me to pick up . I am sad to say that while the fragrance was absolutely amazing and very potent -LRB- one squirt is all that is necessary -RRB- , two of the three spray pumps had broken within the week of purchase , no longer allowing the spray to mist effectively , instead it squirted out in huge drips and leaked all over . In order not to let it go to waste , I purchased some 5 oz spray bottles at Target and transferred them into those . In the future I plan on just buying my own essential oils and making my own air freshener spray at home .
 This would be a fine product , looks to be well crafted , except the tubes are n't measured closely enough . Will not fit in heating unit .
 I bought the key ring for a Betty Boop fan , but when it came , I changed my mind on giving it . The metal ring itself was extremely tarnished and even though I know I had just purchased it , it looks too old and used to give as a gift . One day , maybe i 'll use it myself . I give it 2 stars because Betty herself is fine , but it 's purposeless and just another item in my junk drawer until i decide to use it . Not really worth the gas money and time to return it .
 I bought a 4X4 Posi Lok for my low mileage Suburban . The stock actuator failed at the worst time possible . The OEM components were a little more expensive , so a reliable mechanical setup seemed like a good idea . Wrong . I recieved the correct kit that was missing parts . I called the manufacturer , whose rep was friendly the first time , but after not recieving anything for two weeks , I called again and he became surly and informed me he 'd probably sent the parts , but that may have been the other guy that needed components to complete his kit ! My vehicle was out of service over a month , whereas OEM components could have been installed in a few hours.Do not waste your time and money on 4X4 Posi Lok , go to the dealer and get the right parts the first time .
 I bought this for i believe over 5 dollars i am a deere fan but this was a complete waste of money wasnt gon na send it back it would have cost more then i paid for and the real kicker is i found a bunch local in a hardware store for a buck50 each From my experience the company plasticolor makes many diferent products and not a one that ive seen or used was worth the selling price what ever they make is certainly out there and available from different manufactuers and would not purchase another product from plasticolor
 Soft plastic/rubber keychain , adequate if you do n't want to scratch the finish of your lawn mower , but not a high quality product .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 This universal kit is not worth the money . The assembly sticks off the pan about 1 '' . The actual plug does not fully insert into the nut it sticks out about 1/2 '' . Day after installation i noticed some transmission fluid leaking from the plug . I 'm changing it out for a steel bung and regular drain plug ... dont mess around with this you 'll be much more satisfied with a welded in bung and drain plug trust me .
 Bought this for a 2005 Ford Freestyle . Website specifically said this product fit my car . Does n't fit at all . Go to the store if you need wiper blades .
 The price was right and they said they could handle 1000 # for the pair.I drove my zero turn mower onto my trailer and the ramps bent severely.Checking the weight of my mower , it came in just under 1000 # itself . I guess my 180 # was just too much for the ramps.You 'd THINK they 'd build in a little cushion !
 The picture on the web site and the box shows that this wiper comes with a clip . It does not . I figured , maybe the first one I got was just packed poorly , so I returned for a second , and it also was missing the clip . I 've learned my lesson on windshield wipers . Go to Costco where they have two for one specials of every size for $ 7.99 .
 Use to be a great fan of Lith-Ease . After all , What makes the world go Round ? Grease!I 'll use a bit on most anything that moves , squeeks , or ever needs needs service -LRB- boat bearings , sewing machines , vaccuum cleaners , etc -RRB- . However , Lith-Ease seams to dry out and dissapear much sooner than say , a good hi-temp multi-purpose grease.I 've looked at door hinge lightly greased with lith-ease a year later and the white excess has gone hard and crumbly ! Grease ist supposed to dry out and get crubbly ! I gave up Lith-ease and dont use it anymore.A good hi-temp , waterproof , bearing grease -LRB- recommented for tuff stuff in bad environments like salt water boat trailer bearings , and usually Red in color -RRB- keeps your world running turning better ...
 I have used other brands of `` white lithium grease '' in the past on my fishing reels where I do n't want any smell to spook the fish . AGS Lith-Ease white lithium grease has a strong industrial stinky odor , plus it 's not very white ... it 's actually tan . On top of that , it runs and is not as thick as it should be . I need to go find another brand that does n't smell and is actually white .
 the product is ok but they shipped it with the tops of said they reship but havent gotten anything yet
 Simply the glue doesnt hold strong enough on any material to get the dent out . when you start to pull the dent out the glue gives out and the dent remains . It might get a dent out if you are lucky or if the dent is very minor but most likely you will be stuck with your dent and this useless kit .
 I ordered the Black and Blue chevy keychain , when i got it it was black and Yellow . its ok . soft rubber . well made . just wrong color . gave it two stars for good quality but wrong color
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 Followed directions explicitly . Also researched tips in Amazon reviews . Long crack in windshield with original nick in middle . I could see where it kinda started making the crack disappear in a small area but even this only made the crack `` disappear '' from certain angles . From most other angles the crack was still plainly visible , no way that 's getting past state inspection . But I figured if I kept going it might get better and better . Only problem is they give you a pitifully small quantity of the resin . So never got a chance to find out ! Absolutely WILL NOT fix cracks and saw ALMOST NO IMPROVEMENT in the original chip . This product completely failed to perform as advertised . I doubt a different brand would work better . The concept itself is wishful thinking and falls flat on its face in the real world . DO NOT BUY . Look , I know the alternative -LRB- buying a windshield -RRB- is expensive and this is comparatively cheap . So you think `` why not give it a try ? '' . But how much money do you think they 're making off people giving it a try and then ca n't be bothered to return it ?
 When I got this product for the first time , the resin bottle was almost empty . So , I contacted the seller , who then resent me a new package . And the second resin bottle was almost empty -LRB- it contained only 3-4 drops -RRB- , too . I read and followed the instructions very carefully but nothing got improved on a small bull 's eye on the windshield . I wanted to try another fix -LRB- as instructed in the manaual -RRB- but no resin was left . I do n't think this is a seller 's problem because the resin bottles were factory sealed . Everything I experienced indicates that this product is defect .
 This product might only work on big cracks . my star cracks are about 1 cm each . The resin does not work on it . I reapeated the steps but still does not work . I tried on my other car which has a star crack about 2.5 cm and it works `` OK '' , the result is predictable . the result leaves ugly little marks on my windshield .
 It might have made a little difference , but with the time and effort required it should have made more , price was cheap , but `` repair '' was only mediocre .
 I bought this item for fixing a small chip -LRB- less than half inch -RRB- on my windshield . It 's a STAR BREAK chip . However , this kit did n't work for this type of chip . Due to the physical press when I use the kit , the crack even enlarged to 1.5 inches . I was very disappointed and decided to look for local auto glass store . If you have a STAR BREAK chip , this kit WO N't help you . BE AWARE .
 I bought this item back in September as a last resort because I did n't have $ 120 to fix two small chips and one medium chip in my windshield . I really wish I wouldnt have taken the cheap way out though , it worked very well until the temperature dipped severely over a few day span . The resin that comes with this kit began to expand , and now I have a thin crack connecting the three chips and is beginning to outline the windshield . So now instead of the original $ 120 to have my windshield fixed , i 'm going to be out closer to $ 250 . Now for the review from an unbiased opinion , it was very easy to apply , the directions were in `` plain '' English , and I thought the design of the of the item was borderline genius . But one word of advice , you get 5 -LRB- ? -RRB- of these thin plastic strips , after I used the first one I realized that you can make this item last longer if you cut the strip in half -LRB- assuming your chip is that small -RRB- This may be a good product , it just was n't in my case . If you live where sudden temperature changes are normal -LRB- I live in Michigan -RRB- , I would n't recommend this item what so ever .
 Perhaps it was the way my rock chip impacted by windshield , but this product did almost nothing to repair the chip . I cleaned-out the chip and followed the instructions , positioning the suction cups , adding the resin , compressing and repeating . After scraping off the material , it is still apparent where the rock chip is located .
 This product did not work as well as I expected . They tell you the chip on your windshield will be invisible when you are done . I tried this on 3 different windshields with different size chips . The chips are still quite visible .
 warning
 We followed the instructions to a T.It did not completely repair my nicks and crack.I would not recommend this product on old nicks or cracks that have been there for some time.The nicks and cracks are too deep in the middle layer of the glass and can not possibly reach it . It only helped the surface damage .
 i dont think it is a good idea to buy this product here . It is priced higher than walmart and including shipping it is almost double the price .
 Instructions were very clear and easy to follow , but it just did n't work for me . Have to find another option .
 Do n't bother purchasing this product ! Most Insurance companies will send out a company to fix small cracks in your windsheild for FREE ! Once you apply this product , they wo n't be able to fix it.Besides , this did n't do anything . Just made my windsheild un-fixable by a professional . Call you insurance company first .
 The one thing that this product does n't stress enough is that your results may very depending on the type of damage you have . This product is not very good on star cracks or regular cracks -LRB- it may work better on bullseyes -RRB- . I have a star crack about 1.25 '' in diameter with the longest crack extending about 3/4 inch from the point of impact . I 've read and fallowed the instructions 3 times and after few tries the product did fill in the small spider web like cracks that extend no longer then 1/4 '' from the point of impact but the longer cracks are still there and still visible . The damage does look a little bit better then before the repair but it 's definitely nothing like the Before and After picture the manufacturer provides . Honestly I do n't really care how it looks as long as it passes the state inspection but I 'll find that out in few months.Overall I can only give this product 2 stars , and if you are going to buy this do n't expect miracles .
 This seems all good in theory and has clearly worked for some people , but not for me.First , only 2 of the 4 suction cups worked . This makes the apparatus much more difficult to use and very uncomfortable on the hands.I had a tiny bullseye type ding , it barely helped that one . I have a larger star crack , and it was useless . It did not penetrate into the cracks . I tried multiple times and consider myself pretty adept at this stuff . There simply was n't enough pressure from the device to push the resin beyond the point of impact.Didn ' t work for me ... but worth a try for the price and other positive reviews .
 I followed the direction on the package , but the resin did n't go into the crack like it was supposed to so I just ended up spreading it over the top and hoping for the best .
 you need heater to use this kit.I do n't have heat gun nor extension cable for it and my apartment is on third floor.now my money is wasted.well if you have home and all this and that might work for you
 This product did n't work at all for me . I had a small chip on my windshield , less than half an inch in size , and I thought this one should be easily repairable using the DIY kits . After reading the reviews , I chose Fix-a-Flat product -LRB- had lots of good reviews , and was priced reasonably -RRB- . It was delivered promptly , everything was included in the package , and it came with detailed instructions , which I followed carefully . Unfortunately , it did n't make the chip any less visible -LRB- not to mention disappear -RRB- . Again , I did read and follow the instructions
 The resin works ok and does what it 's supposed to but the repair device itself does n't have enough pressure to push the resin into tight crack seams . It would 've worked if it was able to push the resin in .
 I followed all the directions carefully , tried it twice , but it had no impact on my crack . On the plus side , it 's a year later , and nothing has changed !
 I followed the instruction . Tried twice . It did not work . It was not able to repair 3mm diameter chipped windshield .
 I had a small chip to repair product did not work that good , can still see chip as before repair .
 This product does not work . I have a very small star on my windshield from a rock . I followed directions to the T . The windshield was shaded , then moved into the sun to cure . I gave a little extra time as well.It did not fill the star hole , and did nothing for the small surrounding cracks . Water gives the same results
 I have never been so disappointed with a product before . If I had it to do over again , I would without question try ANY other product except this one . Do not purchase.I bought this product a few days after my windshield got chipped by a rock . Nothing too serious ; it never developed any major cracks afterwards . I thought , I want to play it safe and patch the hole . This product advertises that it also strengthens the windshield . That made me feel good too since my wife drives the car more than I do.The instructions are complicated and contain a few grammar errors but are still better than other things I 've seen . It gives specific curing times for each step of the process and instructs you when to move your car in and out of sunlight for `` best '' results . But the benefits end there.I followed the instructions to the letter . Again , my wife 's safety was in my mind so I wanted to make sure it worked well . I even had a stopwatch to time each step of the process.The final steps involve moving the car into sunlight , applying a drop of the resin as well as a curing strip , letting it dry , then scraping away the excess . And there the product fails . Each and every time I would scrape away the `` excess '' , some of the resin I wanted to keep in the chip would also pull away . This would expose a white , chalky area of the windshield . Alright I thought , the instructions have a step for fixing these final `` blemishes '' . But it kept happening . Over and over again . In sunlight or in shade , using a 15 , 45 , 60 , or 90 degree scrape with the provided razor blade , with just a touch of resin or a little extra resin , with one curing strip or with two , it did n't matter . The white blemishes would persist.My windshield looks worse than it did . I accept that if , and only if , it 's stronger and safer . But now I can not trust it . The product failed me so far and now I have to worry that I did nothing to increase the safety of the windshield for my wife . If I see it spread even a millimeter , I will just have to replace the entire windshield .
 I read the directions carefully , followed them to a tee and I thought it was working but in the end failure . The pressure device did not do anything for my star crack after 3 attempts so I used a lighter on the windshield and the fluid moved into the crack so I thought it would work . I moved the car into the sun and by the time the fluid hardened it had moved out of the crack as well . So I kept trying 3 more times reappling fluid and putting the curing pad on it with the car in the sun over and over . Everytime I would use the lighter on the inside of the window it would fill the crack then after an hour in the sun the fluid was hard but it would keep moving out of the crack . Very frustrating and time consuming . After hours of trying no noticable improvement at all . Very dissappointed .
 A pebble hit my beamer , made a speckle and it radiated with minute cracks . It was too expensive to get it fixed and replaced and my insurance did n't cover it . Tried this , followed everything to the letter and nothing !!! Hell I just put my parking sticker over it . Thank goodness the crack was located near the edge of the windshield .
 I picked two of these at WalMart , with the first one we did n't get to start the repair because resin bottle was empty !!! , When using the second one , cracked my windshield when turning the plastic screw with o-ring !!
 I had a small rock chip , well within the specifications they gave . I followed the directions to the letter . absolutely no noticeable difference at all . This was a complete waste of money . Not only was there not a visible difference after the treatment , the chip cracked from one side of the windshield to the other over the course of the next few months .
 This product does not work as claimed for the repair of cracks in your windshield ! I followed the directions very closely and it did not work !
 I was not happy at all with this product ! I followed the instructions and it did not set-up .
 Read the reviews on the Fix-A-Windshield and sounded like a real no brainier way to fix my dinged windshield . Checked the prices to have a pro do the job and for the $ 15.00 cost of Fix-A-Windshield/freight sounded like a real bargain but in reality was over priced . As all I ended up with was a splotchy spot over the ding . Though on a positive note it may have slowed the progress of the crack spreading from the bulls eye . We will see ...
 I was not impressed with this product . Essentially , you screw the tip of the tube into the `` resin reservoir '' that is held against your windshield via suction-cup stabilized pressure . HA-HA . If the repair liquid could actually get into the nick/crack , then I can imagine that it MIGHT be able to fill out that crack line or nick , but the screw-in stabilized by suction cup set-up is COMPLETELY inadequate to allow a proper seal around your nick . Rather than making it 's way into the nick , the liquid spread all over my windshield . I removed the set-up , and worked with another person -LRB- me holding the tube flush against the windshield , and the other person squeezing the tube -RRB- which was better but again , most of the liquid spread all over the windshield . I ended up getting much of the liquid on my hands -LRB- and this stuff SMELLS , it will smell immediately out of the package and then reek up your immediate living space , so I suggest unpacking it outside and reading the instructions there -RRB- , and very little into the sizable crack.Next time , I would suggest sticking a tiny suction cup directly over the crack , and using a syringe needle to get it in there . It 's ridiculous that ANYONE got this product to seal and fill properly . MAYBE trying Blue Star 's OTHERWindshield Repair Kitwill garner better results . The mechanism looks more viable at any rate.If you google Blue Star 's windshield repair kit , the top hits are the OTHER kit . -LRB- I could n't even FIND Blue Star 's page on THIS kit-boy , that really improved my confidence in this product -_^ -RRB- .
 Poor product . I was dissapointed with the results and will not buy this item ever again . Followed directions , and cracks are maybe only 50 % visible now . I was expecting at least 10 % visibility when this was done .
 I tried this product on 3 different problems on two different cars . Two of the problems did not show any difference and the third actually was worse after trying it . The third , a minor crack .25 '' grew to about .75 '' during the process .
 I received product quickly . I followed the instructions carefully to repair a hole/chip with no cracks from a kicked up rock . After multiple attempts I gave up . I was very dissapointed . Perhaps it may work in your application , but I am unable to recommend based on my experience .
 It makes the chip look a little better but it does n't fix it . Its still obvious that there is a chip in the glass
 The problem is the resin never really seeps into the cracks . I followed the instruction to the letter . Now it looks the same as before . No difference before and after . My only consolation is I paid only $ 10.93 inc. shipping . At the Auto Show , a vendor was selling this same product for $ 20 . Now I have to save and pay for a new windshield ...
 OK I bought this item to repair my 84 silverado 's windshield . it had minor little cracks on it , so I decided to give this a try . . The tool left a CIRCULAR CRACK around the crack I was trying to repair , and it is really deep . Horrible product !!!
 I followed the instructions to repair a crack . But the entire crack is still completely visible from the outside and inside . The best I can hope for is the seal to prevent water from coming in again , while keeping my fingers across ...
 Read the instructions twice but it simply did n't work for me . I tried it on 4 cracks/chips . Save your money !!
 Tried several times on my Mercedes windshield , my grandson even tried it and it did n't work for him either . Not worth the money .
 I purchased this kit for a very small chip in my front windshield . I read the directions before I started , and then followed them word by word when working . This product will fix a chip as far as filling the entire area and restoring the surface to original smoothness , BUT the big downside is that the resin DOES NOT DRY CLEAR . My clear chip is now a white spot ! Terrible .
 For a $ 15 repair kit I was n't looking to achieve 90 percent towards perfection . But when a company failed to provide all the items should have enclosed in the kit , then the promise of a working product is also in questing - my package did not enclose the `` supplied '' razor . I had to make a razor from my daughters pencil sharpener.I received the product 2 days after ordered and was very eager to apply the application to my chipped windshield . The windshield damage is about two days old . It was a small chip less than 1/4 of an inch in size . By following the instructions and patiently working on the damaged area for about 45 minutes and hoping for at least a 50 percent improvement.The final touch to the work is to scrape off the excessive resin off the windshield and when I did that , the damaged area turned white from scraping . Now the damaged area looks like a dirty white spot which to me is not an improvement at all . May be I should n't have scraped the damage area ? Well , the instruction did n't say not to .
 It did n't make the chip disappear at all . The resin did dry in the hole which is kind of all I was after to help promote less cracking potential . not sure if pleased with results yet.Did research that professional tools fo rthis kind of job are about 500 dollars.so you can imagine how good a 12 dollar one is.i want to add i would personally try a different kit is I was looking for reviews to help make a purchase . as im sure any other cheap kit couldnt be any worse.the main thing in this kit is just the resin . the plastic and the suction cups are just to make the kit look more interesting , while it does serve a small purpose to help push the resin into a chip , it really isnt needed for anything . just putting the resin on the chip will already have no air .
 I used this on two different damaged windshields , one with a bullseye defect and another with a 7 inch crack . On the bullseye I was able to fill in the defect and make it look better although the damaged area was still somewhat visible . On my cracked windshield I apparently could not get much of the product to penetrate the crack , despite moderate pressure on the windshield from the inside in order to open up the crack a little more .
 These injectors did not work at all . The engine would barely start and ran rough when it bothered to run at all . Could not accellerate as one injector would hiccup and activate late causing severe miss in the firing sequence . I reinstalled three times to make certain it was n't me causing the problem . Thankfully , Amazon has an incredible return policy and reimbursed me in full . They even paid for return shipping .
 I purchased this producted and in short , its a waste of money . The decals are warped , sun bleached , and pealing away from the sticky backing . After i applied the sticker , i let them sit for more then 24 hours in hopes that perhaps with more time , the dried old glue might adhear correctly . This was not the case , and i was force to use spray mounting to get more then half the letters to stick correctly . Obviously these items are not stored correctly or even caired for in the least . Do n't Waste your time or money buying this ! Of all the decals i have applied to my car -LRB- 6 in all -RRB- this is by far the worse i have ever used . I 'm going to have to spend another 15.00 just to replace the 5 letters that have fallen off .
 I mounted a pair on my Honda odyssey headlights but the LEDs burned out in less than 5 months . They are also very dim , but are still cool !
 Yes you get the gauge but you do not get the probe and thermal coupler , as the price states a $ 50 + savings from $ 173 it should come complete if it is showing a savings from list price so now I either by a probe kit and spend more money than buying a complete gauge that comes with everything .
 Amazon has a way of making products stand out with price savings and what not . After looking at tons of gauges I settled on this one not realizing it did n't come with a probe . My other choice was 20 dollars more but it had a probe . I was careless and &#34; accidently &#34; purchased this . Oh well
 Dash cover was of pretty good quality but the fit for 95 Bonneville Pontiac was an awful fit . It needed to be at least one and 0ne half inches larger especially along the front edge . Sides were a short fit . Cut outs were fair fit . Sun can blister and crack exposed area . Back to the old towel to cover the dash .
 Unfortunately you ca n't give zero stars.Ordered tires for our vacation . Allegedly shipped on June 21 to be delivered no later then June 28th . When I called to check where my tires were I too was told that they must have been lost in shipping and they had no tracking number to give me ; that UPS did n't upload one . I was then told that the tires were on backorder till late July . I have never known of not being able to get a tracking number from UPS . I asked to speak to the manager and was told the same thing ... asked to speak to the owner and was told I had gone as high as I could . I told them to cancel my order and to immediately refund my money . I got a voicemail later that said they found 2 tires to send me and that they could ship them to arrive within 3 days . Forget it ... just send me my money back . In this day and age there is no reason to not be able to have a tracking number on something sent UPS ; and how can you go from having tires on backorder till late July to having ones that I could have in 3 days !!! I think the order was never shipped and the tires were on back order all along . Will never order from them again .
 When received only got drivers side assembly , no passenger side . Sent item back for refund .
 These lights look great until you install them . Fit is very poor and they protrude out about an inch more than factory . I will be cleaning and reinstalling my factory lights . A total waste of my money .
 I bought some of this stuff to refinish the hood on an old car . Upon first use I most unimpressed at the very small and splotchy spray pattern . After 4 cans on just the top of the hood , the paint never even remotely leveled out , it just looked like that nasty textured stuff you see on the ceilings in a lot of houses in the Midwest . OK , I thought fine , I 'll just let it cure , then wet-sand it smooth before clear-coating . After a week of it not curing in warm dry weather , I took it inside to cure with a space heater aimed at it for another week . Should be good to sand now right ? Nope , not at all . Sanding either wet or dry causes the paint to instantly ball up and make a greater mess out of the finish than it started . For the record , I used the matching PlastiKote primer prior to painting . Now my only option is to completely strip it off and repaint with another brand.I 've done a lot of painting over the years , and this is the only spray paint I 've ever had fail to cure . It also has by far the worst spray pattern , worse than the cheap $ 1 stuff I spray on my garden tools.I 'll never buy this brand again .
 I have a dashmat from years ago for the same car , now I have a second . The new dashmats are really poor workmanship in comparison . It looks like a reject . Major sewing errors and miscuts , sloppy factory defects . I had to send it back.I already have same exact mat from years ago that always fit correctly , this one is ridiculous , not right at all . I 'll try a different brand , I guess.I also ordered for a different car and that one had less defects so we kept it . Still , We will do some sewing to correct one poor detail .
 This review is about the seller of these boots , rather than the boots themselves . 11 days ago I placed the order for these boots , never having received a shipment notification ... I emailed Motorcycle Superstore for an update . My reply from them came in the form of issuing a credit , no notifications , no explainations . While I am very pleased to have my funds returned for an item that I did not receive ... it seems to me that a communication of any sort , be it an out of stock issue or other issues that would prevent the order shipping would be a good business practice .
 Do not purchase the 3pc billet grille for a 2009 Nissan Frontier , it does not fit.The front end on the 2009 was slightly redesigned with smaller openings.Buyer beware .
 The picture shows tail light lens , but this is not what it is . It is a part for the lens that is used with a plate . The picture should be fixed !
 I thought I was buying the main grille insert , but it was the bumper insert . Nothing in this description or product info lets you know that you are buying the bottom bumper grille .
 Well , it was worth a try . My husband asked me to purchase and install it so I did . It made him momentarily happy , so for that it was $ 50 well spent , however I would NEVER recommend this shield as a means of protecting an automobile windshield as it does not perform whatsoever and ultimately proves to be a WASTE of money . Steer Well Clear of this purchase .
 Ordered this thinking it would cover more surface area then i actually does . Seems kind of chintzy too . Very disappointed
 Do n't expect this bugflector working great , I just install in my van and drive from Los Angeles to San Francisco on I-5 , I drive all the way at 80mph-90mph the windshield still get dirt . If i drive slow it get dirt was reasonsable but it 's not .
 ... you get what you pay for , I guess . Get the original `` solid '' OEM , if you can . Then , let me know where you bought it and how much . I may actually scrap this piece of junk .
 I ORDER A GRANT 741 CHAIN WHEEL , AND I RECEIVED IT ON TIME , BUT IT WAS THE WRONG SIZE , IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN 12 '' WIDE THE I RECEIVED WAS 9 1/2 '' WIDE . I 'M VERY VERY UNHAPPY WITH THIS . ASKING 4 MY MONEY BACK AND TRYING TO GET IT WOULD BE LIKE PULLING TEETH WITH MY HAND . MAYBE I CAN SALE IT TO A KID , TO PUT ON HIS BIKE OR SOMETHING , IF NOT MAYBE A PAWN SHOP.Grant 741 Chain Wheel
 Pads do not fit vehicle stated in description ... waste of time and MY money ... I had to buy pads during the install at a brake shop which were considerably more expensive ... not happy .
 I received this side mirror in a flimsy box , poorly packed . The mirror was broken and detached from the housing . I 've sent 2 requests for an exchange and had no reply . I even called the number on the package , but all I got was a computer and no follow up . Very disappointed .
 Product was defective from the factory , functions worked bacwards and others not at all . Upon checking the wiring inside it was found that almost all the wires were just crimpeed together in one bundle . I would have returned the lights but I needed them the day they arrived . Item was inoperative and worthless as received .
 12V Magnetic Trailer Light KitI have to agree with everything Reg Great Lakes said . I ignored his advice , and bought a product that , as factory wired , will not work on any car or truck known to man . The wiring is just plain idiotic . If you understand trailer wiring , they can be rewired to work correctly in about 5 minutes . If you do n't , do n't buy this product . It took two of us , neither of whom are great electricians , about 4 hours to figure out the correct wiring and to get them working . Since these inexpensive magnetic lights are sold by dozens of companies , It would be my guess that they all come from the same factory in China and are all wired incorrectly . If you are n't mechanically and electrically inclined , buy some other type of portable trailer lights .
 I bought these for my new truck . What a joke , I only got one . Appearantly they are not sold in pairs ! Who the heck buy 's one back floor matt ? What a rip off !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 These license plate frames are attractive , but unusable . The snap on logo caps do not stay on . Also the frame is too wide on the bottom and covers up the stickers on license plates .
 It was very misleading and the part did not fit my mazda 1988 . Plus the return is complicated and you will end up losing money . I will never order from them again .
 The product was misdescribed and did not fit the truck it was purchased for . The product looked ok but was wrong .
 Twice the wrong parts were in the box . Needed them for a Ford F250 Superduty Supercrew and they were for a regular cab . The first order was n't even close . It seems someone is just shoving any type parts in the wrong boxes ... I would have liked a confirmation that I was ordering the right item for my vehicle . Yes , I did check the drop down for my vehicle ...
 I ordered the visors for a ford explorer sport trac , which the write up said it would fit , but when delivered , was no where near the right match . The order number were right , but on the box , they were for a ford F150 , which is not the same shape as the sport trac . They were nice looking visors , but unfortunetly , I had to return them . A second try revealed the same problem .
 I ordered these for a 2012 Hyundai Genesis and I received parts for a Ford Pickup . The description states ` tapeless ' ; however , the rear ones have tape on them and the directions state peeling the tap off ... etc , etc , etc. . . I bit the bullet and ordered the ` weathertech ' product as I had done in the past ; did n't like the $ 15 delivery charge ... oh well ...
 This air filter was listed as the cabin air filter for my Tundra truck . Not only was it not THE cabin air filter , it was an air filter for the engine and not even a Tundra truck . When I called to return it and explained the problem Amazon immediately sent me a new one , THE SAME AS THE WRONG ONE SENT IN THE FIRST PLACE . I went to nearest auto parts store and bought what I needed and scratched Amazon auto parts from my favorites .
 i was shocked when i got it does n't work with arab gulf region cars , we have different frequency , the seller did not specify this information , it 's a total loss
 Nothing like the picture . Gaps in netting MUCH larger . Cheap plastic fasteners . Broke three the first time used . Sounded good , but a waste of money .
 The unit smelled burned when it arrived and when I advised Amazon of it 's condition before I used it they ask if I would try it . It operated a 60 Watt TV for about 5 minutes before the low voltage indicator beeped . It had drawn down my charged Group 27 battery . Amazon sent me postage for a return with no problem . I ca n't say much for the Vector product but Amazon 's return policy is great . Even though I have not been advised of a re-imbursement I expect one soon . It 's only been about a week since I shipped the inverter back.Jerry .
 This part number is correct , and the part I recieved is correct , but the filter itself is molded wrong for the 2005 Triumph Sprint ST it was meant to go in . Had to return it and just bought an OEM filter instead.From reading around this is a common issue for the K&N ; filter for Triumphs . So beware!Amazon was great to work with on the return .
 Do n't waste your money . This piece of junk fell off my keychain and there was no way I could repair it . Very poor quality .
 I order it on the vendor 's site and it supposed to fit on my 1982 Tercel . Worry about that , order it for nothing ...
 I order this car remote controller/transmitter from this supplier , THE PRICE PROS and it turned out to be a defective device . The price of this device is cheaper than the freight charges I paid and it does not make sense for me to ship back to States.What I am upset about this Supplier are :1 -RRB- Things that they are selling online -LRB- Amazon -RRB- , there is absolute chance that it is going to be sold ten thousand miles away from it . You must ensure it is in good condition , or at least provide certain level of liability when it is defective . Obviously , they are covered a some clauses that makes you sick when you want to return the defective good and leave you no room for consideration of returning .2 -RRB- This Supplier , THE PRICE PRO just simply ask me to look for the manufacturer directly . My question is HOW to ? No warranty card or any guarantee that allows me to talk to the manufacturer directly , or even who or where or any contact that I can write/contact the manufacturer . Let leave me like that ... This is totally crap.Never buy things from THE PRICE PRO . Very bad experience .
 Lost the original remote - and bought this as a replacement ; however , the shop I took remote to was unable to program . I found the directions -LRB- which are downloadable on vendors site -RRB- a bit unclear , but you can be the judge . The remote appeared to work - lights active while buttons are pressed , but again - was never able to program correctly .
 I am sure the hitch may work well if it were ever able to be installed . The installation is dependant on a cheap wire that has to be fished through the bumber fram and gave out after the first bolt . Needless to say I am left here with no way to install .
 The screen filter supplied is not going to work with the 2000 Cherokee 4.0 L. Actually there are two ; one that snaps onto the bottom of the pump and one that snaps onto the bottom of the pump/gauge sending unit assy . The one pictured with this pump works in niether place . I am not assuming you need to replace these two , you will . I am writing this in detail because it is a problem when the gas tank is out and you discover you need to find these filters and go buy them before you can put your car back together . Advance Auto Parts carries these filters ; FS 220 and FS 221 -- $ 26 .
 I ordered this for a 99 Jeep Wrangler 4.0 and had the same issues as other reviews . The filter that comes on the pump will in no possible way properly fit into the sender . I had to run out for more parts to complete the project . Really disappointing that the Bosch website also recommends this pump so I ca n't blame Amazon , they get 5 stars for a quick delivery and great price . As another review mentioned get the FS220 and FS221 filters , I did and they are factory correct .
 Our deep cycle battery and this unit do not get along . I wanted to use it at our cabin , but the shutoff is too sensitive . The light turns red as soon as you put a load on it . I have a much cheaper 40W unit that works better .
 Just curious if the reviews I read in the past are still valid about the petro/rubber smell from this product . Last month I read reviews from several trunk organizers before making the decision not to purchase this Rola because of the terrible smell - rubber/petro , some said it was really bad . So , instead of taking that chance , I purchased the Legacy Sport Home & Trunk Organizer . I am glad I did , the quality material plus portability suits me perfect . And no smell , the reviews of this Rola turned me away from purchasing it .
 I thought this would be a good tool to hold the things I buy like groceries but when I opened it , too small I had to send it back . Cant believe it cost that much for its small size .
 I finally got to try this thing out after having it for two months.Hiked four miles into a lake using my new PN-40se gps , spent the night and the next morning I plugged the gps in to charge it , everything looked to be going well so I let it charge for about 15 minutes and re-checked it only to find the screen blank -LRB- as it was on when I started -RRB- so I unplugged and tried to turn it on , and nothing . Very unhappy ! . When I got back to the truck I found the gps still worked if I put regular battery 's in it , so it ruined my brand new rechargeable batts.Be warned -LRB- check it out before you go ! -RRB-
 This is a good item , just too bad they did NOT give the proper years for the product in the description . It said for Dodge Ram 2500/3500 and that is exactly what I needed . Got the order in and opened the box ... . does n't fit . On the box it says 03 - 12 but we have a 2000 model Dodge . NOT COOL people . I checked to see if it fit with Amazon 's `` does this fit your vehicle '' drop downs and it said it did!So , be careful when ordering if they do n't give a year model.I could only give the seller a 1 star for NOT giving proper information on year coverage .
 This product looks really nice and I got compliments on it from everyone . BUT during the first use the latch/lock broke . This problem has been reported on etrailer dot com . The latch/locks appear to be assembled manually -LRB- snapped together -RRB- with pressure . No soldering or anything . Any external pressure will cause the latch/locks to simply fall apart . I am going to permanently mount the pod to the tray since I am afraid the latches hold them to the tray will fall apart if I hit a bump . Rola / Support gave me the run around saying they do n't have proof that I purchased the unit . I had to get a replacement lock from another party . They go for approx $ 20 . I will be buying a handful for spare parts .
 You get what you pay for . The straps broke while I was installing the seats . Price & Quality are both Cheap
 While installing the lines that are used to senched the cover down broke with minor pulling so the seat cover is loose and not real great looking .
 I had almost the exact same experience , only it was only rain . But everything was soaked . I followed the instructions , and while the hold downs , extra velcro straps and cinching allow you to really tighten the bag down so you do n't have any flapping , if it really was weatherproof as Rola claims , it would be a wonderful product .
 I am not a happy camper . Loaded up my roof top bag on Sunday afternoon , nice dry day . Cinched it down nice and tight , made sure all my flaps were overlapped as shown in poor instruction manual . About an hour into my trip we were in a snow storm , about 4 hours into the trip we were in rain . Arrived at my destination Monday evening , unloaded my luggage and low and behold everything is soaking wet . My luggage is probably ruined . I would rate this a zero or negative if that option was available . Thanks amazon for the FALSE ADVERTISING .
 This bag is sturdy , holds plenty and attaches securely to a roof rack , but contrary to the advertising , it is most definitely NOT waterproof . We have used it no more than a half-dozen times , but only the last time were we driving in extended , heavy rain . Our luggage and contents therein were soaked and there was a good deal of water pooled inside the carrier when we reached our destination . We 'll continue to use it , but everything inside will be in supplemental waterproof bags !
 We travel from Pennsylvania to Missouri -LRB- 900 miles -RRB- several times a year to visit family . We have the panoramic sunroofs on our Kia Sorento , which means we ca n't put any weight directly on the roof , so we bought the Rola roof mounted cargo basket to attach to the roof rack cross-bars , and we attached the bag to the basket.I read a LOT of reviews of several different products before settling on this set-up , but it did n't take long to regret the decision . This bag did live up to many of my expectations -- it held everything we hoped to load in it -LRB- e.g. , a few suitcases of varying sizes , a stroller , a pack-and-play -RRB- with room to spare , it did n't flap or make noise on the interstate , it did n't seem to affect our gas mileage , it looked sort of sporty . At one point we drove in a total downpour , and while some water got in , it was n't too terrible . We had anticipated the storm and put everything in trash bags before we loaded it into the bag , but we decided that in light rain , we might not even bother with the trash bags.HOWEVER , I did not anticipate what a PITA this bag would create on motel nights . We usually stop halfway and sleep in a cheap motel , and unfortunately for myself and my poor husband , this means we had to get the kids and the dog into the hotel in the middle of the night and then go back out and unload the contents of the bag into the now-empty vehicle , then detach the bag from the basket and secure it inside the car , only to get up extra-early the next morning and put it all back together again . This process is no small feat . Imagine yourself , after 10 + hours of driving , in the middle of the night , in some random motel parking lot , possibly in the rain or snow , dealing with all the straps and buckles and velcro , and heaving and cramming luggage and whatnot into the car ... this is a wretched situation . But if you do n't take it all apart and secure it in your vehicle , it could all be stolen ! If I had bought a hard-sided clamshell style carrier , we could simply LEAVE IT ON TOP OF THE CAR and LOCK IT.Well , we drove through a total blizzard in Illinois and Indiana this last trip -LRB- just our second trip with the bag -RRB- and by the time we got home we realized that one of the buckles -LRB- on the front -RRB- had cracked and broken , and one of the straps -LRB- on the side -RRB- had completely frayed through . The bag was toast . I guess interstate speeds , driving sleet and snow , and probably my seething hatred for this bag eventually got the better of it.I wish I had n't picked this bag and basket set-up . I saw the price tags on the clamshell carriers and decided for this alternative , but by the time you add up the bag , the basket , and the 2 step-stools we bought to stow in the back of the vehicle so we could climb up there on motel nights , the prices are comparable . And once you factor in the complete dread we experienced every time we anticipated having to use this bag , the choice for a replacement is clear -- we 're abandoning the basket and going clamshell from now on . -LRB- Anyone in the market for a barely used Rola cargo basket ? -RRB- I think for the price the bag should have lasted longer than 3600 miles . I guess I blame the bad weather for it 's ultimate demise . In truth , I 'm glad it 's gone .
 Zipper detached from the body of the bag as I unzipped prior to first use . Needless to say , I had to run out and purchase a Thule that same day to use for our trip . Would recommend spending the extra money and getting the Thule from the outset .
 This carrier looks great and is easy to install but while I liked the way it looked on the car I was disappointed with the performance and am going to be requesting a full refund from Amazon and/or Rola . First , we drive about 1500 miles on our trip and the first 400 was thru torrential rain . I had followed the installation instructions to a tee and then had my father double check the install . When we arrived at our destination our luggage was soaked inside and out . Some clothes even got ruined because other clothes had bled on them . Luckily we had access to a dryer because if not we would hve had to find a laundromat and spent the whole first day of our trip there.Second , 2 of the straps broke at the flimsy plastic connectors . Actually , I believe one was broken at delivery but I did n't have time to do anything about it . Luckily I had purchased 2 additional straps because I definitely used them.Overall this is a great looking bag but it 's made of inexpensive materials that wo n't hold up under long term use and it IS NOT WEATHERPROOF .
 This is a pretty good looking frame . Chrome plating and art work are quite nice and construction seems solid.One MAJOR problem however - the frame is too small for a standard licence plate . Size seem to be off by about 1/16 inch - maybe a little more . Tried 3 separate plates but to no avail . I ended up returning it to Amazon along with a Honda frame I 'd bought for the wife 's Pilot . Big dissapointment really , but I guess you get what you pay for .
 Door hinge for 3 bucks does a better job . They wont hold in cold weather or bad wind . I would not recomend useing the original product . My orignal cover blew off going down the road because they failed .
 One of the pairs arrived broken . Not the quality you would expect for the price .
 My friend has this and it works great . Unfortunately , it does not work with a Ford Expedition or any vehicle with plastic body moldings at the bottom of the door .
 This thing makes both low and high pitch LOUD noise that just drove me nuts . Yes , it was properly secured . No , I was not going 90 miles per hour . Yes , I was around 60 - 65 mph on highway . Yes , safety is important.I know what some of you guys will say . `` Son , suck it up and live with it for safety '' . NO way . Did we suck it up and endured the British back in the days . No sir , not the American way . I rather take ten crying babies and ten dogs and cats fighting in the back seat over this thing . I am returning this and looking into rear view cameras that I can mount on side of my trailers .
 I hoped to wear these chaps for a Halloween costume and the sticking was falling apart from the start . I am going to have to buy a new set or do a lot of repair to make them last one night . I would NEVER wear these on a motorcycle . If the leather and stitching ca n't hold up to my living room they wont do anything in a crash .
 My wife ordered me these `` chaps '' so I could enjoy the last few days of riding for the year . When they got here , the `` fabric '' -LRB- NOT LEATHER -RRB- had color coming off of it . The seams were also coming apart when I opened the package . I know you get what you pay for , and ca n't expect great chaps for $ 30 , but the chaps should at least be leather if that is what the description said . If anyone is even thinking about ordering these , do n't waste your time , money , or effort . You will just be upset by the `` quality '' -LRB- HA HA HA -RRB- of this item . I hope I saved at least one person from making a very big mistake . VERY DISAPPOINTING !!!!!!!!!!! ALWAYS READ THE REVIEWS !!!!!!!!!!
 I guess you get what you pay for . The buckle is as cheap as they come and the sizing is off.I measured my thighs with jeans on and they were 1/2 '' smaller than the high range of the size I ordered . The chaps came in and they stopped about 3/4 of the way up my thigh . The zipper starts at the bottom so there was no way to get any additional slack . I got the chaps a day before leaving on an extended vacation and did n't try them on until returning home . By that time , my window for returning them had elapsed . I now have chaps that I will only be able to wear if I loose some weight .
 Put simply , so not waste your time and money on this product . Worthless ! Neither the desription or the actual functionality of this item are evn close to what a signal generator should be .
 I bought this for my dad who wanted to use it to sell some cars and wow is all i can say . This thing , whatever it is ... is terrible . I bought two and when they came in the mail , they were stuck together and the backing of one pealed and was glued to the other and Could n't get it out . the one that was good when written on and tried to wipe off , It did n't come off . you can smell the cheap spray paint that was used on this product . Maybe they just rushed the production and did n't wait for the paint to dry . either case It was terrible .
 Seller sent on time , as promised . Unfortunately , the product itself is very cheaply made . It barely fits on my tailgate -LRB- 2009 F150 -RRB- and it 's difficult at best to see anything in the mirror . Maybe worth 5-10 bucks ... definitely not worth $ 30 . Save your money for something else ...
 Item was described as `` can be used with ANY trailer and vehicle '' ... It will NOT fit my 2007 Dodge Ram pickup ... . I have called CIPA_USA 5 times and only a answering machine ... I went to their web site and called the `` 800 '' listed and I got a `` SEX '' line !!!!!!!!!!! IF they are still in business they will NOT answer the phone ... . Now I have a $ 30 piece of `` GARBAGE '' that will cost $ 20 to ship back !!!!!
 This item just did not work for us!First , the directions for putting it together are printed very small and are quite difficult to follow.Second , wonce on our tow vehicle , we spent a great deal of time arranging the mirror for towing . Before we left the drive way , gravety pulled the mirror toward the ground . Repeatedly , we would stop , tighten the screws/bolts , and within a mile we had a good view of the road . Even after our trip , the hour I spent trying to tighten the mirror proved pointless.Needless , to say , we towed out pop-up without extended mirrors . Unfortunately , we can not recommend this mirror for purchase .
 I bought a pair of these ... Dificult to mount , and too light weight to not vibrate wildly even with every boly fully torqued . Vibration at 55 MPH was so bad that the mirrors were useless . Fender mounts place the mirror too far away . I ended up buying door mount mirrors that are much better .
 I recieved my fender mount towing mirrors that fit all vehicles , but do n't . I have a 1996 ford f350 pickup truck , the mirror mounting hardware does not open far enough to mount on my fenders . the hook on the bottom will not fit my fender openings i will have to modify the lip of my fender and the shape of the bottom hook on the mirror hardware.it will take a good bit of work to make these mirrors fit my truck
 Pulley was not right for my vehicle . I was able to return , but had to pay for freight both ways .
 In a word - Pathetic - Buyer Beware ! I bought a pair of these convenient strap on CIPA towing mirrors , for my 2007 Lincoln LT pick up , which came from the Factory with Ford F150 Remote Control Mirrors . I was told by the store , that they would fit my Ford Mirrors , just snap on and adjust the rubber straps for a snug fit.Then the big day came , hooked onto the camper and pulled out of Florida to Mobile , Alabama . Just a short haul . From there it went downhill fast ! They do not fully adjust up and to the Left on the Driver side nor do they adjust fully up and to the right on the passenger side , to allow you to see beyond the width of the camper . I could not see anything on either side that would be passing my camper . I never once got over 60mph , and I stayed in the right lane as much as possible , since I did not have a clear view of anything that may have been beside me.I still could not see anything beyond the camper width , in these mirrors after 20 min adjusting than what I could see with my Ford factory mirrors . The CIPA mirrors shook , they vibrated , they danced so bad you could not see anything . They shook so bad , even with the straps snug , that they broke the adjusting gears in both of my Ford Mirrors . I had Factory electric adjustable , turn signal mirrors , but not anymore , because from the CIPA mirrors constant vibration , my factory mirrors snapped and popped and would no longer adjust and stay in position . I Had to pay $ 350 for new replacement mirrors from the Ford Dealership . Thank you very much CIPA.I did return the pair of CIPA towing mirrors as soon as I got home , and got my $ 50 back , but a small consolation for the damage they did to my $ 350 Ford Remote Controlled Pick Up Mirrors.If you have a little car with little-bitty oval mirrors from the 70 's , the Cipa towing mirrors may be fine . But on the newer Square shape truck mirrors , they dance to the wind . Buyer Beware ! There may be fine quality strap on towing mirrors out there , but with my experience and paid receipts I can honestly say , they could cost you a lot later on , in collateral damages .
 These work great on the short term but by second season pulling my trailer the rubber straps were shot . I made my own and the mirrors can still be used . At current sale price they are probably worth the money but be prepared to modify the straps or throw them away in a year or so
 HAD IT ALL OF FIVE MINS . WHILE INSTALLING IT ON MY TRUCK THE CHEAP ADJUSTABLE CLIP BROKE . WHN I PICKED IT UP OFF DRIVE WAY PLASTIC TAB WAS SO THIN . ITS FRI. . NIGHT OF PRES. DAY WEEKEND AND I HAV THREE DAYS OF HAULING MY TOYHAULER WITH NO ADD A MIRROR . DO NOT BUY . CAN NOT BELIEVE I WAITED A WEEK FOR IT TO GET HERE .
 Quality and construction were not an issue as these appear to be well made . They are the only mirrors listed specifically as fitting the Dodge Dakota with the 5 X 7 sport mirror . Essentially these added nothing to the viewable area so what I need to see , the area behind the trailer , I still could not see . The fit was great and it was easy to clip them , but the factory Dodge mirrors do n't stick out far enough from the truck to make these useful .
 The mirror was purchased to make it safer to tow a travel trailer . Although it does clip onto the exterior mirror of my 2002 Silverado pickup , the plastic hooks interfere with the normal operation of the stock mirror . I found it difficult to install , and hard to adjust . One of the problems with the `` one size fit 's all '' concept I suppose .
 I bought a pair and returned them after a 1000 mile trip : Problems :1 . The clips can get in the way of the truck mirror . Only one can work at a time , the clip mirror or the truck mirror .2 . Begin to shake at 45 Mph . The mirror image becomes blurred . Also the wind can change the angle that you set when the truck is not moving .
 The cushion pads would not stick to the unit on mine . It took two people to mount due to the pads . Once we got on the road it lasted on my car all of 10 miles before I had enough and removed it . The wind whistles through it and makes a dual-tone sound that reminds me of a train whistle . Seriously , it 's loud ! The mirror also vibrates a lot making it hard to see . It 's the glass itself that 's vibrating , not the whole unit , so it does n't matter how securely you get it mounted . Also scratched the mirror housing on my car !
 I 've install these on both a 09 Tacoma and a 04 F-150 . Did n't have too much trouble adjusting them on the Tacoma . I did have a little trouble mounting them at the correct angle so that they were actually useful . After that they worked ok . Put them on the Ford and it mounted a little easier . But on my last trip I was having troubles adjusting it to the right angle . While trying to adjust it , it was like there was a dead spot in it . The view too high . Try to lower it a bit then it would go too low . It acted like it was sticking and then it would almost `` click '' to the next spot which was way too low . After trying time and time again to adjust it the mirror finally just fell out and cracked into pieces . It snapped back into place but it 's now a mirrored spiderweb . So that was the icing on the cake . Going to go find something better . These looks nice but lesson learned . Do n't buy on looks , buy on quality !
 The `` idea '' itself is good!Unfortunately , the mirrors do not extend out far enough for an 8 foot travel trailer ; the mirrors are too small to see anything ; the mirrors vibrate and sag while driving no matter how much you tighten them and you get wind whistle from the `` design '' of the mirror while driving over 40 mph!Sorry to say , I am not very happy with the mirrors for my 2008 Toyota Tacoma and I was hoping that this would solve my problem!Mike T.
 I needed new towing mirrors for my 2007 Chevy Tahoe , and the CIPA slide-over mirror was not availble for the 2007 model with the lights in the mirrors . So , the Universal Towing mirror was the best viable alternative , I thought . IT works OK , but the way the mirror mounts places it on the back-side of the installed side mirrors , making the CIPA mirrors hard to see well . They get obstructed from Tahoe 's own mirrors . Also , the mirrors fall easily -- luckily it happened when I was parked , and the mirror did n't break . All in all , it the best they currently have availble .
 The idea and design is great . These mirrors look good and are aerodynamic.But ; they are way too small to be able to see anything . The regular mirrors on my GX470 works better . Also , the mirrors tend to sag over time as you drive because of vibrations.I returned my mirrors and am on the lookout for some which are larger .
 The clips that hook on to the vehicle mirror snapped/broke off after just the second time we used them . We are n't frequent campers so it was outside of the return policy .
 These mirrors are not worth the money . Difficult to adjust and will not stay in place . Have used them four times in 2 months and the rubber suction cups on the feet are cracking and breaking . I normally do not throw things away if I think I might have a use for them or their parts in the future . I threw these away .
 I received this item and when I opened it , there were mud splatters on it and there were dried bugs on the outside ! The metal clips are missing and the rubber feet are worn . Unbelievable ! When I inspected the box , it was clear that it was repacked and taped up.I am sure the mirror would work great if I could mount it , and I would give it some stars in the rating . But since I ca n't even mount it , I have to give it and AMAZON a big ZERO for restocking a used , returned item and selling it as `` new '' . Unfortunately I ca n't post this unless I give it at least ONE star - but they do n't deserve it . BEWARE !
 Product looked good , however , most reviews `` are '' accurate ! Product looks great , but not functional ! Mirror only adjusts in and out , not up and down . This means it MUST be postioned with the adjusting legs for the proper elevation to see the back of the trailer -LRB- as compared to the ground or sky -RRB- . And then it MUST be in the exact same position each time it 's installed , for the same view . As for the `` none slip pads '' , do n't believe it ! Tightened the strap tightener with a wrench 'cause the handle for the tenchenor is too close to the mirror to get a good grip . Tightened to the point I thought it was going to break , and it still dropped lower as I drove around the block for the first time , as a trial run . Tightening the unit this tight , also caused the mirror housing to flex far enough to be concern as to weather it would break ! To pop out the handle after such tightening , to loosen the straps , almost was necessary to pry the knob away from the base ! Mirror viewing is minimal at best . If you do purchase this , anticipate buying the additional convex mirrors . Vibration was minimal at 35mph . Manufacture should sell product with convex mirrors as standard equipment , and more importantly , find a true `` non-slip '' product for the feet , maybe suction cups would be best ? The `` feet '' should also be spaced further apart between the single back one and the two fronts . This would allow for a much more stable a secure product .
 We were always having to adjust these mirrors . They constantly come loose ... until one finally went flying off onto the road and got smashed under our travel trailers wheels . Wo n't be getting the same thing as a replacement .
 These mirrors would not stay in place.they needed adjustment several times a day.I would not recommend these mirrors to anyone.C WagnerMinnesota
 Although the concept is good , there are some serious flaws with this product . I would definitely not purchase it again .1 . The mirror is too small to be used at highway speed . The vibration in the mirror makes it very difficult to use when changing lanes .2 . The suction cups slip very easily on the car mirror base , especially in the rain .3 . The mirror itself fell out of the base while adjusting it after only 2 months of use .
 These mirrors wo n't fit a 2008 Ford Expedition -LRB- Eddie Bauer -RRB- with turn signals . Although the two outboard feet are adjustable , the Expedition mirror housing is too curved to get a good purchase . Also , the bottom lip near the turn signal is too shallow for the CIPA clip to get a good grip and it will bend under tension .
 The mirrors do n't stay in place no matter how tight you adjust them . They do n't stay adjusted so you can see .
 I have used this mirror for several years . Now the three rubber cups and the two hold down clips are getting old . A search of the internet and an e-mail to the company
 Good quality product but does not fasten securely to my 4rnr mirror . Even with duct tape , it would not maintain a usable position .
 Followed instructions and installed as directed . First trip down the road and they fell off and broke . A friend had the same pair - he put them on his truck one night and the next morning they were laying on the ground . They fell off without any driving !
 When I bought these I had high hopes that they would be in great condition , but when they arrived , one of the mirrors was loose from the holder and had to be glued back on , on the other one , the section cups that hold it to the mirror of the truck were missing , an these were supposed to be new in the box , frist time I used this website to get something an it will probably be the last too !
 Not bad for the price . I used these mirrors for a few months & they did serve thier purpose . My biggest complaint would be the vibration while driving making the viewing area hard to see . A bit scary while changing lanes on the interstate pulling a 30 ' travel trailer . I ended up purchasing the slide on CIPA mirrors that were made specifically for my vehicle wich are much better .
 Mirrors will not stay on and are bulky . Mirrors sold as universal but would not fit on a 2010 Dodge Ram 1500 .
 The mirrors worked well for half my first trip ... after that they started to sag . The mirrors are about half the size of my tacoma 's mirrors , so , they work but have a limited field of view . After 5 trips on these mirrors , the adjusting belts gave way when I tried to tighten them down . I will not be buying these again .
 The rubber feet fell off and scratched mirror . Sagged down during use . Not good for use un ford sport trac .
 Nice idea but cheaply made . The clips that hold the mirror on broke on the first trip out . I returned them and am looking for a more durable solution .
 Product seemed to work fine for about 8 months but I mistakenly thought it would be a good idea to update the software online since I was having trouble printing reports . Then it just crashed.I called the company and got a lot of b.s. from people who clearly do n't use their product . The first guy tried to blame windows 7 , then when I told him I still have the XP machine I originally used to load their pitifully inadequate software he said I needed to talk to a software guy . The software guy said it was a known issue with this device that if you try to update the tool is `` fried '' and the only fix is to send it to them.I may send it to them but at the moment I have a car problem so I will go out today and try to find a replacement , preferably from a different manufacturer.It is apparently too much to ask for this company to put something on their website as a warning before a customer downloads what SHOULD be a working update . Or at least take down the update . As a sales strategy it does not work for me .
 I purchased this scanner and installed the software on my computer and was unable to download the latest updates . I tried contacting Actron support and after 2 days of not being able to talk to a representative I gave up and returned the item .
 To retrieve codes and view limited live data this unit seems to work fine ... But from my experience , beware that this tool does n't let you see all the live data that is available from your car.My check-engine-light fault suggested I look at the voltage of the bank-1 , sensor-1 O2 -LRB- air/fuel -RRB- sensor . Working from the official Toyota Tacoma diagnostic documentation , it clearly states that this sensor 's live-data can be viewed on an OBD-II scan tool ; The description of the CP9180 talks about its ability to read live OBD-II data -LRB- thats why I selected this model , did n't want the extra of live-graphing but wanted to be able to record live sensor data etc. -RRB- . But it does n't let you see _ all _ the available data channels , sure I can watch live data from some of the available sensors/systems , but I ca n't get data from the O2 B1S1 sensor even though that truck does make this data available via the OBD-II port.I contacted Actron support , the first response was that they can only display the available OBD-II data so clearly the sensor I wanted is n't being output.I responded citing the Toyota documentation that this sensor data is available via OBD-II and only then Actron responsed that the I would need to buy the CP9185 to see additional sensor channels that are not supported by the CP9180!So beware , the product comparison grid would have you believe the CP9180 is a full-function drivechain OBD-II live data viewer and only if you additionally want real-time graphing you 'd need the CP9185 . But I have email from Actron support now telling me I need the CP9185 to even see certain live data.In many ways thats fine , let a manufacturer have a series of products with increasing features at increasing price-points . What irritates me is that as a consumer I can see no way from the Actron marketing/spec material that I could have known , before purchasing , that the CP9180 was so much less than the CP9185 ; that it would n't do the job I needed it to do . From their comparison grid and the product numbering it sure seems like the difference from 9180 to 9185 is just the addition of real-time graphing , but from the manufacturers support the difference is much more -LRB- then again I do n't have a 9185 to try on my '01 Tacoma so I ca n't be sure that unit would read and display the available data channel either -RRB- . I followed-up on the support reply I had gotten , questioning their product descriptions , questioning how their customers are to know which unit will have the functionality required , and asking if they would work with me to upgrade/trade-in my 9180 upto a 9185 given that was the functionality I need . I have received no further emails.I 'm very unhappy . Actron is now on my do not recommend and do not buy lists.To others I say beware , you may not be getting what the product description leads you to reasonably expect from the tool .
 Scanner works fine , downloaded error code , cleared code , and triggered recording on code just fine . Then I tried to get the recording off on to my PC.The PC software is half-finished and barely working.A -RRB- . USB drivers do n't install unless you install them manually.B -RRB- . PC software has only 2 features , update firmware and print data . Since the last firmware release was in 6/8/2007 , it is safe to assume Actron is not updating their firmware , so that means the PC software has only ONE piece of functionality
 I bought this scanner because of the ABS feature . It will not scan the ABS on my 1996 Chevy truck .
 I 've tried a dozen times to download this and update the scan tool , it is now frozen in Progran Mode , after a week i called customer service the first thing he said was not compatible , i asked why they dont say that up front and he said i can still use it but will not be able to use my pc with it ... then why did i waste my money gettin a more expensive model so i could use my pc ??? now i have to send it back to amazon at my expense and order a different brand , you would think actron could make it compatible with vista since since XP is 2 years old
 Purchased this expecting reviews to be accurate ... they are NOT . The scanner seems to read car ok but the software on cd does not connect device to print . After downloading latest Ver 3 fron Actron website , it does even less ! Took a half an hour to download , another 12 min to reload software in scanner . I have not seen such poorly written software in many years . I 've worked with PCs for more than 20 years and this is the worst I 've seen .
 This product was obsolete 5 months after I bought it . To make matters worse , Actron has taken , and is not taking , any intitiative to make it 's products compatible with Vista . Due to the poor customer service `` do n't care '' attitude I got from the company representatives , I recommend that your money is better spent on another brand .
 Excellent product , easy to use , prompt use thru each step . Performed as described . I recommend purchase .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 This mirror looks good and it matched the mirror on my Chevy El Camino . It was easy to install . It was inexpensive . So much for its good points ! Installed on the passenger side of an automobile , the distortion rivals most amusement park fun house mirrors . Unbelieveable ! It might function properly on the driver 's side of the car but on the passenger side ... no way !
 From the look of the picture you think you are getting the entire tail gate handle and lock . This is not the case , you are only getting the locking devise !! I could have purchased the locking devise for about half of the cost of Pop & Lock !!!!!! So look for a better priced item , that does the same job for hale the money .
 I entered information for make , model and year of truck , link stated it would fit our truck , but when the item arrived it did n't fit at all , had to return
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Do Not Buy . I got these headers thinking they would fit my truck . They were made to fit . One side went fine . I spent 6 hours modifying the other side to fit . Spend the extra money to get a better brand . I 've put in headers before and these were by far the worst quality i 've ever seen . I only kept them because of time and it 's my mud truck .
 This sets meets the typical viewing standards , however , if you look at it closely you can see that at the core the disc is the weak part in the way it is manufactured . There are only three springs and if that is n't enough to degrade the performance , at the ends of each spring the is a piece of plastic used for absorbing the shock transfer . I would not recommend this product and am already having problems with it . I do n'tthat driving with it ; thinking it is going through a brake in process will do any good . It is just a poorly manufactured disc . I now have to order another clutch assembly and go throught the erplacement process again . As if it were n't enough of a pain to do it the first time . What a disappointment .
 I was terribly dissapointed when I received these mirrors , I was not expecting a cheap plastic mirror , there was no description as to the material , my fault was to asume they where metal .
 These mirrors are plastic and are not worth putting on any vehicle . There was no indication of the material that they were fabricated from in the item description .
 I owned this alarm in my Buick car for several years . Well , I went on a long trip about 200 miles from my house . When we were ready to leave and go home , this security system would n't let us in ! The system kept shutting off my engine and locking the doors . We ended up having to pay for AAA to tow the car home while we rode home in a tow truck -- completely embarrassing . Needless to say , we had the system uninstalled the next morning.To top it off , the remotes are cheaply made and fall apart after just a few weeks of use -- and are next to impossible to replace . Stay away !
 When I first saw this item , I was excited as it had both AC and DC capabilities and came from a name I once trusted , Audiovox . Shortly after purchasing , it became clear that this would pop out of my DC power port every time I hit a bump or pothole . That was annoying , but wedging something below it seemed to hold it in place . Then , the fan failed in the unit and the rest was history . These things get very hot without a fan to cool them , and the smell of burning became a common occurrence when using this appliance on the road . It would function OK until it became so hot -LRB- and I mean BURNING hot -RRB- that you had to unplug it . There are no user serviceable parts in this and I ca n't find any support anywhere on the web that might suggest how to replace the fan or a fuse for the fan or whatever small component might keep this in operation . Do n't bother buying it .
 This timing light is a sorry piece of ... . It ordered it with great expectations only to be disappointed . It arrived DOA with NO batteries . The instuction manual says it had batteries already installed . When I did install the batteries , it takes 6 AAA size , I found the battery holder held together with an `` O '' ring and the whole battery pack connected to the instrument , I 'm being kind here , with wire nuts . I figured it was not my job to trouble shoot this item so I sent it back . MDS tech support was busy assisting other customers so they were not able to respond in less than 48 hours . I could tell they are sorry for any inconveniece they might have caused meIf it did work I would only think this item would be worth $ 50 at the most . It is light weight plastic and does not project the feel of a $ 200 plus tool . Save your money on this item .
 Did n't ship with any hardware , but then again , most marine products do n't . I 'd recommend making sure you have a solid through-bolt to secure them , they are a little flimsy and a self tapping screw will strip out .
 This is the same unit as the Black & Decker Pocket Power.Very hit and miss if you will get a good one.More junk from China by Vector.The battery 's sit in these so long most are bad by the time you buy one .
 what the seller has labeled as a pump is a filter for a pump , I paid $ 32 after shipping thinking I was getting a deal ... what I got was a $ 2 junk part this company is calling a remanufactured pump.Nowhere in the product name does the word filter show up , but the model # is there .
 If you do an internet search for Cardone 20-FLT1 you will find this is a filter , and a generic , `` can fit '' filter at that . Listing this part as a `` pump '' is false advertising , and I would advise everyone to check carefully what they are getting if looking at any of this seller 's other listings .
 You ad at first showed a power steering pump for a 1963 Ford Galaxie 500 priced at $ 1.69 when I placed the order , but after you completed my order and sent me the confermation e-mail well then the picture in the ad changed and now it showed a picture of a filter . that is very bad advertizing and I feal like I have been scammed . I will never forget this . Thanks From Roy Maricle
 I thought i found a deal , but just like anything that sounds or looks to good to be true so was this deal . I almost ordered what i read in the description was a pump actually turned out to be a filter . The add clearly states pump but deceptively sells you a filter . Scam , bait and switch . Be careful with this seller . I 'm glad i read the reviews prior to ordering .
 I would not recommend this product because with the style of Lexus the windows are automatic so when it senses something is close to the top of the window it automatically stops and goes back down . It also does not fit inside the windows very well .
 This review has two ratings . First , Coverking products do fit well and feel wonderful . Readjusted them once already , may have to continue that . They do n't seem to stay put very well . Maybe a piece of that non-slip stuff used under rugs will work . Now the second part , less complimentary . Their web site does say that '' ... include everything that is needed -- ... console covers ... '' . That is where this company is advertising falsely and incorrectly . I ordered these because my leather front console is peeling . It was not included in the order and , as dealt with by the wonderful people at Autobarn -LRB- ***** 5 star rating for their efforts -RRB- , I have been informed that the console covers are ONLY for consoles that fold up into a seat . This is not so stated on the Coverking website . I may return these as I am dissatisfied at the remaining `` bad '' leather in my car , although the seat looks much better now . Maybe I should have used an actual store .
 In theory this thing would work . However , everytime I have tried to use it the thing blows apart . Had to add a couple of hose clamps just to keep the thing together under any sort of pressure . So far have not had a chance to use it since the addition of the clamps .
 We plan on hitting the state parks , etc. with our 5th wheel trailer and this item looked nice and handy for that adventure . I place the order , shipping was quick as always , and then it arrives . I pick it up and flip it over . It has the California prop 65 lead warning . That is not acceptable for something that is for use with drinking water . I 'm going to try to find the competing product -LRB- Water Thief -RRB- and see if it has the same issue .
 I would n't have ordered if the description had specified that the Water Bandit can be used ONLY on a faucet and hose that are completely unrestricted . The Water Bandit does n't seem to work if the hose is attached to a nozzle or a sprinkler . For my needs , the Water Bandit is useless . Someone who needs only a free-flowing hose may like it very well .
 If you love slapstick comedy - this ` adapter ' is for you ! No end to the humor as you try and try again to thread the rubber end on ` properly ' so it does n't spray in every direction . If it 's not a hot day , make sure you have your partner at the adapter end while you man the spigot because somebody is going to get REALLY wet ! The hilarity and screaming -LRB- AHGGGHH ! TURN IT OFF ! NO ! TURN IT ON !!! -RRB- are LOADS of fun - but NOTHING compares to the surprise you 'll get if you actually thread a spray nozzle onto the brass threads of the adapter and turn on the hose ! LIFT-OFF ! I think ours went airborne for a solid 7 seconds!I give this product 1 star for it 's advertised use - but 10 out of 10 as a redneck water park event !!!! Good times ...
 This `` kit '' is just some putty tape and some screws ... not worth the cost.It would have been just as simple to install with silicone caulk .
 The StreetGlow 's lightis inadequate for map or book reading . I purchased one , and it was a complete mistake . I assumed that that it would emit enough light to read a map as that is how it was described . It yielded less light than a keychain light .
 The seat covers are nothing like the picture . they are baggy in all dimensions and can not be tightened . even the headrest covers have an extra 1/2 '' play . They are about as attractive as a Russian suit .
 Do n't waste your time or money on this bag , the description states that the bag is made of heavy leather ... it 's not . The bag is constructed of lightweight leather and cheezy , I plan to return it today .
 The bag is not hard as its written , and the leather material SUX and not like the description.Its not that bad but I thought the leather will look better than this
 The flexible arm is too short to extend beyond your 12v plug and the lighting is not bright enough to cast sufficient light to read a map unless you place the map directly underneath the light within a few inches . However , the light does provide a nice orange glow and the price is very inexpensive .
 I chose this gauge because it was small and would be easily available to keep on my key chain.When I went to test the pressure in my tires with this gauge getting a reading was a problem.The larger gauge from Accutire works great , this smaller version was not a good choice .
 It is so portable and and the pressure measures are very good for the value I paid .
 I ordered 5 of these as Christmas gifts -- four to give away and one to keep for myself . I am very thankful that I decided to try the keeper before giving out the remainder . I found the guage to be of very poor quality . It was very difficult to create a good seal around the tire valve stem without substantial leakage . Consequently , I could never get an accurate pressure reading . I returned all five to Amazon.Hopefully someone will recommend a good alternative , even if its priced a bit more . It would also be nice to have a light on the dial come on for a few -LRB- 10-15 ? -RRB- seconds after obtaining a reading . This would be very helpful at night or in a dark garage .
 Notice that Amazon says this is a discontinued item ? Mine was non-operational out of the box . The error code displayed on the unit indicates the `` lifetime '' lithium power cell is depleted . Looks like it 's been sitting around in a warehouse for quite some time and they are now getting unloaded on Amazon . Beware .
 of the five guages i bght , each and every one has died ! they worked good for several times , but after a month of maybe 6 uses each , each passed on to wherever cheap products go to . wasted my money ...
 Product was originally specified as a fog lamp . Thought the description was less than accurate . Durable package . This item was before its time .
 The image misleads and much as the title
 These came with a broken stand and you cant have them work unless you have a cigerate lighter freed up in your car . They suck .
 These lights are the smallest lights , I honestly thought they needed to be decribed better !! Ther are small led lights for vehicles or for show ... Definitely not what I neede5d them for !
 I bought this cover for my cargo trailer which needed a new one . Line 3 of the description suggests it will fit all 14x14 vents . It 's a cargo trailer and I have no idea what model vent it might have . Does anyone ? Upon further investigation I found that I more than likely need unit # 40158 instead of # 40152 . Since it is n't pricey enough to return , perhaps I can make a lamp out of it . My fault though , I should have been more diligent in my search . If you need one of these covers , make sure you get the right hinge type .
 The V8 powered mustangs from 94-95 had 5.0 L engines in them . The 4.6 L powered mustangs started in ' 96 .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Oxy sensor in wrong place . Had to return it in favor of another brand , adding time until I can drive my car again . > : -LRB-
 This was a very disappointing product . Worked great on day 1 , but the next day the trigger failed completely . I had to take apart the trigger and make it permanently `` on '' . I control it now with the air supply . A decent idea , but lousy quality control in manufacturing drops it to a single star .
 I purchased this controller to use with my Streetglow ANSV2 white strobes . The controller is very small , includes 5 wire leads with plugs that make installation easy . This controller does exactly what it says and will flash your strobes in several different patterns . Unfortunately many of the flash patterns are so fast that the strobes do not have enough time to recharge between flashes and they do not fire in the correct sequence . There is no speed adjustment so when used with Streetglow 's strobes this controller receives a FAIL . If you were to use this controller with LED based strobes it would work correctly . Very dissapointed that Streetglow sells this product with such an obvious issue when using their strobes .
 Why do n't they just sell the check valve by itself ? That 's all I needed to replace . Why the bracket ?? Just use the one that 's already on the vehicle !! It 's much more labor intensive to replace this whole valve assembly rather than just the check vave . And they should sell the exhaust pipe separately too , for the same reason.Thank you,G-FORCE
 I installed one of these on a '68 GMC after the mechanical pump went out . It worked fine for 6 years plus , then quit cold without warning ; I 'd call that an OK lifespan but not great . Unfortunately that was only true of the 2002 model ; the next two I bought failed in 6 months or less . I took one apart post mortem ; an internal checkvalve seemed to have come apart . I have n't decided yet whether to take the other failed Delco apart after I get it off , but its replacement wo n't be another Delco.I had my first EP12S mounted in the engine compartment where it was easy to work with -LRB- the instructions did n't say not to -RRB- . It did n't seem to lose prime in any weather . The instructions for all recent-production pumps that I 've tried , though , say they have to be mounted low down near the gas tank and wo n't handle more than 12 '' of lift . Sure enough , when I pushed my luck and installed the first new Delco where the old one had been , it was prone to vapor-locking and losing prime in warm weather until I moved it down below . Where did the 2002 technology disappear to -- or was I just lucky?As another reviewer said , the picture is wrong -LRB- and has been for at least the past year -RRB- .
 After looking on the Delco website and checking the listing for this pump I bought it to install on my 78 GMC 454 truck . Being an inline pump , installation is as easy as it gets , and I also installed an inline filter just before this pump . My first test drive was a let down because the engine hesitated and cut out several times over the course of 20 minutes . Back at home , I pulled the fuel line and found that the pump was only dribbling gas . I replaced it with a Carter pump and all is good now . It could be that I received a defective pump , not sure , but I was n't taking any chances with a replacement Delco.Also , the pump photo on Amazon is not correct . The EP12S has one 3/8 '' nipple on each end and has + and - leads for hookup .
 I purchased this product for my Arctic Cat ZR 580 snowmobile . I must say it feels and looks like a high quality product . The vinyl is heavy duty and the seams are stiched with high quality upholstery thread . I was not as happy with the fit on my seat . It took a lot of heating and stretching -LRB- about 3 inches worth -RRB- to get it to fit at all and there is still a bit of seat foam showing near the front . I had already ordered a seat cover for my other snowmobile prior to installing this one , hopefully it fits better ...
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 The compressor had obviously been used as the styrofoam packing in the box had been damaged and the compressor was n't packed neatly . Also , there was a damage on one of the mounting brackets . Next , the valve would n't fit a standard tire schrader valve ; I had to make some adjustments to make it fit my tire valve . Also , the hose leaked at the compressor end . Finally , the thing stopped working after less than two months so I had to purchase a different compressor .
 Yet another example of Wagan Corp. making false claims about products thatca n't deliver . I bought this product based on Wagan 's claim that `` It inflates one 16 '' car tire in only 90 seconds '' . First off in my opinionthis unit was used , not new.There was grime -LRB- not grease -RRB- all over the base . The box also looked worn . Second , this compressor would have a hard time filling a bike tire in 90 seconds . I tried to fill a partially deflated 16 '' tire and ten minutes later the unit was red hot and still was n't close to being finished . If you want to inflate a beach toy or a basketball this unit would probably do the trick . A car tire ? Forget it . Do n't take my word , look at reviews of Wagan 's other products .
 save yourself some pain and just never buy from this company , damaged box , damaged product , and they do all they can to avoid any responsibility for what they sell .
 After receive this compressor , I did a test and found that it was not for my cars . The one page instruction was printed in two foreign languages . I had to go to Wagan web side to find English instructions.Even this product claimed the maximum current is 14A , it burned my car 's 15A fuse on the second time I switched it on . I put in a 20A fuse , and tried it again , the pump did not start . After disconnect tire , switched it on , it started . I did more tests , and found that if it was connected to the tire , and air pipe had some pressure in it , it might not start . This is definitely not `` Heavy Duty '' ! Since both of my cars use 15A fuses , and it appears not working reliable , I made my decision to return this pump . I have shopped with AMAZON for more than 10 years . This is the first product I returned.Update on September 16 , 2010 : I got a feedback on my review from BT -LRB- see Comments bellow -RRB- . BT had the same problem sometimes . This implies that the problem may have broader base . According to BT 's suggestion , if your car has a 12V sockets that connects with car 's battery directly , you should use that socket . If your car only have a cig lighter as a 12V power souse for this pump , I suggest you to change your car 's fuse with a bigger one -LRB- making sure it does not violate your car 's warranty -RRB- . These solutions will help to avoid burning your car 's fuse . However , the pump failing to start problem still exists.As on this update written today , the product is still labeled as `` Heavy Duty '' ; and product description says
 It was my very first time to use this supposedly brand new air compressor -LRB- yesterday , Saturday afternoon -RRB- since I received it about two months ago . I was extremely disappointed , the compressor looked brand new but , defective . It took me awhile before I even got to start it . It just wo n't start . I was still able to use it twice but , when I was about to add some more air to my car 's tire , it just wo n't start anymore . It 's a piece of junk !!! I am sorry but , this is very true . I do n't even know how this air compressor passed the quality control ... . Not recommended ... : -LRB-
 This Tire Inflator Compressor is the worst one that I have ever Purchased . Do not Purchase this Compressor if You want something that will last . I very rarely use it and after a few uses it did not have Pressure . My brother found that the inflator hose had melted and was leaking . We cut it and reattached the hose and it worked for a few more times . The hose melted again and now there is no pressure , so the problem is not just the hose this time . I am purchasing a new inflator and hoping that the Viair 85P will last longer .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 This thermostat is listed here and on Motorad 's website as fitting a 1993 Geo Storm GSI with a 1.8 liter engine , but the flange is too small and will not fit into the thermostat housing . I gave it two stars because it opened up when tested in a pot of boiling water .
 For some reason Amazon never shipped the two items I bought , and for some reason I did n't even could make an A to Z guaranteed or something . I feel swindled ...
 I bought these lights for my skidloader as I do alot of work near or on the highway with snow removal . They are plenty bright but you do have to drill holes in the loader to screw to the machine and they are very small which I had overlooked the size measurements when I ordered them . I would not order them again if I had looked at the size .
 I bought two of these and both fell apart after being exposed to the elements after one season . I simply made my own using the same idea out of materials that would last , those are still holding up fine ! Skip this item , either make your own or buy another brand .
 This rv mat could possibly work good for some but my rv steps are 24 '' long and this was too small . Also the material is cheap and thin . It uses springs to attach underneath and those should work fine -LRB- I 've used those types before -RRB- . It 's very easy to instal . However I removed it and purchased a different brand that I really like that fits . Threw this one away .
 I just bought a can of Gumout Carb + Choke Cleaner Jet Spray and they cheaped it out . First they made it smaller , now it is only 14 oz instead of 16 oz . They say it is a `` new stronger formula '' to justify this I guess . But it seems the same to me , it 's just a solvent in a can . Also now they do not include a straw to spray through . It says `` new power nozzle - no straw needed '' . Well they are wrong , it still needs a straw . What are they thinking - cleaning carbs without the straw - seriously ? Next time I will buy a different brand , they are all very close to the same solvents - no miracles by brand name in carb cleaners .
 It probably `` works '' fine , but the spray stream is n't well-controlled . It gets on your hand and is so strong that it bounces back out of what ever you spray it on -- you might want to use rubber -LRB- ? -RRB- gloves , wear eye protection , and keep your mouth closed . Or just try a different brand -- hopefully it wo n't have this problem -LRB- or maybe they all do , for all I know -RRB- .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 I paid a premium price for these floor mats , and I am not at all impressed .1 . No hole for the factory anti-skid hook2 . No &#34; spikes &#34; on the bottom to keep them in place3 . Color is totally off4 . fit is just barely close -LRB- ordered custom fit floor mats -RRB- I paid over $ 100 for these floor mats and expected much better . I am totally unimpressed by these extremely expensive floor mats . Take a look at the list above and you can see why . I really feel ripped off . My worn out mats stayed in place when you entered/exited the vehicle , even when you vacuumed . Not these , they do n't even sit flat , let alone fit the floor pans.These are thick floor mats , they appear well made . That 's it . Should you want to put them at your front door I 'm sure you will get compliments . Not in my Eddie Bauer Explorer . Not even close . Live and learn .
 Nissan Quest 2002 rear shock absorber uses a ring on top and ring on the buttom , not stud and ring . check your vehicle before placing order to avoid returns ... KYB 565065 MonoMax Heavy Duty Monotube Shock
 I never received this item from the seller . It was allegedly delivered to my home over one month ago , although I never received it . After numerous e-mails , the company still will not refund my money . I will not purchase from them ever again .
 Ordered on 8/14/2011 and was promised it would be here by 9/01/2011 . This was to be birthday gift . Received a message from amazon on 8/31 that the product has not been sent . Called to find out whats going on , the lady that I spoke with said I would not receive it by the birthday and as a matter of fact it was not gon na be sent until 7 days after the birthday . That means it took them 25 days to send the product '' not receive '' send . I ask the '' lady '' if there is anyone that I could speak with to speed this up , and she said -LRB- what makes you think that you are anymore important than the 1000 's that are also waiting for their stuff -RRB- . PLEASE DO NOT USE SPORTSMAN GUILD . The product may be great , I would n't know , have n't got it yet .
 This remote is nice when it 's new but breaks easily . I am on my third remote . The screen broke on the first one and , although it still worked , I could not see any of the information . The second one transmits but does not receive . I take pretty good care of the remotes so they should not break so easily . They should make a more rugged version . Luckily my business pays for the replacements or I might be a little more upset .
 Have owned over 4 , FOUR viper remotes now . Each one cracks , falls apart and quits working in some way after several months . I have used stock car keyless entry remotes in the past without a single problem ... But it seems that EVERY REMOTE I purchase for my Viper Alarm breaks someway , somehow within a couple of months . The solder joints are weak , the PCB boards are thin , the plastic is brittle and you 'll end up spending more on remotes than you will with the acutal alarm and install.I 'm angry - I 've tried every variety of remote that is compatible with my system and they all end up the same way
 All I have to say is it sucks ! I have bought two of the 479V remotes and they have both crapped out on me . Not to mention , I tried calling Viper Alarm systems and their customer service sucks because they wo n't even return your calls . They do n't insure their remotes either . The new remotes are around $ 100.00 and it 's a waiste of money ... DO N'T BUY THEIR CAR ALARM SYSTEMS ! ... it will just keep breaking on you .
 My wife dropped the original remote and it quite working . It turns out there are PCB 's inside and one surface mount connector to the other board came loose so I resoldered it and it worked for a little while , probably until the next time she dropped it.I bought the updated remote and one drop was all it took to disable the receive part of it also . Could not find the problem this time . It still transmitted , but eventually quit transmitting after the alarm was on . I unlocked the truck manually and every time someone opened or closed a door the alarm would go off and I could not start the truck . I messed with it -LRB- while in the parking lot of an amusment park -RRB- for a long time and evetually got it to stop , probably by entering valet mode , I 'm not sure.Don ' t waste your money on another $ 100 remote . I am shopping for a remote that is transmit only without the LCD . Should be more reliable . My suggestion is to buy a system that comes with 2 remotes
 I couldnt ever get it to program right . . big waste of my money . . never again . . ended up having to disable whole alarm system
 The purpose of this inverter is to provide AC power from a battery when the power goes out . I purchased this on August 15 , 2011 . Came in a week so I hooked it up to my 300 amp-hr battery and Samlux 30 amp charger . Worked fine . So comes the hurricane this weekend . We lost power due to Hurricane Irene . The inverter failed to invert on the first opportunity for it to do what it is made to do . So I asked for a replacement given infant failure . Was told that `` We are sorry to hear that the unit was damaged due to Hurricane Irene . Please see the warranty policy indicated on the invoice included on the order . The damage due to nature disaster is excluded on the regular warranty . '' Seems to me that a product designed to work in a natural disaster should be warranted to work in a natural disaster.Regards , tom
 My cop husband loved this stocking stuffer but it broke a couple weeks ago ! The ring part is connected to the emblem with a pin that came apart . Bummer , but you get what you pay for I suppose .
 sent the wrong pads and was really hard to get them exchanged not listed correctly in the item description i would have returned them but it got to complicated for the return
 I say that this item is crap . On the Valley site , this item is listed as a 3 '' cylinder hitch lock . When I got it , the spacing is a 1/4 '' short of 3 '' . I could n't end up using this crappy lock so I threw it away . If your looking for a 3 '' lock , this lock is not for you .
 The back vents did not fit -LRB- not even close -RRB- on my '12 Yukon even though the Amazon Garage site check said it &#34; fits your vehicle &#34; in the top left of the screen when viewing the product detail page . I sent it back and assume Amazon will make good on the return . I then went to the vendors website to check and sure enough it was not the correct model number . While I should have been more diligent and done this first , I relied on the Amazon Garage check which was in error . I will now order the correct version and compare to the set of Wade vent shades I have on another vehicle . Other posters have said the rear do not fit either and I assume it is due to the same reason .
 Auto Ventshade 194515 In-Channel Vent Visor - 4 PieceTo start with , this is a bad design and has a crappy logo on every one of the 4 vents . The fit is not very good and nowhere in the description did it say `` in-channel vent visor that requires tape to keep in the windows '' . The visors for the front did n't come with the required tape at the ends to keep the little tab in . After talking to AVS , they sent me some more tape that took a week to get here . Once I installed the tape and then the visors , I noticed that the window hits the tab every time that the window goes up . I feel that if I do n't catch it or if one of my kids puts the window up to fast , there is going to be a broken vent shade that I get to deal with . And now back to that crappy logo ! The logo is huge , about 1.5 '' by 2.5 '' and is burned into each of the 4 visors . It sticks out like a sore thumb . This is the 3rd pair of vent shades that I have owned , and it is the 1st time that is has been AVS , and I have to say that I will never buy them again .
 I ordered this Wix 46134 Air Filter Panel for a 1999 Jeep Grand Cherokee . The description says that it is a cabin air filter for that vehicle ... It is NOT .
 Tried the many different instructions to program and get working , but would not work for me . The guy selling these was very nice to deal with . He refunded the whole amount I spent on product with shipping to me and shipping back to him . Just wished it had worked for me . . Thanks . .
 The mat was the wrong style . They sent me the cheap looking diamond plated mat . The picture does give a true idea of the mat .
 Well Amazon really dumped on me with this item ... really first time I think Amazon is guilty of falsifying information . THERE IS NO CIGARETTE LIGHTER ATTACHMENT even though it says twice in the material that it connects via cigarette lighter . Was supposed to be a Christmas present for my wife ... thanks a lot Amazon ! Very disgusted . I guess I should have read the reviews !!!
 I ordered it becasue it runs on batteries , however , I think we 'll deal with the hassle of a cord in the car.It came to use with a little rip in it . There is no way to secure it in place so it would just keep falling and the massage is very light . Oh and the batteries are very hard to put in .
 It came in a cheap plastic bag with plastic snaps . The `` switch '' assembly disintegrated taking it out of the bag , and the battery compartment is virtually inaccessible without ripping the back cover . Very disappointed . Returned it for refund immediately .
 The product description above is very misleading , because it suggests that this product can replace a jump-start . My battery went dead today , and I used this to charge it for many hours . All it managed to do was light up my dashboard clock .
 Description does n't provide this device 's capacity.Just says 5Amps . I found that this battery has 1.5 Ah -LRB- Amp * hour -RRB- Compare with your car battery 75Ah capacity and top current of150Amp and you 'd see that only by miracle it can recharge yourcar 's battery or help you jump-start .
 Wish I had found these reviews before purchasing this product . This will NOT jump start a dead car battery.Is there product that does what this promises i.e. , jump start a dead car battery without 1 -RRB- another car and 2 -RRB- going under the hood?Please let me know as I 've wasted too much time , money and safety on products that do n't work -LRB- including this one -RRB- .
 No stars for this product even though the stupid Amazon reveiw site made me give it one . This product is a waste of money , do n't buy it!You will be sorry .
 It certainly got warm , but did not help to start my car ! I purchased this after almost crashing my AAA card with 1 call too many for a jump-start ... For the same price and a small sacrifice -LRB- open the hood ! -RRB- , an alternate that 's actually a car battery with a wall hanger & a 120v plug will guarantee the jump ...
 I tried to recharge my car 's battery with this product . Followed instructions as they came with the package . Did not work .
 I bought one of these years ago and it was a piece of garbage that did not work despite following instructions . Not enough juice to help jump the car ! I ca n't believe they 're still selling these !
 this item does n't work . i had to end up charging my car battery with an electric one . i followed all the instructions as the paper said and it does n't work . how can i return it and get my money back?thanks !
 This Wagan EA2045 SelfCharge Auto Jumper In-Car Jumpstarter doese n't work at all specially today & the cigarette sucket is a kinda rusty but its new though so i 'm trying to contact the seller but his/her not responding thats why i made this for `` ANTonline '' & for some people who is trying to buy this product i 'm telling you now you 're just ganna waste your time & money . = -LRB-
 Maybe if your battery is just a little low and the engine is barely cranking , then this may make a difference to get your engine starting . If your battery is completely dead then forget about this as there is not enough power in this small battery pack . The battery losses the ability to hold a charge fairly quickly . You have to constantly keep it charging .
 Great concept , but this little piece of junk could n't jump start a child 's electric toy car -LRB- if it had a cigarette lighter -RRB- . It simply does n't hold enough of a charge , and what charge it does have takes forever to transfer through your cigarette lighter to your battery . Great concept , but it 's a worthless product . Would love to find one that you can use from insider your car that is n't too big and bulky , but actually gets the job done .
 This does not work at all . I WISH I 'd read these reviews before buying the thing -- and being stuck with a dead battery .
 I purchased this product thinking it would be a perfect solution if I am stranded with a dead battery . I have been stranded 2x with this product and I still had to reset my radio settings . It is not strong enough to jump a V8 engine .1 . The picture on the web does not show the true size ... it 's about 10 inches in length . There are other products available with the same battery amps but much smaller .2 . The cord is entirely too short ... it hangs off of the dash versus sitting out of the way on the floor or seat .3 . There is no indicator that tells you when this is fully charged , it only shows when it 's on or off .4 . When I thought I was going to send this back I was reminded by amazon that batteries are non returnable items !
 You really need to research this product like get the instructions from the Wegan websight if you can . I found after buying it just to get the system powered to get milage -LRB- insurance adjuster -RRB- it would n't work for any thing more than perhaps a clock and nothing on most cars . The instructions say right up front it wont work on a fully dead battery , or that the alarm must be disarmed -LRB- how you do that with out power I am not sure -RRB- or the ignition needs to be in the Acc . possion . Pay the piper and get the quality unit . You will no doubt need to return this one if you expect too much from it . I really do n't see what this unit could be used for .
 This product is a junk . It does n't work . Only if your car battery is slightly shorter of power , it may work . In 99 % chances , it wo n't work . In order for such a product to work , such a battery needs to have a much higher capacity . The car battery needs a lot of power . When you use such a product to charge the car battery , other devices in your car will also consume the power . Hence , only when such a product has a lot of power , it may charge the car battery sufficiently to start a car . This product with such a low capacity can only give you a false sense of security .
 After reading the mixed reviews , I decided to give the Wagan EA2045 the benefit of the doubt and placed an order.BE WARE
 I have wasted my money and time . Finally , I need to call a garage to jump start my car . I got very upset .
 Not much power in this tiny little battery . It wo n't help you start a dead battery . It appears this is just 4 D size rechargeable batteries .
 Not enough power to jump a dead battery so what is the point , pure waist of money . You get what you pay for , invest a little more money for a bigger jumpstarter .
 This product did not work for me . It was a total waste of my money because it could n't be returned . Amazon 's return policy - `` For safety reasons , items that are classified as hazardous materials or use flammable liquids or gases can not be returned to Amazon.com .
 A few months after purchasing this item , my car would not start due to a weak battery . I tried using this device according to its instructions and was unable to start the car . The light was on , so it was working but did not charge the battery enough to start . I had to call for a jump start , which took over an hour to arrive causing me to miss an important appointment
 Was fairly comfortable at first , but does seem to feel pretty flat after about 1/2 hour . I wouldrecommend trying something different
 The cushion is not even as thick as the picture implies . I am a very light person at 120 lbs and it still flattened out too quickly . I have to use an extra cushion to even be comfortable , and so I am left with wondering if this product is even helping me .
 Great disappointment ! I am about 130lbs . This cushion does not give me any support at all . It becomes flat in less than 30 minutes .
 It goes completely flat after a few uses.It 's not worth the money.I now have to buy another wedge somewhere else.Manny
 I have degenerative disc disease with back pain and spasms ; so when I buy pillows or cushions I am looking for something to give good , strong support , and this pillow offered a cushioned seat with cut-out to allow the spine to elongate to prevent pain . I also bought the pillow because it is portable and I intended to take it everywhere and use it when no other comfortable seating was available . However , I was greatly disappointed in this product . It does not keep a cushion and the pillow flattens out so you do n't feel like you 're sitting on a pillow at all . I gave it 2 stars because of the cut-out for the spine but all-in-all , the pillow was a let-down . No support whatsoever ! Very disappointing . I would not recommend .
 Does n't hold up well after a week of use . I 'm not heavy , and i 'm still feeling my butt go numb because the cushioning does n't hold shape very well
 I had been wanting this for 2 years due to having a cracked tail bone several times in my life . When I saw it at this price I bought it right away . I 'm here to tell you not to waste your money ! I only weigh 100 pounds which is small for an adult and when I sat on this hoping it would keep my tail bone lifted the pillow completely smashed down flat with no support what so ever . It was a BIG disappointment .
 This cushion is very disappointing . In less than a week , it has gone completely flat and the seams have separated . I am not a large person either ! It does n't even puff back up when I do n't use it . Do n't buy it ; it does not do anything it is advertised for .
 This product came quickly but i should have listened to the other reviewers . They said the cushion would squash flat in a week and it has . Just spend the extra dough and get some thing of a better quality . otherwise you will regret it in the long run
 I bought this cushion hoping it would make sitting at my computer for long hours more pleasant . Unfortunately after about half an hour , the `` memory foam '' gets totally squished down and it 's almost useless . Do n't try to save money by getting this cheap one - spend the extra money and get one that does n't suck .
 The cushion was designed for what I needed due to an injury , but the curve of the cushion , the pressure points , and the density of the cushion are wrong . I guess you get what you pay for . I have found a similar cushion that works very well .
 This product supplies NO support whatsoever . You sit on it and it flattens out . It also moves as soon as you sit on it . I have to keep getting up to put it in place again . It 's a piece of crap and does n't help my back at all . I rate this product `` zero '' stars .
 I bought the `` Wagan 9788 Ortho Cushion '' and it does not meet the deminsions at all . The total lenght was to be 19 '' . It 's 16 1/2 '' . ETC `` How can Wagan screw up something like that , or did they ? Making something to short by accident and lying to the people until it 's fixed .
 I have lower back injuries and was looking for a pillow that would make sitting easier . This was not it . The foam is n't very firm and being a bigger woman made it flatten under me very easily . The wedge shape I will say helped a little , as the pillow DID relieve some pressure , just not enough . My mother , on the other hand , who has a bad shoulder , found a little relief from sitting on the cushion . She is , however , much skinnier than me and has no back problems that I know of .
 The cushion was fair for about a month but became flat as a pancake . I weigh about 165 but there is no guarantee that it would last longer even for anyone substantially lighter . I definitely would not have bought this had I known it would become worthless in such a short time .
 The first 2 days this worked okay ... took pressure off my spine . But the next few days it became so flat . and did n't even have any fluff to it . its not worth the $ ... then again you do get what you paid for . so i would n't buy this if your sitting for long period of time . i guess if you sit for a few min at a time this is great for you .
 Bought this for my wheelchair-bound husband . This cushion is flat , not affording adequate support . The velour cover is a magnet for dust , hair , etc. . Not worth the money .
 bought this and another brand at same time . . this thing went flat fairly quickly , little support ... one of the worse purchases I ever made . . see my reviews for the ther brand ... much better .
 While the cushion has a blue zippered washable cover , it is only half as thick as shown in the picture and virtually useless . I guess I got what I paid for ...
 Do n't waste your money , have been sitting on it for a couple of days and it 's flat as a pancake !! Im in a car all day and at 180 lbs . it was shot in two days !!
 Wedge is not made of memory foam . It does not return to its original shape . My wedge is now flat and is of no help . It worked good for about 4 days but is now forever flat .
 Do n't waste your money ! If you weigh more then 100 lbs . it 's a waste of money . It compresses down to nothing , I even added another cushion and it was still not working .
 this orthroWedge cushion starts off with good support , but after a week it looses its support and stays flat like a pancake ! so , if you need it for a week only then buy it but if you need it for a month try something else , like your pillow . it will probably give u more support !
 There is n't much to say about this product other than this thing is actually very small and loses what little shape is has immediately , offering no support what-so-ever , but instead feels more uncomfortable ... like sitting on a jacket .
 not what i expected too small for car seat , or anything else not worth the money spent .
 Purchased this item hoping it would give support when sitting.It does n't even feel like there is any thing in the chair . In my opinion , spend your money on something that will help the problem , like supporting you when you are sitting . One of the worst products I have ever purchased for a specific problem .
 I have a couple of different brands of these - the Wagan Ortho Wedge Cushion has poor quality foam that flattens out the first time you use it and does n't provide sufficient support . Spring for one of the memory foam options instead .
 This cushion , though it looks good to start , compresses down to less than two inches . I regret buying it .
 After one week of using this Cushion there was no more support for anything . I was sadly disappointed . Did n't have the box to return it . Do n't purchase this pillow . : -LRB-
 We have three of these now but have found that they flatten out and are not a solution for the discomfort my wife and I experience when sitting for more than 15 minutes . I am now trying out the more expensive `` Tuscush '' .
 the foam is so soft that it pretty much flattens out when you sit on it , did not work at all
 good for the price , was looking for more of a booster cushion . however it was not a much wedge as I wanted it to be .
 Not soft enough for me since I have a break . Would probably be fine if your just needing support for low back .
 The material is cheap velvet , so I will slowly slide down it ocasionally . It also does not really feel different than sitting in a chair . : /
 To support the posture you need to sit on something firm.I did not find this item hepful for me . Even though if fit well at Toyota Corolla.That 's why I decided to return this item and bought another one -LRB- more firm -RRB- at `` Bath and Beyond '' -LRB- advertized on TV -RRB- . Much better quality .
 I should have read the reviews first . This pillow is not nearly firm enough to do any good at all . There is little point to its wedge shape because both sides compress down to nothing when sat upon . In fact , I can pinch it all the way flat with two fingers . It 's not very expensive but neither is it very good .
 Not wide enough for those above 6 ' and 200 + lbs . Possible use on a bucket seat for large people ; but , impossible on a bench seat ... constant balancing act to prevent cushion from slipping out from under .
 This cushion is hard , so hard it feels like a piece of hard foam . I tried it once and that was enough for me to not use it again . It is a shame as I really need it and was desperate to make it work . To be fair , if you use a hard chair , it might work for you . If your chair has some kind of cushion , do n't waste your money as , again , this cushion is HARD .
 Unfortunately , it compresses down to 1/2 inch or so pretty quickly . Other wedges are better .
 I 've got a deviating tailbone & thought I 'd give this a shot . Put this in my office chair . It feels good , looks nice etc. . but after a day or 2 it just flattens out . Probably not the highest quality foam , but I was n't expecting miracles at $ 12 + shipping . Do n't know if I 'll try another ... I may just put this in the car .
 The main problem of the cushion is that the foam does not hold up . I had this cushion for about a month and it is almost completely flat . The foam does not last very long . Do n't buy this cushion if you want a good-quality cushion that will last a long time .
 This product is okay for the money it cost , however I suggest you invest the money and get a better support ... Wish I read the other reviews before I purchased this product ...
 The soft foam beads neither cools nor massages , and the magnets are too sparsely placed to really do anything . My old wooden bead cushion provided far better support and cooling .
 This product is a waste money . All the little air bubble will flatten out and be useless . All in all it 's just a piece of junk and not worth buying . I might take it if someone gave it too me .
 As people say , `` What can you expect for fourteen dollars ? '' Well I was hoping for something a little more substantial and maybe even something that could be described as a `` bargain . `` This was not the case for this cheap , piece of soft foam . Wish I had spent a little more and gotten the wooden bead seat cushion .
 The seat `` beads '' collapsed.I have nothing against the vendor , as the transaction went well , but the product , oy !
 Not at all what I expected . Very cheap looking ... similar to something you would find in a dollar store automotive aisle . `` Wavy '' chrome paint . Sorry , but ... yuk .
 I wish I had read Networker 's review before buying the meter . I bought this one instead of a super cheap $ 10 DMM because it had a couple of additional features I wanted , like capacitance measurements . But I also found that it does not seem to be very accurate , especially on the AC settings . Accuracy is now the least of the problems with mine though . On my second day of owning it , I used it for a small power supply project I was working on . Apparently there were a few little high voltage spikes in there -LRB- over the 1000 volt input limit -RRB- , because it completely disabled everything on the AC side of the meter . No smoke came out , but only the DC settings work now - for all of the AC settings -LRB- voltage and current -RRB- it always reads 4.2 . My other complaint is with the provided test leads , which seem to lose their electrical contact at the meter end after just the slightest tug on them.So I think if you are going to buy an inexpensive meter with no input protection you might as well get one of the really inexpensive ones so you wo n't feel bad when it dies.For myself , I 'm going to break down and invest in a more rugged high quality one now .
 When I got this item in the mail and opened the package , it looked like it had been thrown down a flight of stairs . The case was warped , the face plate barely held on , and the bottom was so bowed out that the unit would n't sit flat on my shop counter . The box was in pristine condition . Somebody bought this item , demolished it , and sent it back in for a refund . Obviously nobody checked it when it came back in ... 2 seconds would have told them it was probably broken . And it was . I was using it for anodising , and it totally ruined the parts I was working on because it only put out 10 amps instead of 30 -LRB- on both settings -RRB- , and stopped working completely after 40 minutes.One thing I will say about Amazon is that they did give me a full refund , which I appreciated ... but there should have been someone checking the returns ! How many other people are going to get sent this same charger ? When does it stop being `` NEW IN BOX '' ?
 I ordered this item to protect the back rail of my 2007 Chevy Silverado -LRB- New Body Style -RRB- . I haul a 4-wheeler amongst many other things . This item is shown to wrap over the top of the rear bed rail , but the actual product only covers the front and top -LRB- an `` L '' shape instead of a `` U '' shape -RRB- . Look at installation instructions provided with the item description . It is to be held in place by double-stick tape that is provided . WARNING , the edges were extremely sharp ! Bottom line , this is for looks only and serves no real purpose other than to add a little bling to your truck . I was looking for something to add some strength to the rear bed rail as well as protect the finish . This is definitely not the product for that .
 This product does not fit a 2008 JK . The primary installation location as specified in the instructions ends up being over top of the plastic conduit at the top of the inside of the tailgate - of course that does n't work . The alternate location is over the vents at the bottom of the inside of the tailgate - also would n't work . Vertically adjusting the installation location to compensate still produces a less-than-ideal installation , as the JK 's tailgate placement relative to the body is different than earlier body types . When extended , the stopper does not contact the body an inch or so to the right of the edge of the body , as shown in the photos . Instead , on a JK , it contacts the body at the very edge , where the rubber gasket is . I would expect this problem to present itself on other model year JKs as well . Before you buy this , go look at your tailgate - if it does n't look like the one in the photos , the stopper wo n't install well .
 The shipping was as much or more than the product . I ordered it with other dewalt products but it is shipped from a seperaye company
 I bought this charger online to replace my 40 year old charger that finally quit working . I wanted to keep it simple so I ordered a manual charger with minimal electronics - like my last one - so perhaps it too would also last 40 years.The charger puts out the right voltage and the 12 volt leads are color coded correctly -LRB- as per my muli-meter -RRB- , but the built in ammeter is either defective or wired in wrong . The bigger the load the more the needle pulls off to the left of `` 0 '' amps . This makes the charger totally useless for battery diagnoses . I am disappointed.I took it upon myself -LRB- a day later -RRB- to take the charger apart and reverse the leads going to the ammeter . And now the ammeter works . I now give the charger a rating of 4 stars .
 I bought the Porter Cable to replace an older Milwaukee , it had better torque than the old Milwaukee but after tightening 25 to 30 lag screws it became so hot you could n't touch the front of the tool , and the front bearing began to leak grease all over the place . This was a major problem as i was lag bolting together a log home and the grease was getting all over the logs .
 i have owned -LRB- and still own -RRB- probably 85 % of the p/c line of tools and this is the first one i have truely been disapointed in . i expeienced the same problems as the previous writers , with the tool heating up to the point where it is painfully hot , and the lubrication dripping down from the tool . i returned it the second day i owned it and purchased a competing brand and couldnt be happier . p/c really dropped the ball on this one .
 this impact is suppose to put out 265 ft , lbs of torque , what a joke , i tested this on my car and with a torque wrench , , the most torque i got out of it was 135 ft lbs and that was staying on the hammer for 10 seconds , where do these companies get there max torque rateings from because i would like to visit that test lab . the impact did get warm after doing 5 lugs and even hotter after 10 lugs , , but no grease was dripping , , i imagine if your running lag bolts with this , , it would get real hot , , it is light weight and doesnt bust your rist up while useing it , , i have other impacts that claim to put out high torque rateings and they dont get close to it either , , so i would have to rate this a 2 1/2 stars and it would hold its weight against all the other 1/2 impacts , , but for its name TORQUEBUSTER , i would take that off of the products image , , , -LRB- SOMEONE PLEASE INVENT A REAL TORGUE ELECTRIC IMPACT -RRB- porter cable has always been a good quality tool , , so i ask the same question -LRB- WHY DID YOU BUILD THIS ??? -RRB-
 Do not waste your time or money on this tool ... you will only return it after being thoroughly disappointed . A cheap cresent wrench will outperform this impact tool !
 Throughout my lifetime I have been known to spend some of my money foolishly by some people 's standards . I have bought things that will only be valuable to me and I have had to endure some grief for those things.This thing , that I had to buy because I had no other choice at the time , may go down as one of my worst purchases of all time . When I saw it at the store - I thought this thing will never work , but after some encouragement from the sales person that these boots are in use and are the only ones I could get , I bought one . Once I started to put it on I regretted cutting my cracked one . The bolts slip through the holes , it is hard to clamp on and when it flexes it opens gaps . I had to put sealant all over it as I foresee it leaking grease and allowing dirt/water in.Find a solid boot , there is no better way .
 Overall , the product and company were good - but the color of the dashmat is no where near the caramel color of the interior.Very dissappointed .
 This is the second Schumacher charger I own , the first quit after very little use . I purchased this as a replacement . I used the jumpstart feature twice , that stopped working after the second use . The charger is spotty , sometimes it works , most often it tells me that the battery is 100 % charged while in fact it does not have enough power to start the engine - it has done this with several batteries . Often I have to try several times before it finally starts charging . A waste of money , I am looking for another brand .
 That 's what this sticker says to me . Relax , it 's just a bunch a multi-millionaire guys playing a game with a ball & stick so that they & the multi-millionaire owners , network - & advertising executives can make some bucks . Also , it 's not like the old days of baseball when players stayed on the same team year after year.But if you do take baseball very seriously , how about taking the high road of sportsmanship & buying a sticker such as `` Orioles Rock '' or whatever your team is .
 Installed these rockers in a small block chevy after calling the mfr and describing my application . After about 1000 miles they chewed up the pushrod ends to the point of complete failure . I called the mfr back and they said that I should use their more expensive pushrods . In looking at internet blogs this has happened to others . On their website they say `` excellent upgrade from stock '' with no warning about potential pushrod problems.In retrospect I would not have tried these rockers if there was a good chance of problems . I re-installed new GM parts and have had no further problem .
 Did n't come with any instructions and missing parts . I had to modify the brackets to install it then it never worked . Just crap .
 To install it is very smooth , but car 's steering wheel starts vibrating after I put this Trans Mount in . I wish it can settle down for couple weeks . The vibrating became constant when I stop to wait red signal . It drives me to decide to order AC Delco OEM Trans Mount to replace this one and it forces me to willing to pay high price for a quality parts .
 these are listed as OE replacement for my 1 ton dodge . Not the case . They are softer than the worn out ones I was trying to replace . I checked another website and these are listed as OE low pressure replacements for all dodge trucks including half tons for that series . I would not buy these for any vehicle .
 I Did n't like the way it looked . Makes me look like a giant mushroom/bubble head . Not cool . I ended up returning it and bought the Vega helmet . Same look .
 Yea , The helmet looks alright and I read some of the reviews here on Amazon before I placed my order . The order came in promptly and the helmet was OK for the purchase price but the sizing chart on the manufacturers website is not accurate . My plan was to ship it back to Amazon and get a larger one but as I 'm getting my shipment together I dropped the helmet and scratched it . Damn ! Now I ca n't return it ! If the sizing chart was correct I would n't have to complain . . But since it is not correct , I have a helmet that is too small and cant return it . . IM NOT HAPPY . . I just wasted my money !
 I bought this helmet to use for a second rider on my motorcycle . It 's only good for that if you do n't like your rider . It is not very well made , it runs small and the shell feels like it would crack if you dropped it . Did n't give me a whole lot of confidence that it would protect someones head in an accident . But considering the price , I guess you really ca n't expect to much.I would only recommend you use this helmet if you are riding a scooter or moped that does n't get up to highway speeds .
 I tried this helmet in both medium and large - and neither fit very well . So I went to a store to try on some other helmets and compare this one to some others and what I found is that while the inside of other half-shells are oval to accommodate a human head , the inside of * this * helmet is round - that 's why it felt weird , no matter the size and that 's why it looked like a mushroom top on my head.I know that unless the half-shell helmet is a `` novelty '' helmet w/o any padding etc , it wont sit flush against your head & there is a chance it can look like a mushroom top even with a good fit - but the fact that the inside of this is round , made the fitting & mushroom-y shape even worse.I also didnt like the fact that there was no protection for your chin against the pinching of the D-ring & strap ; and also , the visor had room to move back & forth on the outside snaps , and up & down on the middle snap -- but the middle snap section had so much play in it that the damn visor wouldnt stay in the lowered position I wanted it - the wind would blow it back up . To be fair , it is only about 1/2 inch difference , but on those sunny days when you could use the visor in its lowest position , popping back up is * not * cool.The vents & removable neck curtain were very cool - but they didnt make up for the wonky visor & ill-shaped insides.Also , I dont honestly believe this is DOT approved . The DOT on the back is literally just a `` D '' sticker , a `` O '' sticker , and a `` T '' sticker - not the normal `` DOT Approved '' raised sticker with the `` official '' numbers on it . Whether I am mistaken or not , it was still enough to make me question the safety of the helmet - and that coupled with the other things I didnt like about it prompted me to return it . I then went to a store , paid $ 15 more than this one , and got a helmet that I * know * fits right , that I * know * looks good -LRB- read
 Do not order these for your Tacoma . They do not fit . They have a fitment chart on the back of the package and clearly says size `` C '' for Tacomas and the ones I got were size `` B '' .
 Not sure what type of car this is for but its not the item I specified . Too bad I did open the package earlier .
 I OWN A RULE CHAINSAW WINCH AND THEY ARE ALMOST USELESS . NO PULLING POWER EVEN WITH SNATCH BLOCKS . EVEN SEND IT BACK TO FACTORY AND THEY SAID ALL WAS FINE . JUST A TERRIBLE UNIT , USED A HOMELITE ONE YEARS AGO AND IT WAS EXCELLENT . IN MY OPNION THE RULE IS STRAIGHT JUNK .
 I bought this K&N air filter last year and have sinced cleaned it once and used it approximately 40,000 miles . I took it out to clean it for the second time and much to my displeasure found that the filter element was separated from the rubber surround in a few places . This means that unfiltered air was getting into my engine for how long I have no idea . I did email K&N directly a couple of times and they never returned my emails . I would have been happy with getting at least 100,000 miles out of this but for this price it 's a piece of junk . To all the K&N fans who will probably question what I 'm telling , yes I did get the K&N cleaning kit and yes I did follow the instructions to the `` T '' . I bet many more filters out there are failing but people just do n't realize it . I will never buy another K&N product again .
 I bought the Warmkeyboard for a cubicle-mate who 's often freezing . While it 's a plug-and-play USB install , it fairly regularly just stops working , and requires rebooting . I 've tried to convince him to let me return it , but he 's too polite . Seriously.On the plus side , it does get nice and toasty , quickly . Which is meaningless if you ca n't type on it .
 The first keyboard we recieved had a broken control key , making it useless as a keyboard . The seller 's customer service was responsive and did send out a replacement , but the replacement keyboard was ALSO broken -- this one 's heating element did not work . When I asked if they could guarantee a third would actually work as advertised , the seller simply offered to take the returns and refund my money.There may be some that actually do work , but I 'm disgusted with the quality of the product .
 I 've been using this since the end of December , 2011 . I have n't experienced the failure issues that other users have reported , but I find that the overall feel of this keyboard is the cheapest I 've ever encountered , which is a shame , since it 's also the only heated keyboard on the open market.Also , the power supply , while not a wall-wart , is so short from the `` brick '' part to the plug for the keyboard that it has to stay on the desk . This is not desirable . It would really be nice if the power brick could sit under the desk and plug into a single cable that carried both the USB signa to the PC and power for the heating element so that I could eliminate a cable from my already cluttered desk . The USB and power cables are n't even the same color - one is white , the other is black . There is a serious lack of attention to detail here .
 My computer recognized the keyboard and installed drivers and listed it as working properly . However nothing on the keyboard would work . Also the power indicator light came on for a few seconds when plugged in and then went out . I have windows 7 and I have tried to use it on 2 different computers and recieved the same results .
 VERY misleading picture , the picture shows two blocks with the bolts . I received the package and only the bolts were included . This cost me lots of time and spent more money in the long run . I would recommend dealing directly with Rough Country .
 I bought this Kit for 25 $ normally selling for 100 $ , I see the reason they had it on such a discount . The kit was decent for 25 $ , Originally wanted it for the air compressor to have a backup for the one my sister lost , but this one is rather cheap , the spotlight did n't work off its own battery till i opened it up to figure out why the it was n't getting power from battery . The jumpstart was able to start one of my lawnmowers with the battery removed . The power inverter worked well enough to run my laptop without blowing a fuse.UPDATE : I have now owned this for over a year.The Do n't even bother trying to jump start a car with a dead battery because my 1996 honda civic needed it once and the pack was no help.The air compressor is a pain when you really need it because there is a break in the wiring that really is n't worth the cost to fix it , just takes some jiggling to I find the right spot.Spot light , occasionally works but has to be charged on a regular basis if you want to depend on it.Inverter still powers my laptop and cellphone charger during the rare times I need it.Gave away the emergency hammer before I got tempted to use it . ------------------- Final Thought , DEFINITELY NOT WORTH more than 25 $ , more for amusement than a serious emergency . If you need heavy use do n't go cheap , especially if you want to jump start a truck .
 I got large Costco sized bottles but found they did NOT do what all the hype claimed . There are much better leather care products out there . I tried Leatherique -LRB- google it -RRB- and did their recolor restoration on a Ekornes stressless chair while I had some issues with the color finish the rejuvinator and cleaner was amazing making lexol seem pretty much useless . I am looking into other leather care products but though I would share my experience . It is hard to find good leather care product in stores , the internet rules , try a tack shop -LRB- horses -RRB-
 The driver side mat is a poor fit for a 2004 Toyota Rav 4 . It is not cut correctly . The mat rides up over the left foot rest so it does n't lay flat on the floor as it should . A deeper cut as shown in the photo would have worked , but that 's not what we got . We returned the product , no problem .
 The floormats did not fit the car . The hooks were on the wrong side . So , we returned them and described the problem . We got the same floormats back !
 I got my compressor fast started to put it in and noticed it was n't the same as the one I took out and had to go to town and buy the right one.IM not happy about this purshase at all .
 Easier to use than tin of saddle soap but thank God they packaged it in a no leak bag because most of it came out during shipping . The top does n't stay on either . Poor packaging . Will be going back to the saddle soap in a tin the next time .
 For the money , it did very little to clean our sofa . Even though our sofa is not that badly stained , we had expected to see more results than we did and we both worked on the sofa in tandem and notices no difference and absolutely no condition of the leather at all .
 I bought this product with high hopes . This product is simply okay . Also , my bottle was broken upon arrival . Probably wont buy again .
 I followed the directions and washed my two tan leather front seats in my expedition . The cleaner has enough foaming and moisture to clean , but just did n't get much clean beyond the basic surface that water would have done just as well.My leather has tiny lines all through it , and even with a scrub brush gently cleaning , none of then got very clean.I think this product is designed for gentle cleaning of the leather surface , for those who perhaps get some food on their seats , and not for deep cleaning .
 I had a person out to my house to repair a leather car seat ; he recommeded this product to treat my furniture . I found that it takes the color out of my furniture upon testing it in a small spot . I now have a full bottle of product I can not use as it strips the color from the leather . I had heard great things about the product from this person ; beware , it may or may not work for you .
 The neck of the bottle was broken , when I opened the package the liquid poured on floor and wasted . I want replacement of refund . Thanks .
 Product seems to work fine but the bottle top was damaged in shipping because the bottles were not protected properly ... Shipper did not put any packing material in the box so the bottle slid around inside the box . . One bottle top was broken right off ... . Therefore I will not buy anything from Amazon again ... I tried to contact someone there but they keep themselves hidden from anything negative
 Did not get the gray dirt off my leather in my car . Disappointed in this product . I followed instructions but black dirt stains still there .
 I have since learned from several people/professionals I trust that good leather does n't require a special cleaner . Just a damp cloth and mild soap . You should condition your leather about once a year though -LRB- Lexol makes a conditioner which did come recommended -RRB- . FWIW , the first bottle I got broke at the neck in the packaging and it was a breeze to exchange it for a new one .
 I used both the cleaner and the conditioner as described but they did not make a difference on decent looking leather seats in my 2003 Sienna . If they made a difference I have not realized it.I do not regret buying these , I hope they will add to the life of the leather seats even though I have not observed a change in appearance .
 Tried cleaning a sweat stained leather had.Had no luck with this product . Hat looks just the same . :--LRB- : - -LRB-
 I got this Lexol Leather pH Cleaner Spray offline at a local auto parts store ... and I am glad I did.I start cleaning my car and the first thing I notice is the citrus smell . Suddenly half through cleaning the passenger front seat the sprayer broke . At this point the white cleaning rag I was using was still white and given I had not cleaned the seats in months I just returned it.So I went online and after much research orderedGriot 's Garage 11259 Leather Care Spray Kit . Well , the Griot cleaner cleaned old grime of the leather seats I had cleaned with the Lexol cleaner a week earlier.I have used a variety of leather cleaners over the years and in my experience this one does absolutely nothing .
 Overall , the product and company were good - but the color of the dashmat is no where near the caramel color of the interior.Very dissappointed .
 The driver side mat is a poor fit for a 2004 Toyota Rav 4 . It is not cut correctly . The mat rides up over the left foot rest so it does n't lay flat on the floor as it should . A deeper cut as shown in the photo would have worked , but that 's not what we got . We returned the product , no problem .
 The floormats did not fit the car . The hooks were on the wrong side . So , we returned them and described the problem . We got the same floormats back !
 I 've had this hose on the car for about a year.a -RRB- The SS braid is very soft , expands easily and does nothing for overall hose rigidity - I.e
 I bought these floor mats for my 2007 toyota prius . since i searched based on the year-make-model i expected a perfect fit but it fits just OK . in particular the driver side has floor clips but the holes do not match up so now i need to either cut another hole in the mat or sit it on top of the clip so that it has a bulge in it
 Do not buy this product . The plastic is weak and poorly molded . The lead threads are not well formed causing the threads to strip during installation . Our of four caps only two were able to thread onto the valve without completely destroying the thread causing the caps to be completely worthless . I give the parts one star on the review only because the program will not allow me to submit without completing the field .
 I was expecting quality stainless steel/chrome for that price . Not sure its worth that price . Doesnt look very flashy as expected . Unfortunately its opened and cant be returned . But was quite pleased with the chrome license frame holder from TVG .
 I end up bought another front liner -LRB- WeatherTech 460111 -RRB- for my 4 runner which work very nice . Husky front floor liner curve up around the edge and keep sliding up front and cause driving problem . Rear floor liner is OK
 You Sent me the wrong bolt length for this particular link kit . I ended up getting the right one at Advance Auto Parts . I 'd like to send this one back to you , but I 've misplaced the paper work for It . ThanxGary Schaad
 Well , the price was right and it was Amazon Prime eligible and I could have it in time for my Labor day trip . I placed the order August 29 and was expecting it August 31 . It had not arrived by the time I hit the road the evening of September 1 . Oh well , it will still be nice to have . When I finally got around to installing it , it clearly was not designed for my vehicle . The heating vents did not match the cut outs and there was a large piece of extra material that just covered up my glove box . It 's a shame and the very first bad experience I 've had with Amazon . And to learn that they expect me to eat the return cost ... that 's just wrong in my opinion . BIG FAIL !!!
 On the first time use , simply brushing a layer of snow with the telescopic handle extended , I had the plastic latching mechanism break away from the steel handle . Small set screw had must have fallen out / not been installed.Preformed a self repair ; works up to par.Telescopic extension will get frozen stuck if you use it and leave it in a cold car .
 The print was so light , it required a magnifying glass to distinguish between C , G , O . The item sold for 19.68 plus 10 for shipping . The return policy was 10 minimum and with the shipping it was n't worth returning . The company was aware of the light print , but felt that something was better than nothing . They also indicated that nothing else was available . That was not entirely accurate as I found a color coded print on line . I told them that I would not be returning the item and no action was required because I felt that it was not worth pursuing . They then refunded the full amount to my credit card . I kept the poor quality manual as I did not want some one else to get it . This was my first time dealing with them and it was not a good experience . I would not recomend them .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 I ordered this item on 5/14/07 . I was shipped a behind the seat storage organizer -LRB- not what is pictured in this ad -RRB- . The shipping company said an under the seat organizer is not made for my truck . The short of it is , multiple phone calls , multiple e-mails , and about 6 weeks later , I believe I will receive a full refund for the delivery of an item I did not order . I suggested to Real Truck Accessories that maybe they would want to change their advertising to properly reflect what is available for my truck . 6 weeks later the advertising is the same . I write this to maybe save someone else from the hassle of dealing with this . I would never buy from Real Truck Accessories again .
 Do not understand why this product sent , repeatedly asked not to send , this application and was omitted . Do not understand why this product sent , repeatedly asked not to send , this application and was omitted .
 Installed these in a 2008 Nissan Aramada . These have the same issue that the front liners have , namely Husky did n't do their homework . On the Armada the door sills are actually a little below the carpet level , so when you install these you are left with a raised edge that sticks up to catch the feet of anyone entering the truck . Add in the fact that the raised edge has these super sharped nubs -LRB- intended to keep them from sliding around -RRB- and you have the potential for some serious damage to kids feet . The Twee One has already caught her feet a couple of times getting into the truck . Seriously NOT RECOMMENDED for Armada owners . If you take a look at the stock photo real close -LRB- use the larger image -RRB- you can actually see the raised nubs sticking out .
 Parts are Obsolete ! Even if you happen to stumble on parts it only has complete cylinder replacement . Thats it ! Cost more than jack ... Boat anchor !
 I had ordered this manifold after researching it on Weiand 's site as well as several others . First things first , the one I received had cracks in the water temp sending unit hole . It does NOT have a rear water crossover . So I have to admit that I got bit after I thought I had done the research . Looks like an Edelbrock Intake in my future.The good side of this is the ease of returns with Amazon , otherwise this would be one star .
 I was very happy with this product until it broke only 6 months after I recieved it ! It was not my wrong doing , the weld simply broke behind the inner cat . I understand there has to be some lemons in any bunch so I tried to return it . I was very unhappy and when I tried to return it to AutoPartsWAY they were very unhelpful and not understanding.I had to send and recieve at least 5 emails just to get conformation that I could return the part . It was very annoying to wait on emails and conformation . They also refused to change my address because I ordered to through amazon . In order for me to get this part sent to my address I have to buy a new one and wait for them to reimburse me . Do not order this part from AutoPartsWAY ! Very unhappy that the part broke but more unhappy with the horrible customer service of AutoPartsWAY !
 The antenna was well made , and came with a number of adaptors to fit multiple vehicles . I was using it on a toyota . The adaptor work well , however I had read other reviews that said that it loosened during driving . The antenna is heavy , and the signal was great from it . I went on a 200 mile trip , and when I checked it that evening , Yes , it had partially unscrewed , and had to be tightened down . I did not want to use lock tight because it should have been able to stay tightened on its own.Bottom line , I became more concerned that it would not tighten properly , and returned it . Beware because it is stainless steel , heavy , and will damage the vehicle if it fall off during travel .
 I tried this wax , but it is just just that . . wax.I have switched to polymer waxes in the last few years because they just last a lot longer . And now there are polymer based waxes that work with power waxers -LRB- like Meguiar 's NXT Tech Wax -RRB- . For hand waxing I use Liquid Glass , which I admit has wierd looking packaging but lasts for months , even in during the summer in the desert southwest.So if you are looking for some cheap wax to use with a power waxer , this might be for you , but maybe try some NXT and see the difference for yourself .
 Installed in Jan and by end of Feb the drivers side piece had a huge crack in it . Not sure when or why it happened , but it was too late to return . I believe it broke when we had a cold spell . I only purchased this item because of the reviews I read from this site . The other shades for the other windows seem to be holding up fine . Wish there was a way to contact the product maker instead of just amazon .
 they are cheap flimsy , my driver side one cracked already after about 3 weeks after putting it on , they would look better if the tape that holds them in would disappear , but some sticks out . Get something better not these .
 When received one of the visors was broken . I think that the packaging needs to improved . These visors are packaged on a `` blister '' card . That card was shoved into a thin box and shipped . I 'm not sure if they were walked on or smashed by heavier packages in the truck . Anyway now I do n't have visors , and i have to ship these back to get new ones .
 Expensive for what you get . If Iwas to start over , I would buy the looped soft tie downs and then a wide -LRB- 2 in -RRB- set of regular ratchet tiedowns . First use they were checked after 50 miles and had to be tightened each time for every 50 miles until 200 miles . As a general contractor use tie downs almost daily and never encountered the first use stretch theses had . Had bike ratched down hard and after first 50 miles the straps were loose enough to allow wrap around to slip down handle bars which then allowed ratchet mechanism to scuff gas tank . First scuff and mark on paint on my 1600 2005 Vulcan Nomad since buying new . Bought these to tie down bike in new toy hauler , wife said we should get the actual motorcycle tiedowns . $ 300 to get scuff damage fixed . They did not slip on ratchet , they stretched about 2 '' over length first time . On trip returning there was no movement .
 Anything that require heavy cutters to dismember the plastic packaging nightmare this came in is ridiculous . After plowing through that I find little or no instruction on usage and assembly but tons of safety admonitions which were obviously written by the legal department . The smaller set required tools to take it apart , if I did n't need it now I would return it .
 A bit more difficult to use than I would have liked , and stops working at times . It has three settings - manual , automatic , and automatic deep cycle . It 's not clear to me when to use which setting . Sometimes it stops charging in automatic mode , but if I switch to manual , it starts charging again .
 I have a dime size dent on my car 's door -LRB- flat panel -RRB- . Tried multiple times and it did n't do anything.On top of that , seller expects me to pay for shipping for return.Stay away !!
 Does not pull out a dent on a curved bumper . Would only work on a flat door panel or hood .
 I had a dent in my car and it did n't do anything for it . it would just suction cup it but not really pull it out . I was let down . not worth it . I do n't recommend .
 This should be labeled a glass carrier because thats what it was made for . To carry large flat object that it can suck on to . I tried it on several car dents and the suction cup it way to big to pull most dents . It would only work for very large , very flat dents .
 The suctioning cup does not remove large or small dents . A rip off . Although it does hold a good seal , I would n't trust it to lift things either . Move on ...
 I purchased this to fix several small dents on my car -LRB- some on doors , some on hood -RRB- Guess what ... . NOT ONE dent was removed with this , it puller the metal alright but did not pul the small dents one bit.DO NOT PURCHASE FOR SMALL DENTS ! WASTE OF MONEY !
 I read a lot of good reviews on this product , but it did not do it 's intended work on my car . The suction was great , but I further dented my car trying to make this thing work . I wasted money on this product . Just go to a body shop and get your car fixed . This will not work IMHO .
 I bought this based on reviews after someone banged into the the corner of my rear bumper . The box it came in said it was a dent puller , but the instructions -LRB- for the same exact item -RRB- said it was for carrying panes of glass . I 'm sure as a glass carrying tool it would be very effective , but unless you 've got 5 inch diameter of flat surface to adhere it to , it 's not going to stick . I could adhere it to my car door or my trunk lid , but could not get it to stick to any part of the dent on my bumper even after trying for over a half an hour . I was so frustrated I almost took a rubber mallet to it to see if making the dent even bigger would help , but I had enough sense not to try it.So for me , it was totally useless and $ 20 down the drain . If someone ever sits on the hood of my car , or if I ever have a large pane of glass to carry , I 'm sure it will come in handy . For what I bought it for it was worthless .
 This is nothing more then a plunger with a handle . Didnt help at all , I would not recommend this product . If a plunger doesnt work on your dent , neither would this . Save your money .
 I give this product a total of 3 stars because it could work in some situations , but was unable to remove my dent . I deducted another star for the high shipping cost , which was so that they could include a large catalog . And I deduct a second star because the product did not come with proper instructions .
 This suction dent puller did indeed pull out my 15 '' shallow dent , but as soon as I let the suction loose , it popped back in . I repeated this several times to try to figure out if I was doing something wrong . Do I need a larger dent puller ? Not sure ! But the dent puller is amazingly strong . Can not figure out how to get the dent to stay out . Not sure why it pops back in . Anyone have any advice ? Thanks !
 This is not a dent puller by any means but I guess it would be decent at picking up glass ...
 This product is meant to hold up/transport glass . It is not meant for pulling a dent out of metal . Tried it on several dents on my car and IT DOES NOT WORK . There are several other products on Amazon specifically for dent removal so I 'd advise you to try one of those before this product .
 I bought this product hoping to pull a dent , not to hear it pop . Every time I tried to pull on a dent it would pop off and nothing happened . It may be a good carrier for glass , but this is not a dent puller and not worth anything I spent on it .
 Ive had this a couple of years and it really has n't measured up . It can charge quickly but not fast , has no over charge protection , most of the parts are on the low end -LRB- ie wheels , handle , cables , clamps -RRB- . It seems to be twice as large as it needs to be . But the 2 biggest issues with this is the poor performance of the 200-amp start and the cables literally melting every time you use it . I have used this 15 - 20 times over 2 years and the cables have ROTTED off . First the cable insulation would melt and smoke when I used the 40 or 200 amp settings , then , when I could see the wire I realized it was corroded and soon broke . Its obvious the cables were the cheapest they could get away with and thats just dangerous . It makes me question whats inside . I would n't mind all the trim being low end but when you cut corners with the core product thats just not safe .
 This Charger went out does not work I 've used it 3 times and it wo n't work anymore please replace it for a new one .
 I am sure these wires are fine for replacement of the stock wires , but I would not call these `` custom '' wires . Based on the product description I thought I would be able to cut these to fit my `` custom '' needs . This is not true . They come already cut and assembled to length and therefore will not work if your `` custom '' project truly requires `` custom '' length wires .
 This filter is identified as fitting the 2004 Ford Ranger with 4.0 V-6 . It does n't as the center hole is too small for the threaded pipe on the engine .
 This will not fit a 2003 dodge dakota , even with trimming it . -LRB- It is too big to fit -RRB- I will go back to Weather Tech , they are a perfect fit and worth the price . I wasted my money and time on these .
 We have used a lot of these vents and have never had any trouble , but these do not fit tight and are already starting to come off . We checked to be sure we got the right product for our make and model car .
 It wasnt the right part for my vehicle . So I wasted my money , I had to pay to have it shipped back .
 Save your money , I returned these for a set of MSD wires which were an exact fit .
 We ordered this item and put it into service for our camp -LRB- Camp Contact -RRB- at Burning Man , and within 5 days the pump had become jammed up . We were able to take the pump apart and put some beeswax lubricant in it to get it work again . Also , the shaft going down into the barrel had rust appear on it after 5 days . The desert is a rough place , but I feel that this pump has poor engineering and materials and that it should n't have had so many problems with it so soon . I want to return this item but it got left in our storage facility for the year .
 I was easily able to mix the colors to match our leather couch . The patch given with the kit stayed in place as long as you do n't touch it . Of course , on a couch it will be used , sat on , etc. . . and within one day the color came off the patch and the patch fell out of place . The only real use I see for this kit is if you are repairing a small , very small , section of leather that will not be touched ever . Do not use on chairs , couch , jackets , gloves , etc. . . because it will not hold or last at all .
 Liquid Leather - Make Fast and Easy Repairs to Leather ~ Leather Cleaner & Conditioner.I could not believe the small package that my husband gave me . The product I ordered could never fit into that ... but it did . I needed a lot of the product and the one advertized look like -LRB- I counted -RRB- 18 containers . When I opened the package there were only 7 containers . I think that the product was misrepresented on Amazon which is poor marketing tactics . I could have bought the one at Kragen for $ 14.00 instead because with shipping and handling it came up to $ 14.39 . At least at Kragen I would not be deceived because what I saw on the shelf is exactly what I would have gotten in the package .
 I have been a long time customer when it comes to AVS/Lund products and the auto ventshade . Had them on my Chevy Malibu , my Ford Escape so naturally when I bought my new truck I immediately ordered the Bugflector IIAuto Ventshade 25940 Bugflector II Smoke Stone and Bug Deflectorand the 4 pc auto ventshades . Bugflector fit perfectly -LRB- but dont believe the `` no drill '' installation as you will probably be using a drill to push in the 2 self tapping screws into your hood -RRB- but the auto ventshade was another story . I installed the 4 AVS visors exactly according to the instructions . Looks great , I am happy . Then I get in the truck and drive . The shades are so thick on this model that they push the window away from the edge seal and it sounds like your windows are open when they are closed at any speed over 30 mph . As a multiple veteran of AVS products I know that they will increase road noise over stock just due to wind , however this was excessive . Additionally they created such pressure on the windows that it started to remove my aftermarket tint on the front driver window at the top corner . Pressures that high cant be good for the glass let alone my expensive tint job . Cant fault Lund/AVS on their customer service as when I called to ask if this was common on the F150 they immediately offered to send me the stick on model that does not go in the channel . Said no thanks and removed the ventvisors yesterday . BTW , rubbing alcohol does wonders on the 3M tape residue left in your window channel .
 I tried more than 20 times to get the lock to secure but only got it to work once . When I needed it to work I could not get it to lock . I literally was so mad at it I threw it into the trash . It was n't worth the return shipping costs .
 The Club is a patented car-theft prevention device that is designed to prevent a car from being successfully driven . However this is the biggest false sense of security sold . . All you need to break this steering wheel lock is to spray a small amount of Freon into the lock , and a lite tapping will break the lock right off the wheel.A complete waste of money!You may go to eHow.com with this question and yield the same results !
 my car was stolen a week after i got this what they did was push the steering wheel down and thats it my car was found unharmed except the steering wheel and some wires both ill tell you this product is a piece of junk it takes about 10 seconds to steal a car with this on
 I saw in the reviews that this would work on a golf cart . It does NOT work for a club car . We had to give it away to a family member who has an ez go and it works on theirs .
 I do n't think this device is very secure.Like the original club , the thieves would just cut the part of the steering wheel where this device is hooked on and remove this device easily .
 The idea is great , but the item is not long enough to actually reach from the brake pedal to the steering wheel . The two pieces just barely meet so that the lock does not engage . I ask someone else to try their hand at it , they were not able to attach it either . It 's too bad because the item is very sturdy and would be ideal if it were long enough .
 I bought this to help protect my truck . I started using it thinking it was working . After using it a few times I tried pulling it apart after it was locked . The lock does not engage the rod securely and keep it from being pulled out . Basically , the Dr. Hook I have would be useless if a thief wanted to steal my truck . They could just pull the rods apart ...
 The Air-Dryr 1000 is fairly big , produces heat , and intended for small areas . Based on two hygrometers I have , it only covers a small area , mostly above the unit . It does not significantly reduce the humidity in a small bedroom , but perhaps keeps it in a steady level . The heat it produces will also heat up a room by 5-10 degrees F , which is great for cold winters , yet terrible for the hot summer . It may have help reduce the growth of mold and mildew , but does not entirely `` zap '' it as it claims . The positive thing is that is very quiet and does not have any moving parts that need frequent cleaning .
 I purchased this larger size fiberglas kit after the repairs I was making to my m/h exceeded the materials included in the smaller Bondo fiberglas kit . Naturally I expected the materials -LRB- resin , catalyst , fabric , etc -RRB- to be identical to the smaller kit . Foolish me!The resin , catalyst and `` tool '' were as expected , but the fabric is a disaster . Instead of the troublesome yet manageable neat and tighter weave of the fabric that came with the small kit , this stuff looks like it 's made from a slurry process . There 's no identifiable weave , it 's thick and has huge spaces for air bubbles to be trapped , the strands are long and there 's no orientation . Once resin is applied , the fabric sags and gravity literally pulls it apart as you 're trying to work it onto your repair surface . The long strands come loose under even the gentlest brushing as you apply additional coats of resin and fabric . The end result is a wild rats ' nest of tangled strands and a rough cured surface that makes the lunar craters look like a cue ball by comparison.I freely admit I 'm not a fiberglas professional , but I can hold my own given normal quality materials . Buy the Bondo small repair kit with confidence . Stay away from this one unless you 're only buying it for the quantity of resin and catalyst and plan to trash the accompanying fabric.If I could give this product zero stars I would . Buyer beware !
 This filter did not fit correctly and had to be forced on . The gasket leaked from the begining and got worse.The gasket sent was not even close to the quality of the factory gasket . I had to have the trans . drained and install the origional style gasket and now it is fixed . the correct gasket cost me an additional 30.00 plus fluid . and labor to change it . If I had known this I would of had a shop do it in the first place . You try to save a couple of dollars and have the satisfaction of doing it yourself . It just does n't pay !!!!
 I ordered this for a 2008 Honda Element and it does not fit correctly . After it is locked , it spins around without sealing and the engine emission light came on . Amazon did issue a refund for the product without any hesitation , so I give Amazon 5 stars !
 The product description says that it will fit a 2005 toyota tundra . unfortunately it does not , so i can not rate the product , but i gave it one star to bring attention to other consumers that own a toyota tundra .
 These plugs are too long for the 97 tercel 5efe motor . The coil pack will not bolt down and you may leak oil into the spark plug tube .
 I was overall not very impressed with the AEM Short Ram Air Intake . First off let 's start with the missing parts . I had to run to my local auto parts store the grab the right bolts to mount the MAF sensor . Then I ran into the problem of too small of a hose clamp for my one air line . As soon as I was all done with fixing all of AEM 's problems ... so I thought ... I ran into a bigger problem . My hood would not shut . The mounting bracket was too long pushing the intake higher than the hood . So I had to rig up a way to hold it in place . Not to mention I got directions that was specific to my 02 mercury cougar and in those directions it never says nothing at all about buying your own bolts or hose clamps or modifying this product in any way . The only real plus to this outfit is that it looks nice in the engine bay and sounds a little meaner . I would not recommend this unless you want to engineer this to fit your car .
 Casting marks -LRB- not a big deal -RRB- , but the handle -LRB- and the hammer adapter -RRB- screw in at angles instead of straight in , they 're hard to thread , and hard to start threading . The adapter also did not fit correctly in the air hammer.Very crappy tool set . Did n't bother to see if they worked our not , they went back . The angular misalignment of the handle to the work head would have made it impossible to hit or use them straight on .
 The forks are made of pot metal . The large fork broke on second use . This product is a waist of money .
 I tried to use this tool to remove the ball-ends on my 94 BMW 325 . . Not a very big car and destroyed the appropriate size pickle head with about a dozen hits with a 3 lb hammer ... The pickle head angles were funky and the tool bent before releasing my ball joints . The head looks more like a doorstop than a wedge like the better tools.The thing came loose and had to be re-tightened every other hit or so . . The screw-in head is just a bad idea for a tool you hit with a hammer.I had to run to the parts store to buy a single-piece replacement to complete my work.Save your money and buy the more expensive single purpose tool
 Already looking for another one beacuse this one has given me problems from the get go ...
 the alarm goes off in direct sunlight . We have lot of sunlight in Las Vegas , so the thing is beeping all the time .
 Most people that see this product think of the bulb replacing alarm.First I was asked what veh I had . There was n't any mention about a product that stuck to the outside of the lense.Ifg that was said people have a chance to decide if they want it or not.I had the feeling of being hosed when I opened the pkg . Give more of a description of the product so we know what it is .
 This item is one and a quarter inch long by 3 quarters of an inch wide.The packing sayus Loud 100 decibel alarm . Its worse than a toy , NOT loud at all . Beside the fact that it sticks to the OUTSIDE of your tail light , any passer by can take it and the weather ... Its junk dont waste your time or money .
 This is supposed to do one thing and one thing only . Make noise when the reverse lights come on . Mine did n't . It did n't make noise ever . Tried shining a flashlight at it and it still did n't work.Waste of my money .
 At first it works while you back up . But there are issues :1 . If the Sun is shining behind your car 's back , the back-up light will reflect the light into the alarm and it will beep forever .2 . It runs on battery so it runs out of juice quickly.I would go with a special light bulb which has an alarm built-in . Amazon has one but I do n't know if it fits my car or not .
 The alarm is a virtually useless trinket . Reflection from the sun inside the backup light consistently sets off the alarm most of the day except from about 10am to 2pm . Purchase is a complete waste of money . The alarm is a worthless dollar shop trinket ! `` Buyer beware !! '' ''
 this item shoud have never been sold . . was out dated and did not work . . tried to contact seller and no answer.now i am stuck with it , not working and out my 10.00 auto alley ... do n't do any buying from ... they wo n't return a email , as to what to do with broken not working item .
 Maybe because I grew up around my Dad 's garage -LRB- when they had wooden creepers -RRB- or because my expectations are high . Regardless this creeper is very poor quality . On opening , the black paint was rubbed off on over 30 % of the item , from shipping or poor paint -LRB- both ? -RRB- , thin rails and cheap castors . It looks great on line but in my hands it is flimsy . Rather then send back I took it to Goodwill and gave it away . Yes , it was that bad . With shipping it cost $ 54.00 and I blame myself as I should know better you can not get a good creeper for $ 30 + dollars . At least I can write it off as a charity item . Do not buy this if you do a lot of work on your car/truck .
 Hitch arrived with absolutely no pacaking on it . Parts were in a bag taped to the hitch . The hitch was all nicked up to bare metal in dozens of places since it was n't protected at all ... so much for powder coating it !! The nicks will only help in speeding up the rusting . Called Amazon and they are going to ship another one . I told them I only want it if they package it better and it does n't have any damage . We will see what happens . I will update this when they do .
 Installed on 2010 Toyota Tacoma . Did not fit over brake light , just sits on top of light which looks very cheap . Returned this for a refund . Would not recommend .
 I use Dr. Bronner 's products BECAUSE I want an allergen free product . Allergen free for me that is ; some people are allergic to coconut oil so several products in the line are not for them . I thought I 'd seen mention of a different review mentioning SLS , but I still clicked the product to my wish list . And when time came to buy several things , I went ahead . That was my fault . I should n't have unhesitatingly trusted the Dr. Bronner name to mean no Sodium Laurel Sulfate.If you use Dr. Bronner 's products due to skin sensitivity , in order to avoid painful peeling , bleeding , cracked skin , rashes , oozing sores and all around discomfort - the last thing you 'd need is this product on your hands while washing dishes , or splashing above or seeping into gloves , or worse accidentally splashing onto your neck , or face.Avoid . -LRB- Sodium Laurel / Sodium Lareth - either way the Sulfate does n't work for me , and I seriously arch a brow at comments to a different review that seem to want consumers to believe something in the same family , for the same purpose and being used and desired for the same properties , would n't have the same adverse reactions with people and the environment . -RRB-
 I was in love with Sal Suds before I investigated all of the ingredients on the EWG website . Unfortunately the second ingredient `` Coco-Betaine '' aka , Cocamidopropyl betaine was voted 2004 ALLERGEN OF THE YEAR by American Contact Dermatitis Society . Dr. B. website states
 I have n't used this soap , but it contains Sodium Lauryl Sulfate - not good . Google it if you have n't heard of it . Also often abbreviated SLS . I do n't see this in all of Dr. Bonner 's products though .
 The pictures are very misleading . I ordered two of these shields for my wife and myself . The pictures and the description both claim to be smoked and what we got were green tinted instead . If the picture had depicted green I never would have wasted my money . They are now collecting dust in my garage .
 I ordered one each of the clear and mirrored version.They both came with protective foil on only one side . So of course the other side was damaged with small scratches and so on . Only one set of securing screws was included with the two visors . The mirrored visor is very thin and flexible . The clear is thicker but seems brittle . I wont trust my eyes with either one ! Save your money and buy a pair of shatterproof sunglasses or goggles.Also note this is no good for anything except the 100 series helmet . Dont assume it can work with any other type . I dont know any other type that uses screws to secure it like this . If your helmet uses snap studs , this is no good to you .
 The pump was complete and easy to install , but the gauge reads almost full not full , and almost empty , stranding me , not empty . Not cool .
 This product appeared to be well made , but it is not what was advertised . There are no cutouts for the mirrors . The fit was extremely tight , so I feared it would eventually tear .
 I ordered the size it said to order for a 95 Chevy Van . It does not fit . It is too narrow across the windshield and the openings it has for the mirrors do n't come anywhere near where my mirrors are located . Now I have no idea which size to order . I will be returning but would re order if I had any idea which size to order because the item appears to be well made .
 Product came in short order . Fit however is a bit of a problem . First there were no cutouts for the mirrors . This made the cover ride high on the windshield . Not sure if the little diagonal strap in the corner that fits over the door is the security strap but if it is that does n't provide much security . Also , due to the way the cover bunches over the windshield and mirrors the magnets in the lower corners do n't provide much security . Instead the magnets are more like a `` rock in a sock '' beating the finish or smacking the window if there is more than a light breeze . While I have n't made any cuts to accomodate the mirror mounts I think it would be a much better fit and a better product with the cutouts . I also noticed that while the upper corners are supposed to fit over the doors of the MH , if the door is open more than an inch or two then the cover will not reach to install . I had to barely open the door and pull like heck to get the corner strap over the door corner .
 This fuel pump has a 12month warranty from AC Delco . Only problem is nobody will replace it if you buy it from Amazon . I bought one and it went bad after 6 weeks . So I am out $ 90.00 buying this item from Amazon . I would recommend buying one from your local auto parts store because they will replace it if it goes bad . Bosch has a lifetime warranty on fuel pumps .
 This helmet is too heavy ; it hurts my neck on long rides . A lot of wind noise . Visor operation sticky . Tight chin pads a bit uncomftorable . I would not recommend this helmet . I 'm better off with my old HJC helmet.No problem with seller fast delivery and good price
 All the reviews were good so I was hoping this would take the check engine light off . It did n't , not even for a second , which makes me sad since its very expensive to replace the cat . My state does n't have emissions testing but if I ever want to sell my car , its going to be difficult . I 'm think about buying another can just to see . I noticed some people said they used two cans . Although I noticed my car was running better when I put it in and my gas mileage was way better , but its back to normal . Anyway , here 's hoping the next can works ...
 Bought 2 cans . Ran both through a Saturn eco-tech 2.2 l -LRB- 2 tanks -RRB- . Odor has gotten worse , and although I have n't had the code for my check engine light confirmed , it is still lit.No changes to report here .
 didnt work had replace catalytic after use , it clogged it made it worse . no i wouldnt recommend it
 I bought to of this cleaner because the check engine on my car and it 's because the Catalytic Converter . unfortunately , it did n't work for me and I end up fixing my car .
 I bought this crap hoping it would solve my problem until i could get my car fixed i would not recommend this product to any one THERE IS NO QUICK FIX TO A CATALYST CONVERTER SAVE YOUR MONEY
 It does n't really help clean the catalytic converter.The product says it might help pass the smog check . So it is useless .
 DO NOT waste your money on this product !! If you are a DIYer , do some research , there are quality products available for 420 codes . I bought 2 cans and had NO results . Should have paid attention to the other reviews . I am sorry I made this purchase .
 I have an 03 Sonoma with a one year old magnaflow cat and muffler . I got the 0420 code on so I tired this product after reading some reviews . I used one can thru the throttle body and poured one in the gas tank . It did n't clear the code ... . The truck has new spark plugs and all 3 02 sensors are also new .
 I bought 2 can of this and it did not help or change anything . I would not buy again . I followed directions and still had same issues with the dirty cat that I had before , there was no differnce before or after using this product .
 I used this product in my 06 Chevy Silverado with the 5.3 V-8 . I have had a malfunction code for the catalytic converter on one side not working properly . If I clear the code it comes back in a few miles . I used this product as directed and it made no change .
 I just do n't know what to say it just did n't work for me . Tried two cans purchased cat went thur emission .
 Being a long time fan of Monroe products , I purchased the Sensa Trac shocks and struts . About three weeks after installation , I noticed one of the shocks was leaking . I know that things happen , but when I was unable to return the defective part for a replacement , I was not happy . I ended up buying a replacement shock through a local parts store and ended up paying twice for one shock . Be sure to check the return policy BEFORE you order from Amazon
 What I received was much bigger than the description . What I got was over 3 inches long and 2 inches wide . The build quality is good but if you are looking for a MINI marker this is not one .
 Pile is not as deep as the original lexus product . Matting on back of one piece was falling away . Color was as represented.Would not buy this product again .
 This tool will not stick to the valves at all . Every time I go to spin the valve it just falls off . Consider a higher quality piece .
 The box is a AC Delco box egr valve is a after market part like Wells or Durlastyou can buy it at Auto Zone for 20.00 cheaper The egr valve in the picture is not the one you will be sent
 I purchased the Tornado 11 Electric Paint Shaker , the product was shipped to East Granby CT and on-forward to Australia where I live . The product came in a very large box with next to no packaging which meant all the support arms were loose and had been moving around at will during transit , not very happy about that . The box came intact with no damage yet upon opening and asembling the top of the unit there was meant to be two handles with 5/16 '' threads that screw the very top bar into the side uprights yet I only received one in the box , again very unprofessional.As for the shaker it works fine and operates as per the recommendations , yes I bought a bolt to fit the thread pattern . The packaing I would rate 2 out of ten simply for the box it was put in .
 I actually ordered these from weathertech directly . Put in my vehicle -LRB- Hyundai Sante Fe -RRB- and all , and was lead to believe that these were going to fit . When received , I tried to install them . They really did not fit well at all . I called weathertech and was told that they are NOT made to be vehicle specific , but are the best fit they have available for my vehicle , and that if I read the info about them it says that . They are correct -LRB- technically -RRB- that in the expanded information , way down there , they do state that these are not exact fit ... . For that price I expected way more and returned them . -LRB- Bought some for $ 20 that I had to cut to fit -RRB- . This is not an Amazon problem but a Weathertech issue . I tried to post on their website and was blocked from doing so .
 `` This product fits your 2008 Honda Element '' says Amazon 's part finder . Only in the sense that I can get it into the car . But you could say the same of a saltine cracker . Then it just sits there , a tiny rubber mat that covers less than half of the space it needs to , whose contours bear no relation to the contours of my floor -LRB- not that it matters , none of the edges are in danger of coming anywhere near a floor feature because these mats are minuscule -RRB- . To be fair , I do n't think this is just Amazon 's fault - they go by what the manufacturer tells them , and this mat is listed as `` fitting '' a bunch of cars on WeatherTech 's own site . Perhaps it actually does fit some , but it would have to be a very small interior , like a 1990 's subcompact . Chances are if you 're comfortable in your car , this wo n't fit it . Basically , this product is not fit for sale and should be removed ; Amazon loses money too when we send things back . I 'm annoyed that I now have to package it back up , go to UPS and send it back . Pure waste of time for all concerned . Ditch this loser item , please .
 Though the item seemed well made , it did not fit my 2002 Toyota Sequoia , as promised . When ordering this item I also ordered the rear floor mat . Oddly , the rear floor mat fits exactly !
 THESE DO NOT FIT SCION XB 2005 HOLES IN THE WRONG PLACE FOR FACTORY HOOKS.DRIVERS MATT CATCHES ON GAS PEDAL . I EVEN CONTACTED THEM ABOUT CORRECT FIT AND THEY DO NOT FIT .
 I bought the WeatherTech W31 rubber floor mats to replace the Toyota all weather floor mats I had since the vehicle was new . The fit of the WeatherTech floor mats was a joke . They do not even come close to laying down on the floor nicely . Unfortunately they do not make the molded floor liner for a 2005 Rav4 .
 This tool broke my radio and radio can not come out anymore.The instructions where clear and we followed them carefully but to no avail .
 Not sure if this is the correct tool . Tried to remove my Ford Escape radio with these and I still have n't been able to get it out of the dash .
 not worth my time to return a wiper blade
 I need timing cover gasket for 1999 Ford E-150 5.4 L . Other sellers show this is the correct part . Amazon site shows this will not fit my application and shows to use TCS46117 Timing Cover Gasket Set . TCS46117 is a crankshaft front seal . Amazon personnel please correct this . Research carefully when ordering .
 Does not fit around vents properly , does not lay flat . Have previously used DashMat with no problems . Also Charcoal is not Charcoal , it it Light Gray .
 This product was China made and the locking holes were not even close to center of shaft . Unable to install on trailer stand .
 Looks great , but the stickers do n't stick!I tried to use it on painted metal . Should have been a no-brainer , but the stickers just peeled right off.Try another brand .
 These look really nice and the size was just right , but the two big ones peeled right off and blew away in the wind while I was riding - the same day I put them on . My motorcycle is black , maybe the plastic got too hot in the Brazilian sun , or maybe the glue is just too weak . The medium ones has n't come off so far though , after more than a month . I 'm glad they were cheap .
 they did not stick well at all . would not recommend would not buy again . smaller than expected as well . x
 Description and picture is deceiving , does not include springs Kit ? Clutch plates were as described , Clutch plates are not a clutch kit .
 floor liner with `` tray '' effect keeping getting cauht and my foot as my foot enters vehicles . After one week , I replaced the floor liner .
 A five star review is what i would rate this item , if i could JUSt receive it in the mail . This was supposed to be a brithday gift for somone on the 15th of march , and i have yet to recieve it
 Bad choice if you have any self-respect ! Poor construction , not durable , and the cheesiest thing I have seen in a while .
 This stuff is really terrible . It is very thick , and will stick out like a sore thumb when complete . I did my wife 's brand new black toyota , so there was no issue of fading paint . I also thought , `` You ca n't get black wrong '' . In addition , it takes several days just to fix a little scratch . After each application of the different items in the kit , you have to wait 24 hours to dry . After all that work it looked like the paint melted in streaks . Also , you have to be real careful with the wet sanding or you can scratch the original paint around the scratch . I would rather have my old scratch back and use a sharpie.Avoid this product .
 Ugh . Just ugh.I bought this in hopes of filling the rock chips and parking lot scratches . Being my first try at body work , I followed the instructions -- a lot of sanding was recommended before and after filling and painting . I should 've stopped there . Now I have tiny gray bondo spots and dull sanding marks where the chips were . And Duplicolor doesnt match the Torch/Colorado Red for the 2004-2010 Fords.So after a panicked visit to a Waxing Detailer web forum , I bought a bottle of high-end touch-up and some Meguiar 's ScratchX . Lesson learned
 I bought one of this from Wal-mart for 6 $ . The product claim to fits my white Accord 2010 perfectly.I did n't expect it to be great but it turned out to messed up my auto body . The color looks fine but is too thick to do it by myself . Right now the whole scratch is covered by a curvy thicky layer that looks like it 's melting in someway ! What is worst is that the color dries so quick and could n't be removed by water or cleaner after applied just 1 minutes!I would rather have that scratch instead . Do n't ever think about it if you just have a minor scratch !
 This has a pen type applicator tip which does n't work . I bought 2 different ones for two different cars . Neither one wound feed paint . The companies ad showing the touch up of a SCRATCH WITH THE PEN TIP IS false advertising . I COULD NOT GET ANY PAINT TO COME OUT USING THE TIP . I WOUND UP USING A TOOTH PICK THE OLD FASHION WAY , OF DIPPING IT INTO THE CONTAINER . Do n't waste you money on this product . The paint is too thick even to use with a tooth pick.Find another brand .
 I bought this stuff to try to fix some long sratches on my hood . After testing it on a couple scratches , I returned it . The pens let out way too much primer/clearcoat for one scratch , then after all the sanding you have to do to make it smooth , the area around the scratch is very dull . The polishing compund does not work to completely re-shine the area and the final result is not good . Gets rid of the scratch though .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I bought this flasher to replace the original one in my 1987 Ford F-350 . Fits but is DOA . I did not bother to return it . Probably my fault for not following through with a return .
 I always trusted the Reese name for 30 + years , nothing but Reesee for me , but this # 74172 hitch pin has changed my thinking . I had this pin a little over 3 years . Being a contractor , I change my hitch attachements 3 to 4 times a week , and after the first year of use I noticed that you could open this lock with any key of similar size no matter what brand . Now after 3 years , I can open it with a pocket knife blade . It becomes more and more useless as it ages . I would never trust this lock with valuables hitched , and now I only use it to move things around my construction yard . STAY AWAY from this false security .
 Bought this custom fit cover , and only one side fit the car . The drivers side had the mirror pocket and the other side did n't . Not sure if this was intentional -LRB- doubtful -RRB- or a manufacturing defect , but the other side did n't fit the car . It was sized as though the pocket would be there , but no pocket , thus a very tight fit.Also , I 'm not seeing the 3 layers . The inside is stiff material and all double-stiched seams are exposed and on the paint . I paid extra for a custom fit cover and was very dissapointed . Maybe this one was a reject that somehow got through - I have no way of knowing , but I 'll never buy one of these again .
 This is the product that I ordered but they sent me a Nylon Cable Ties , I contacted the seller but they did not entertained my call , up to now I have not received my refund .
 I liked having this mirror and it was inexpensive , but it was also , cheap . The piece for mounting it broke off within a couple of months . And that 's with minimal use . It was a disappointment .
 This was rather difficult to install on my boat . I also found out that it does n't meet the requirements for acceptable mirrors in Texas by the US Coast Guard .
 It works fine . You get what you pay for . The key word for this product is `` economy '' .
 Do n't buy it . Started squicking within one week of installing . The only good thing about it is that now I am an expert at replacing water pumps on Ford Tauruses .
 There is a reason these wiper arms are cheap . They came out of the package with the paint already worn , they faded in 2 months and now they are showing some surface rust . Highly recommend you spend the money for a better product .
 The coolant passages from the plastic intake to the aluminum piece did not line up . The coolant flow would have been severely restricted . Had to return it .
 I tried a couple different methods to try and seal it so it wouldnt leak antifreeze and after tearing it all apart three times i finally got it . I dont have the time for bs like that .
 Visually , the quality of the Dorman intake 's material and workmanship seems to be better than the Ford stock intake on my 2001 Mustang GT . The Dorman intake uses an aluminum crossover as opposed to the unreliable plastic crossover on the Ford stock intake -LRB- Ford corrected this problem in 2002 -RRB- . The Dorman intake also uses integrated O-rings instead of traditional gaskets , which simplifies installation and probably improves reliability -LRB- traditional gaskets have a tendency to trap coolant between the gasket and aluminum cylinder head on the Ford 4.6 liter engine . Over time , trapped coolant can eat away the aluminum -RRB- . After I installed the Dorman intake , my car ran beautifully.Couple of weeks later , I decided to change the spark plugs . However , I unpleasantly discovered that the Dorman intake partially obstructed 2 spark plug holes on the passenger side -LRB- the rear 2 spark plugs next to the intake passages marked with torque sequences 4 and 8 -RRB- . The obstruction was enough to block out my Craftsman 5/8 spark-plug socket , which means that changing these 2 spark plugs would require removal of the intake manifold again ... an unreasonable expectation . This problem did not exist with stock Ford intake.If it were n't for this flaw , I would rate this product with 5 stars .
 This intake is a POS . Its built like crap . It performs like crap ... its all around CRAP !!! Go to summit racing and buy the Ford Racing PI intake for under 300 ... its the same intake that comes on the car from the factory .
 This item does not fit a 2007 Jeep Wrangler . I was very disappointed with this item as it did not fit my 2007 Jeep Wrangler .
 bullsh product . should take them off the shelves . you can read the previous review on this product and i second it :-RRB- . it wasted my time and money !!!
 All the towbars they made of this type are completely worthless . My girlfriend 's car stalled in the middle of the street , which is why I ca n't use a dolly to tow the car . I went to AutoZone and bought this piece of crap . HUGE disappointment !!! The manual says that you have to buy and/or make a piece of metal to attach to the towed car 's chassis , how in the world am I going to make a piece of metal to attach the towbar to my truck in the middle of the street with a line of fifteen cars honking behind me ??!!! On top of that , you also have to buy and make safety chains -LRB- which are required by law , or so they say in the manual -RRB- , which means , this is an incomplete piece of crap that will only help the guys with cars that run !!! and who have the time -LRB- retired people maybe ? -RRB- to spend making metals , drill holes , buy bolts and nuts , attach these metals to the bottom chassis of the towed vehicle and then buy chains , cut them , make safety locks for them and install them on the towbar . When I bought it , I thought it was going to work for me , but of course , I was disappointed . What a crappy design !!! Very disappointing .
 Do n't use this crap in a newer engine . My 03 Nissan has been going through oil . I put this into my car and within 5 miles , failure . Car stalled and would barely run . Had to have the oil & filter changed including diagnostic time $ 85 shot .
 Supposedly the product restores your engine 's performance by filling in the scratches of your engine and restoring the compression in the cylinders . I wanted to try this product , so I tested my engine 's compression before and after using the product . The 4cylinder engine has 160,000 miles on it . Guess what ? The numbers were exactly the same if not a little lower -LRB- higher numbers are better -RRB- ! My MPG also did not change . Proceed with caution if you are considering this product .
 Only use this product if you engine has LOW COMPRESSION or is BURNING OIL / / / / / -LRB- meaning the cylinders are worn . -RRB- -------------------------------------------------------------------------- LOW COMPRESSION
 I bought a can of this to put in my '03 Matrix 's oil because the engine had been getting noisy after 130K miles . Someone had recommended I add an additive , so I tried this one , which had good reviews.When the car ran at first , it was bad . It revved high , especially when idling , and it tripped the Check Engine light . I drove the car back home and checked the oil . It looked fine , clean , and there was no smell , so I thought maybe the Restore had to work its way through the system . A septic backup at home due to the hurricane was a good incentive for me to drive away again . The car idle evened out shortly thereafter , and it sounded fine again the rest of the way -LRB- about 50 miles -RRB- , but the check engine light stayed on.I brought it to a mechanic the next day , and he checked the code . He told me that the Engine Restorer was too thick and had clogged the holes in the VVT that is only in newer Toyotas . The only thing to do , he said , was drive it a few more days , then he would change the oil after that.He also turned off the light , and it has n't come back on yet . But I will never be trying this stuff in a newer car again , at least not before checking with my mechanic .
 The product I received was not the item I thought I ordered . After doing some research , I discovered why . The picture on Amazon 's website was for a completely different CD/DVD wallet . A customer service representative told me that Amazon would take action to correct the website and post the correct picture . Before completing this review , I checked Amazon 's website . The picture still shows the incorrect product . Very disappointing .
 I ordered a MINI-CD holder , with 4 slots in each page . What I received was a regular CD holder that holds 1 CD per side for 12 pages . What was delivered was NOT the product pictured !
 This item arrived with clearly visible rust and corrosion . Metal products usually arrive coated in a light oil and wrapped in a light plastic to prevent this type of thing . This item arrived unwrapped and un-oiled . Sincw there was nothing impeding thier vision I believe that they did not inspect the item before it was sent or they just did not care enough to do right by thier customers . I will not order from them again .
 This fuel line repair kit was worthless to me . It is 10 inches too short to reach past the damaged spot on my '91 Ford F 150 front tank line . I ordered another one to get the hose barb and some extra line length as it was cheaper than buying extra line or a hose barb . Once I got it all assembled I found out the fitting does not even fit the tank .
 Very cheap . materials are cheap and very flimsy . would not recommend it for fuel . reminds me of the giant pixy stix powder candy .
 I ordered this rocker switch because I needed one 12v , 20 amp and that is what this switch is advertised as . When I received it I noticed the back of the very switch itself reads 12v , 10 amp .
 The item description is completely false . When you open up the box it becomes painfully evident that there is a LOT of wiring to do . In fact , I called the tech support number and the guy told me that he does n't recommend anyone install this themselves because of the pitfalls involved with all of the wiring which could actually ruin your car 's computer system which , as you might know , is n't cheap . Not only that , but he also told me that crimestopper does n't even sell their equipment to non-authorized dealers , Amazon buys it from a 3rd party vendor . So guess what that means ... no warranty on the item ! If you are attracted to this item because of the direct plug in myth and the promise of a hassle free install , turn around now !
 I bought it coz it was cheaper than the rest and the following are the faults :1 . The unit came faulty in that the two way communication wo n't work . It will only communicate one way .2 . Called crimestopper tech support and an arrogant personal picked up . Both he and I agreed the problem is either with the remote or the antenna , but he wants me to disconnect everything and send him the entire unit . Why go through all the work in disconnection and re-connection when the problem is only with the remote or the antenna?Anyway decided to do that , so he transferred me to some other idiot to get the RA # and guess what . . he refused to do that . It seams I can only return it to the website I purchased it from . . They will not HONOR WARRANTEE IF I DID NOT PURCHASE IT FROM THEIR WEBSITE DIRECTLY :-D ... 3 . Asked if I could just buy another antenna or remote to save me the hassle of disconnecting everything ... and it seams they do n't sell anything to consumers !!! I have to send them the whole unit and they are going to charge me for fixing a week old defective unit ! 4 . I purchased an antenna from another online website . Adding the cost together , I might as well gone for a reputable unit like Viper , Compustar or Autopage etc. . . I made a `` penny wise pound foolish decision '' going with crimestopper .5 . The range mentioned by them is nowhere close to what you get . My friend also bought a car with a crimestopper and its the same case with his too .6 . In my experience with autopage , bulldog , compustar , the crimestopper has the least customizable options . They advertize 30 customization possible , but none are really worth it . For instance , the remote has 4 buttons and a short press on any will do something to the vehicle like unlock the doors , open the trunk or start the vehicle . ALL other units have options to customize their remote like press two buttons together for any function so that you will not accidently press it . I can not put the remote in my pocket because the buttons get pressed easily .7 . Crimestopper sells the wiring diagram for your car for $ 3.50 . IT IS THE EXACT SAME ONE YOU CAN GET FOR FREE FROM THE BULLDOG WEBSITE . Is n't that enough to tell you what a ripoff company crimestopper really is ? 8 . The installation manual is as concise as it can be . I had to use it in conjuction with the bulldog installation manual to clarify things .9 . When I remote start the car with it armed -LRB- security active -RRB- , the car shuts itself off after a few seconds . The vibration sensor shuts the vehicle to prevent theft !!!!!! The vibration of the car after it has started is shutting the vehicle off !!! I now have to unarm -LRB- unlock my doors -RRB- first and then perform a remote start . How stupid is that ? Again goes out to show the quality of crimestopper products.Overall , I just wish I had paid a little more and went with a respectable brand instead of crimestopper and dealing with their arrogant hopeless technical support staff , who are there just because they are not qualified to get any other job and do unleashes their frustration by troubling the stupid customers that purchased their product .
 False advertisement , not plug and play . You need to be a master mechanic to figure out how to make this work . Worst $ ever spent .
 Well first when I bought it , I was really excited . It was working fine BUT 3 weeks later it just died . I took it to the garage to see what is the wrong with it , and they said `` it died , we can not fix it . you need to buy new one ''
 Although when I entered the year , make , and model of my car and was told that this wiper refill would fit my car , it is about 1/2 inch too short for a 2007 Prius .
 When I got the orginal PIAA full wiper they cleaned great and lasted a year with no problem . But the refills for some reason are streaky and uneven in comparison . Did something change ?
 The base of the blade was to wide to fit the chanel it needed to go into . You would have to force it in damaging the wiper as well as the blade .
 I have used PIAA wipers for years . They are great when you first install them . However within three months they start to streak badly . I guess I thought this happened with all wiper blades until I bought some Goodyear blades that were on sale for my wife 's car . A year down the road her blades are still great while my second set of PIAA 's are already worn out . Additionally although we drive about the same number of miles , my car -LRB- with the PIAAs -RRB- is garaged and hers -LRB- with the Goodyears -RRB- is parked outside .
 ... unless you know FOR SURE that what you 're ordering will fit . The ` part finder ' tool was absolutely wrong - it said this and the PIAA 94065 would fit my 2010 Toyota Prius , but they absolutely do not . Part of the problem is that this blade is 2mm narrower than its 26 '' counterpart - a detail which is listed nowhere on the product description . It 's also about an inch shorter than claimed .
 The passenger side 2010 Prius uses a 19 inch wiper.PIAA 94048 Silicone Wiper Blade Refill , 19 '' -LRB- Pack of 1 -RRB- If you 're fortunate , you got this with amazon shipping , which means you do n't have to pay to return it ...
 These wiper blade refills are actually just ordinary black rubber . They are only covered with a temporary silicone coating . If you are looking for wiper blades made out of silicone like I was , this is not what you are looking for . Very disappointed .
 Bought this wiper blade refill for my Acura RDX . When comparing to original Acura blades - PIAA has twice less rubber and two tiny metal strips on sides that always trying to detach from rubber . Acura blades have metal strip embedded and assembly is solid.When installed into wipers - middle part wipes good but corners miss water removal and you have two unclear areas.So do n't recommend this product .
 These wiper inserts do not fit a 2008 Acura TSX stock wiper body . The Amazon compatibility search said they did . Both he rubber channel on the insert and the metal bars are too wide for the channel in the stock wiper body . Stick to Acura OEM . The seemed to be good quality and would probably work in a wiper they fit , but there was no way they were going in without twisting or damaging the rubber . The OEM slide in smoothly and fit perfectly .
 The material and stitching on this cover seem good , but sizing claims seem to be incorrect , and the design has not been thought through , at least not for motor homes like mine that have a sloping front . The cover I bought for my '94 34 foot Airstream Land Yacht Legacy Class A is said to fit 33 ' to 37 ' motor homes . Honestly I would say that it would fit 36 ' to 38 ' square-design motor homes well , and you 'd better not buy it for anything under 36 ' . On my Airstream there is fully 6 ' of surplus material , and the straps that are meant to take up the slack come nowhere near to doing so . There is this vast tent of material hanging at the back , which I decided was better than having it evenly distributed between front and back , since even that way I still could not take up all the slack , and at least this way the front is fairly taut . I had to smack two lengths of rebar into the ground near to each rear wheel to act as tent pegs to try to wrap the surplus material so it would not flap in the wind . We have since had very high winds , and although the cover billows up like crazy , so far it seems OK ... . but it would be so much better if there were a good way of taking up all the slack . This cover is definitely designed for something entirely square and slab fronted
 The quality of the parts in this were not bad but there were 2 major flaws . First , it did not fit in my truck . It was the right part for my truck but the locking mechanism was too wide for the latch by about 1/4 inch . Could have been just a flaw but I 'm not sure . Second -LRB- and the reason I did not order another -RRB- is that once I saw how it installed it was clear that it would take all of 5 seconds to disable it manually . Just pop off the plastic latch bezel and move the lock out of the way - all by hand with no tools . Not very secure .
 I was looking for a trickle charger to attach to a car battery . There was nothing in the description to tell me this item could not be used for cars , which I found out after receiving it and reading the literature . The item had to be returned and was , with no problem other than the inconvenience.Schumacher MC-1 Manual Trickle Charger
 Dont waste your money for $ 2.00 more buy the 1562a its full auto maintainer , you have to constant monitor your battery to see if its full charge , there is no auto shutoff when battery is charged it will overcharge battery
 has no auto shut offhas no on indicator lightdose work but the risk of overcharging is very realpay a little more and get a better charger
 Some people might not like my review , I go straight to the point!I purchase this unit late in 2008 , within a year schumacher replaced my unit . Few weeks ago , again its dead . I will NEVER EVER AGAIN buy this product , the problem is not because its made in China or not , the problem is their electrical engineer doing a bad job and the selection of CHEAP components.It did work well but such a unit should last a lot longuer than a year !
 Bought this last November , tried it today , nothing . No needle movement , barely the smell I was expecting and I ca n't return it.So , calling Schumacher tomorrow to see if I can at least get a replacement.Try yours , if you buy one as soon as you get it!This sucks and it 's my own fault .
 I would not recommend this if you have the need for a tester frequently . However , if you need something for home to be used once in a ` blue moon ' by all means this is for you . For my purposes this is cheap stuff .
 On the first battery tested , the unit smoked after 2-3 seconds . Presumably , you have it attached and can take up to 10 seconds to remove the surface charge in order to obtain a true strength reading of the battery . I will not check any other batteries with this unit . The shipping time was as expected and the packaging was excellent . The Schumacher BT-100 is a disappointment . I should have paid more to purchase a more high quality product with a digital readout .
 My O2 sensors went out and I replaced them with this and the problem was still there . Took it to the dealer and they said that the voltages from the sensors were not right . They put on OEM sensors and the problem was fixed .
 Somehow when I searched for a wiper blade refill for my 1996 Chrysler Town and Country , Amazon 's search took me to this Wiper Blade . Well , I finally got around to putting it on and it IS THE WRONG WIPER REFILL for my Town And Country . I guess I got SCREWED AGAIN ! ! Amazon needs to do some work on their search engine ! !
 Bought this wiper blade refill for my Acura RDX . When comparing to original Acura blades - PIAA has twice less rubber and two tiny metal strips on sides that always trying to detach from rubber . Acura blades have metal strip embedded and assembly is solid.When installed into wipers - middle part wipes good but corners miss water removal and you have two unclear areas.So do n't recommend this product .
 Product may work well , but I 'll never know . The Amazon parts wizard incorrectly shows this as a part for a 2010 Honda Accord . The blade is too narrow and it does not fit . DO NOT order this wiper until you verify from a source other than Amazon that it fits your vehicle .
 The base of the blade was to wide to fit the chanel it needed to go into . You would have to force it in damaging the wiper as well as the blade .
 I just received these inserts and was surprised to learn that they are n't exactly the proper width . I read some other reviews that stated these were the wider refills and would work but mine did not - maybe I was shipped the narrow wipers . Either way , I got them mounted and tried them only to find that they fail to wipe much of the windshield . Off to try something else.amazon did say this will fit my vehicle
 I received this item and it does not fit in the factory wiper arm . I checked PIAA 's website for fitment and this is the one they say will fit my 2006 Acura TSX but it does not fit . I also received the 16 '' wiper refill -LRB- part # 94040 -RRB- and it fits fine . The 26 '' refill is 8mm wide and the 16 '' refill is 6mm wide so obviously that is the problem . I returned the one that does not fit which was very easy with Amazon 's easy returns .
 Based on the amazon.com information , the PIAA 94055 22 '' and PIAA 94065 26 '' were ordered as wiper blade refills for my original equipment wipers on my Honda 2008 Civic LX.Unfortunately , both blades were too narrow to fit securely in the wiper arms . The wipers expect 10mm wide blades , and these were 6mm and 8mm wide . The length was NOT a problem.So both blades were returned for amazon credit.If amazon have provided ACCURATE information on the blade width , the blades would have never been ordered . The parts `` wizard '' that claimed the blades would work for my vehicles was also inaccurate.Unless amazon changes their information about the blades , Make SURE you know the blades will fit BEFORE ordering.A 1-star rating had to be given due to the amazon issue , not because of the actual product .
 Beware , wiper blade leaves streaks on windshield . Very distracting at night with lightsfrom oncoming traffic . Recomend Graphite or rubber .
 These wiper inserts do not fit a 2008 Acura TSX stock wiper body . The Amazon compatibility search said they did . Both he rubber channel on the insert and the metal bars are too wide for the channel in the stock wiper body . Stick to Acura OEM . The seemed to be good quality and would probably work in a wiper they fit , but there was no way they were going in without twisting or damaging the rubber . The OEM slide in smoothly and fit perfectly .
 Amazon is incorrect in stating that this fits the 2008 Honda Accord EX-L 4-cyl , Sedan . Blades are thin and cheap , not nearly as good as OEM .
 This was one of the wiper refills recommended for the Honda Odyssey 2008 . However , the refill does not fit correct , does not wipe completely and make a flapping noise when turned on.The problem is that the refill does not confirm to the curvature of the windshield . I tried to make it work by bending the refill myself and it still does not work.I will NOT recommend this product to anyone.-V
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 This blade does NOT fit a 2008 Honda CRV driver side windshield . If you look at the driver 's side blade , it is offset above the wiper arm - in the kit I received there was no adapter that offset the blade . The result is that the arm of the wiper touches , and compresses the side closest to the drivers side door , forcing the other side of the wiper off the windshield .
 I bought these blades for my 2007 Honda CRV . The 26 '' blade does not fit the contour of the windsheild . I returned to Amazon and bought rainx blades from Walmart - these blades work fine .
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 I bought this with very high hopes - and indeed if the review were only about the comfort of the seat I would give it five stars , however the poor instructions and the ridiculous hoops you have to jump through to install the product bring it down to two -LRB- and only because one and a half is n't possible -RRB- . First of all , I am NOT a handy person - never have been , never will be . When I buy something , one of my criteria is that it 's easy to install . This seat SHOULD have been -LRB- the original was certainly easy to take on and off -RRB- . What they do n't tell you is that there are NO holes on the underside of the seat for the seat bracket to be installed into . None . I was truly incredulous when I saw this . Furthermore , it does n't tell you anywhere in the directions how to fix this.After beating myself up for a very long period of time because I was too stupid to make it work , I had a mechanic friend come over . He was the one that told me we had no choice but to drill holes into the bottom of the seat in order to install the bracket -LRB- I had guessed this but never thought it could be the case - and figured it was just my own lack of knowledge of how ANYTHING works that was n't allowing it to be easily installed -RRB- . We were eventually able to make it work , but this is an INCREDIBLY poor way to install something - I mean really , you have to order it for a specific bike - for any given bike are the holes really in different places ? You ca n't have them already there ? If it were a generic order , specific to any bike out there , maybe I could understand it but not when it 's specific to a year/model of bike . If that were the case , it should also mention it in the description somewhere -LRB- so idiots like me know what they 're getting into when they buy it -RRB- and it should certainly be mentioned in the directions.I will also never buy another product from this seller - they asked me to review them -LRB- which I had already done - and it was not pretty since I had all of the above problems plus receiving it later than the date they were supposed to deliver it -RRB- . I told them I had already rated them and received a `` thanks for doing that '' email from them , then later received two more stock emails from them asking me to rate them again . They obviously do n't really read -LRB- or respond -RRB- to correspondence from their customers so they 've just lost one .
 Purchased this item to cover a major blind spot . The mirror offers a great view but images in the rear view vibrate which makes them distorted . Tried putting sponge rubber to provide increased padding support against existing mirror but this only eliminated some of the vibration . Tightened the mirror as tight as I could with out breaking the existing mirror and this did not eliminate rear view vibration . Finally gave up and removed mirror . I was surprised at how well it did in eliminating glare from headlights of cars behind me .
 Did n't fit my car and kept slipping off when we hooked it up in my husband SUV . I 'm looking to see if any of my friends could use it
 This mirror gives me complete view of my blind spots . The only problem I have had is that it does n't attach firmly on my Prius . It stays on unless you bump it . Other than that , it 's perfect.Update
 When I opened up the package , the mirror was cracked in a number of places . It looked as if the mirror was cracked before it was shipped . Not a good way to satisfy customers !
 this product is bad bad bad , return process is horrible . not worth dear with this company . trashed it.just dont buy it .
 View good but distorted by parabolic lense . I was trying to get around the problem of a hatchback view of the 5 and 7 o'clock position -LRB- behind -RRB- . The parabolic lense has a wider view , but the view is distorted for relative distance to objects in the 5 and 7 o'clock position .
 The mirror came broken even though the box was in perfect shape . The bracket was to small to fit my thick back mirror and when it was installed did not show any different view than the present mirror . Did not send it back because of the return hassle . It ended up in the garbage .
 Didnt fit on my C220 rear mirror and I still had all my blind spots BUT I could see my backseat better . What do I need that for ?
 Despite reading reviews stating that the mirror was broken on arrival , I went ahead and ordered this product based on positive reviews about its utility . It was hard to factor what seemed liked a few isolated reviews complaining about a broken product , but ofcourse now I 'm wiser . This is clearly a problem that goes beyond a isolated incident . The product is NOT packed adequately given its fragility . The mirror is broken at more than one place , with two large sharp shards laying around in a flimsy plastic cover , the mirror was wrapped in . Ca n't benefit from a product , no matter how potentially useful it might be , if it arrives broken . Ca n't help wondering if this mirror will survive a bump in the road while driving.Edit -- Product from ` AsseenonTVguys ' shipped by Amazon . No issues with Amazon 's packaging . The original product packaging was flimsy , and inadequate and very likely a broken product -LRB- presumably AsseenonTVguys was carrying broken product in its inventory -RRB- was shipped to me by Amazon .
 It was for a new car - I could n't install right away - when I did it broke , and I ca n't return or get refund .
 Very upset ; item arrived broken in several places . It was not packaged very well , but the original packaging was placed INSIDE another big box with only one other item . Very disappointing . Will see if it is worth returning .
 The mirror does not fit my vehicle . It arrived with the box ripped so I could not return it , and it charged shipping to return anyway . Completely not worth it . Go with the Smart mirror instead .
 Upon opening the box , I found the mirror completely shattered . I contacted the seller and received no response.Had to go through Amazon to receive a full refund.Poor packaging , and poor customer service .
 Arrived on time.I have spent 30 years in the Auto repair business and consider this DANGEROUS to use.The curviture of the mirror make the cars look much further behind you then they actually are.I would NOT recommend this to anyone !!
 Product description states that this item fits on a 2005 Kawasaki ZX636 Ninja ZX-6R BUT I found out the hard way . The stock rear sprocket for this bike has 43 tooth and this comes with 40 tooth sprocket with a 108 chain so your gearing will be off .
 I bough 19 '' and 26 '' PIAA replacement silicone wiper blades refills . I used the chart to select the size for a 2010 Toyota Prius . The length was fine but the width was narrow because my car takes a wider width . I read were a lot of people were having this same problem . This company should go back and redo there chart so they will have the right sizes for the cars .
 Contrary to what Amazon says , this insert fits perfectly in the stock wiper assembly for the 2009 Acura TL . They are quiet , but their wipe is not as clean as brand new Honda inserts . Each wipe leaves a very faint haze that quickly evaporates . Overall `` good enough '' and if they maintain the same performance through next year , they will be a better value than the stock inserts . The jury is still out.Update
 I used it on a scratch on my car caused by a piece of wood . It did n't work at all .
 They are clearly selling seconds . Many inperfections in the sunshade . The shades will not last .
 Product is made of very thin material . Multiple pin holes which I think will keep the product from lasting .
 The size does n't fit.The material is too thin and there are holes on the rim already . I only used it for several times .
 Not very durable -- already has a hole in one of the shades . Okay as far as keeping the sun out . It is still pretty hot in my car when I get in it at the end of the day .
 Having been a Magic Shade sunshade user for several years now , I 'm well acquainted with this products virtues -LRB- and vices -RRB- , so when it came time to order up a new sunshade for one of our cars , the choice for me was pretty much a no brainer . Rather than waste a trip to one of the local B&M ; stores in the hope that they might have something in stock , I opted to try buying on Amazon instead . Since I had paid to be a Prime customer I knew it would arrive in a couple of days . But from that final mouse click I should 've realized that the buying experience was sadly flawed.The shade arrived with the usual Prime quickness , but from the moment I opened the shipping box it was then that I realized that Amazon 's sales process did n't ask me for the actual SIZE of the shade . Magic Shades come in at least TWO different sizes ; the one Amazon shipped is Standard , whereas what I really needed was Jumbo . The product packaging has all of the fitment information on the back ; however WHEN YOU BUY ONLINE it 's up to the SELLER to provide that information , which Amazon did not.Needless to say , the shipped Magic Shade turned out to be a bit too small for installation on our Mazda although it does do about 90 % + of the job . The actual coverage width of the two panels side-by-side was fine in the car but the overall height came out a bit short . However using the car 's sun visors to hold the shade panels actually works to keep most of the sun out at the head of the windshield . This particular sunshade is made in the preferred nylon and came in the standard gray-silver on the outfacing side . My wife was dubious and ambivalent over the choice , having been an accordion-type shade user . But after carefully showing her the proper stacking , hand grip and wrist-flip action , she got the shade ` fold-down ' on her very first try , and was satisfied that this shade would work fine in the car . And I no longer have to deal with those bloody accordion sunshades that sag and wilt over time anymore.Other things of note
 I am very disappointed with this product for following reasons : -LRB- 1 -RRB- It is not easy to fold up as described . In fact it took me over 10 minutes to get it to fold up . I can figure out how to take apart a three ring puzzle in less time . So if you are not good with your handles do not buy this . -LRB- 2 -RRB- When I hold the shade up against the sun , I can slightly see through it . I am not sure how it can block the sun out . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The description says it fits any size car . Well it did not fit my Honda Accord . Amazon should have put the sizing guide -LRB- lists models and years -RRB- on the product description page .
 These things are so thin , I am surprised they even work . They are cheaply made ... maybe a notch above what you could find at your local dollar store . I have a Honda Civic and they BARELY fit in there . By that , I mean they are too SMALL . If you have a big car , GOOD LUCK . I will use until they are ready for trash bin ... which I give about 6 months .
 I used this product since VHT was out of stock . It did n't stick to my trim pieces ... tearing right off after taping for a two-tone door panel . I had problems with mottling as well . I did n't by the adhesion promoter as the can says it is not required . Perhaps it would work better with that product . I would recommend VHT vinyl paint over this product .
 I bought this for my shoes which is made of fabric on the bottom half ... I sprayed my shoes and wore them twice and the paint faded off of my shoe ... I though that this product would be permanent and not temporary .
 I was excited to try this battery monitor due to me consistently running my battery low . I expected good things from this device due to it 's 4 star rating , but after owning it for about 3 weeks it is unusable . It worked OK at first , then after a few days I noticed that a couple segments were not showing on the digital readout . Now after about 3 weeks , the display has so many missing segments that it is unreadable . What a waste of $ 35 ! I do n't think this device is rugged enough to sit on a car battery under the hood . * Update 11-12-2010 I sent this unit back to Argus and they sent me a new one . It 's been installed on a brand new battery for a few days now and it is still working . * Update 12-03-2010 The replacement unit from Argus has failed ! I need to squeeze the unit hard between my fingers for the display to show anything , otherwise the display stays blank . There is obviously some manufacturing defect with the display on these units . * Just so prospective buyers do n't think I 'm somehow abusing this thing , it 's installed on a brand-new Autocraft Gold battery from Advance Auto using only the hardware that came with it , in a 2008 Ford Explorer . I 'm giving up on this device . Almost $ 40 wasted so far including return shipping for the first defective unit . Now they cost $ 55 ?!?! Buyers beware .
 Here in the extreme south Texas heat , automobile batteries take a real beating . People think it 's cold weather that is hard on batteries . That 's wrong . Heat kills batteries and down here they die quickly and without much warning.Others here have praised this product and from what I read those reviewers were impressed by the display . Nobody mentioned the alarm . I feel that those reviewers will be sadly disappointed when they discover that the display can indicate a `` good '' battery that will not start the car . A battery can read full voltage and not work in the car . Just because the display shows you had good cranking power the last time does not mean it will start next time.As such , I did n't expect to derive much value from the display itself . What I wanted from this product was the alarm . The manufacturer claims it will provide an audible alarm when the battery is about to fail . That warning was the important thing to me.The warning emitted by this monitor is inaudible under a closed hood . One can try and position the unit in different ways within the limits of the attaching cables , but on neither of my cars did I ever find a location under the hood that allowed the warning to be audible . My hearing is in no way impaired and I ca n't hear it . My wife , whose hearing is acutely sensitive , ca n't hear it either.A few weeks after installation , the battery in my car died overnight while in my garage . I heard nothing walking out to my car in the morning . There was enough power to operate the device and the car 's accessories , but not enough to crank the engine . Had I been away from home , I would have most likely been stranded . As it was , I was late for work . I had enjoyed the false sense of security up to this point and now I was paying the price . This is exactly the kind of inconvenience I was hoping to avoid by purchasing this item . My wife 's car battery died a few months later also without warning.I am skilled as an auto technician and I think casual drivers will eventually be let down by this monitor . I have gone back to regularly using a load tester and measuring specific gravity of the electrolyte to determine battery health . I had gotten lazy and thought this device could help me reduce my weekend workload . Well , I 'm back to maintaining my batteries the old fashioned way . At least now if I get stranded I can only blame myself instead of having placed my trust in a mostly useless gadget.I give it two stars because it does have a working display . Interpreting that display may be difficult for users who are not engineers or technicians . To me , the desirable aspect of this monitor was the alarm feature and that does n't work .
 I got this thing about 2 years ago or so . I just took it off today because I ca n't really read the screen . Some of the lines that create the numbers no longer work . It 's never been all that great . I got a NEW Interstate battery put in my truck and the thing is telling me I have 50 % or so battery life left . Some mornings I 'll come out to my truck and the thing is beeping like the battery is low . It 's a nice Idea , but really cheaply made and the readings it 's telling you , you ca n't trust !
 I thought this meter would be a great way to avoid the surprise of being stranded by a dead battery.The Battery Bug looks like it knows what is doing . The voltage indicated seems accurate . However , when my batterywas so worn down that I could n't leave the ignition on for more than 15 minutes without needing a jump to start my car , the Bug still reported battery health at 65 % . This makes the main function of the device useless.Guess I will have to go backto preventative replacement of my battery every 2 or 3 years.Easy John
 At $ 40 , this device is most of the cost of a new battery , and does little more than measure the voltage , which you can do yourself with a general purpose volt meter .
 The device does not do what it is supposed to do . Failed to provide timely warning of imminent battery failure . Also I could not get it to provide some of the information it was supposed to provide according to the instructions . I feel this device is a gimmick not worth putting on your car , just check your battery once in a while as you should!It does provide voltage info , and that is the only reason I gave it two stars ...
 The length is good , but the width was the problem . I went to put it on my Venza and the wiper blade would come off , because it was 1/16 of an inch short in width .
 This would not fit my 2010 Infinity QX56 . The blade is not 22 '' as the original was but 21.5 '' long . I would measure your existing before purchasing form this company and make an inquiry .
 Based on the amazon.com information , the PIAA 94055 22 '' and PIAA 94065 26 '' were ordered as wiper blade refills for my original equipment wipers on my Honda 2008 Civic LX.Unfortunately , both blades were too narrow to fit securely in the wiper arms . The wipers expect 10mm wide blades , and these were 6mm and 8mm wide . The length was NOT a problem.So both blades were returned for amazon credit.If amazon have provided ACCURATE information on the blade width , the blades would have never been ordered . The parts `` wizard '' that claimed the blades would work for my vehicles was also inaccurate.Unless amazon changes their information about the blades , Make SURE you know the blades will fit BEFORE ordering.A 1-star rating had to be given due to the amazon issue , not because of the actual product.PIAA 94055 Silicone Wiper Blade Refill - 22 ''
 The blade is one inch to short even though the amazon tool said it fit my car , a 2001 BMW 330ci . What a pain
 Do not trust the Amazon search feature that lets you narrow your choice by which parts fit your car . It did not fit my car , which apparently requires an 8mm blade refill , rather than a 6mm blade refill . I guess Amazon only measures the length of the refill , not the width . I 'll be returning these . The blade itself seems to be perfectly acceptable , but obviously , it does n't fit , in spite of what Amazon says .
 Ordered as a pair . This 22 '' driver side refill is NOT the correct width for my 2006 Odyssey . The Odyssey takes 8mm refills for both wipers , the presumably matched pair was sent as 8mm for the driver side , 6mm for the passenger . Since Amazon does not carry the correct PIAA item , does not specify the width in the product description , and incorrectly states that this product matches the 2006 Odyssey , you 're better off buying a second driver side refill and cutting it to size .
 The replacement blades were the correct length , but they were too wide to slip easily into the slot occupied by the previous blade . Even after cutting the blade so that it would fit , the blades quickly warped and left streaks on the window -LRB- although admittedly this is probably because I had to alter the blade to make it fit -RRB- . I trashed this product within a week and just bought the full wiper arm with blade .
 I also got a 24 and 22 inch blade , and the 22 inch is not correct width . I tried to use them , and now breaking since do not fit correctly , or the 22 inch length one is . Now must buy again just a few months later .
 The blades were supposed to fit my car . They were the right length of 22 inches but wrong width . Too costly to return -- will buy locally next time .
 This item was supposed to be for my car , and was the right lenth of 22 inches . However , the width to slide into the wiper arm was not the correct width . Yet , it was supposed to be for my car . It cost almost as much to return it to get credit as it costs in the first place . I 'll think twice before I buy auto parts from Amazon again , though I am a frequest and loyal customer otherwise .
 These wiper blade refills are actually just ordinary black rubber . They are only covered with a temporary silicone coating . If you are looking for wiper blades made out of silicone like I was , this is not what you are looking for . Very disappointed .
 This is not the kit as pictured or described in the product description . It is the wheel only as stated in the title .
 this product seems to be a useful one but due to improper handling of the product it reached me in a state where by the 120 volts port was not functioning so i can not use portable devices to my benefit .
 Something went POP/ZAP inside , followed by some smoke . This was n't a blown fuse . The LED lights came on , but nothing worked . I was trying to run a very small vaccuum for a few seconds to clear out the dust before taking inside . It 's supposed to shut itself down if overloaded . I think this was the first time I used the outlet.I received a replacement and will be sure to test the outlet right away , and then use it only for small stuff . I had the unit for over a year and used it regularly for inflating car tires . It 's slow and loud but it worked well enough . The pressure gauge was even pretty close -LRB- 1psi high compared to an industrial gauge from Schrader -RRB- . I have never used it to jump start a car . I 'll put on safety glasses if I do ...
 I bought one of these about a year ago . Did everything I wanted and expected it to do . One minor complaint was it is rather heavy , BUT WORSE NOW is I can not get a new cable ass ' y for this model as it is no longer available . The unit is rendered useless without that cable . The plug in end always seems a bit flimsy , so I always kept it a separate bag rather than have it stick out and get bumped . It finally fell apart and ALL black and decker places have this cable labeled unavailable / no longer being manufactured no replacement . I just ordered a new model -LRB- JUS500IB -RRB- with attached and different cables , but if they are just as weak as my old one , it is going back . I wish B&D would make good on this as I deal with Amazon reasonably often and it makes them look bad . Sorry but that is what happened to me .
 Ive purchased a number of portable jump start units and they have all worked well for both jumps and aux DC and AC supplies . All of the compressors I have had have failed in the first year or two of useThis includes this unit which has just failed in month 18 . There is no support for parts or service I have foundI support four vehicles and boat trailers with it.Ive concluded these air compressors are useful for no more than monthly or even lower duty cycle use . Hooking up my trailers to get them to a station is not an option so I will purchase a low power electric compressor for this function moving forward and spare the compressors for other duties .
 I bought this junk about a year ago -LRB- unfortunately not from Amazon -RRB- . I 've used it for camping and inflating tires and blowup toys . Worked fine for about 6 months then the compressor just quit . Being a tool oriented kind of guy , I took it apart to see what was up . Come to find out , the `` piston ring '' that provides the seal for the compressor was only a cheap plastic washer , and had worn out already . After trying in vain to find replacement parts for this thing , I threw it away . Sad to see what B&D has become . I will never buy another of their products again .
 the main purpose of buying it was to jump start my car , because when i drive only short distances -LRB- several blocks -RRB- for a couple of weeks , my battery dies . my car has 8 cilinders , and the first $ 40 jumpstarter could n't start it . i returned it and bought this one , but it does n't start my car either . if you are bying this unit for starting your car , make sure it will be powerfull enough for your car . i realized it after 30 days and was not able to return .
 never did what it said it could do , the battery can not be replace as it as been discontinue . a waste of money and time , all it did was run a fan on my wood stove when the power went out , then it just died .
 Power pack arrived 2/3rd charged ! I suspect it was a return , but no proof of that . After fully charging I connected a 100 Christmas mini light string to it . It only lasted 2 hours . I used it later to pump up two bicycle tires . It did that in only a few minutes . Have not need to use the jump starter yet .
 This device will be likely be less than what you need . My hope was to use it for camping . The fact is that it discharges quickly while not in use . So mostly it is an expensive rechargeable flashlight.I would not count on it to start a car .
 I bought this because my truck is seldom driven and occasionally needs jumped . I also have a tire with a slow leak . Imagine my surprise when , after the unit was fully charged , it would not even begin to turn over the engine when I attempted to jump start my truck.Next I tried to air up a tire . To go from 15 PSI to 25 PSI took nearly 15 minutes ! I suppose if you have all day you could eventually hit 35 PSI but I finally got tired of waiting and gave up.Is this unit capable of doing anything successfully ? Not that I can tell ...
 I owned an identical unit for over ten years & was very pleased with it . When the battery would finally no longer hold a charge , I purchased the exact same unit ... about two months ago . However , when I attempted to use the new &#34; unit &#34; to inflate a tire , the plastic end &#34; piece &#34; broke off of the air hose . Extreamly cold weather might have been a contributing factor toward the failure of the &#34; plastic piece &#34; . I am going to contact the company next week to ascertain the worthyness of their warrenty .
 I bought this item years ago for my vehicle . The internal compressor assembly / hose connector broke on the very first start . I can fix most anything , but this thing is near impossible to open . For the money , one could do better .
 I did n't purchase mine through amazon , I purchased it at wal mart about 9 months ago . I have a V8 mustang and it would not jump start it . When I brought it home from the store I fully charged it per the directions . I never once jumped a car from it because it failed every time . So I just used it to pump up tires then , awful expensive tire inflator , but that stopped working about a month after using it . Even when I did inflate tires , it took about 20 minutes to put about 10lbs of pressure into a car tire . I would have gladly taken it back to walmart but I did n't have my receipt . I would never recommend buying this product as it is the most cheaply made jump box I have ever used and has totally turned me off on buying any black and decker products ever . Now I do n't even know how to dispose of it as I do n't want to just throw it away as it has batteries in it . The worst $ 100 I have ever spent !! Do not buy !!!
 I own a similar device that I purchased at one of the `` club stores '' 7 + years ago . It 's made by a different manufacturer that has been rock solid and it is slightly bigger -LRB- 500 amps -RRB- . I needed another one for my second home and decided to buy this Black & Decker model . It worked great for about a year , and then it stopped holding a charge . It wo n't run the compressor for more than a few minutes , and it wo n't even jump-start my 2 cylinder motorcycle or my riding mower.Maybe I got a bad unit , but I would n't buy another one of these from Black & Decker . It 's total junk compared to the other brand that I own -LRB- and the B&D ; one was n't cheap -RRB- . In general , I just have n't had a lot of good luck with Black & Decker products .
 I have owned an ElectroMate portable power supply for several years
 PIECE OF JUNK DO N'T BOTHER , AND YOU HAVE TO PAY TO SHIP IT BACK UPS . USED TWICE AND IT WOULD NOT CHARGE AFTER SECOND USE . THANK YOU BLACK AND DECKER FOR ANOTHER `` WONDERFUL PRODUCT '' WITH `` GREAT SERVICE '' AND INDIFFERENT ASSOCIATES . ITS A GOOD THING MY LIFE DID N'T DEPEND ON THIS THING WORKING .
 I bought this product to be able to power a small fan during outdoor events . The first one arrived and I charged as instructed . Tested the inflator , worked fine although it draind the battery dead after inflating 1 tire that was low . Recahrged again and plugged in small house fan , but nothing happened . Called Black and Decker , could ship to them and wait 6 weeks for a new one . Called Amazon , they were great and replaced the product . Got the replacement faster than I did the original . Charged as indicated , plugged a fan in , nothing again ! Called amazon for refund and there were no problems with amazon . Very disappointed that both products did n't work for the 1 thing I intended to use it for .
 Extreme word of caution in buying this item or just simply do not buy at all !! I purchased two of these Black & Decker VEC026BD Electromate 400s for both of my vehicles and found that both would not fully charge brand new -LRB- said 73 % on one and 70 % on another -RRB- . Without a full charge , they were not adequate enough to jump start either of my vehicles . We have attempted to trouble shoot them , but they simply will not take a full charge . I attempted to return them on Amazon LLC within two weeks of purchase , and because these are hazardous material , they will not accept a return . I wish I would have been told this when I purchased the items , because I would have never purchased them . Avoid purchasing these at all costs !
 The B&D Electromate 400 was quite useful while it lasted
 The good news is that this comes with a two year warranty . The bad news is that the first one I owned only lasted 7 months , the second one lasted 10 months and the third one lasted 11 months . In all three instances it was the air compressor that failed to work . On two occasions we had to pay a considerable amount to ship these back to B&D . The last one they sent to me had a Home Depot sticker on it which made me think that it was a display model.I had actually bought a one year extended warranty at Wal Mart which came in handy though our local Wal Mart no longer carries this item .
 The air compressor nozzle broke the second time I tried to use it . I was just blowing up bike tires . Shoddy quality.The spotlight is not very bright . You could read a book with it , you could n't light up an engine while fixing it at the side of the road a night.The AC power worked alright to run a lamp when we lost power for a couple hours last summer .
 Have owned 3 . The 1st was great ; lasted almost 3 yrs . I bought a 2nd which lasted 60 days . Warranty covered a 3rd which lasted about 14 months . Refuses to hold charge . Used almost exclusively to pump bicycle tires . Will not buy a 4th .
 I 've owned this jumper for almost a year , mostly used it to inflate tires or beach balls and etc. , few days ago tried to jump start my truck which has not been driven for over a week , I hooked it up and son of a b*&@#h , click click and click ! , so I figured needs more charging so took back home and plugged it in , 2 days later tried again and same thing , click click and more click ! , so I called AAA , and aaa guy showed up with a hand held jumper 1/3 in size ! hooked it up and i was able to start my truck !!! , good thing i did n't have to use in real emergency !
 Was very disappointed , it does NOT come with the attachment to CHARGE THE STUPID THING . ALSO , you can not even use a computer cord extension because it wo n't fit . So you have to go buy something else just so you can use this thing . Someone should have mentioned this . Now you guys know and wo n't be as pissed as I am when you realize you have to buy a cord .
 Bought this for jumping off my second vehicle which oftens goes several weeks without being driven and for powering small devices when camping . Worked fine for jumping off the vehicle ; however , used the unit to power an electrically powered air mattress inflator and it did fine . Went to plug in the small fan and nothing . For whatever reason , the electrical outlets do not work now . Tried everything.Follow up : Just received my second unit . Charged it 24 hours . Plugged in regular size box fan and the unit 's electrical outlet status light starts blinking green and shuts down after less than 2 minutes . Plugged in a small desk top fan and the same thing . Even plugged just my answering machine in and the same thing . Black and Decker must have issued a bad batch since most other reviews are positive.Amazon has been truly amazing . They shipped the replacement model which I received three business days after filing for a return and even had UPS pick up the original one .
 The B&D Electromate 400 is pictured and described as having 2 AC and 2 DC outlets . The device has been cheapened and actually only has 1 AC and 1 DC outlet . I am very disappointed in this misrepresentation . Additionally , the item can not be returned to Amazon as it is classified as `` hazardous '' .
 Nice unit , nice features - BUT no parts or service is available.After a few years of very light household duty , the air impeller on this model failed . After two year warranty expires , B&D ; offers NO customer service except to offer to sell you a new unit.If you are content with a two year lifecycle - buy it . If you think you getting a premium product from a company that cares about customer service , you will be as disappointed as I am.Note the positive reviews tend to be from new owners . I felt the same way when the product was new . But the quality is n't there over time , nor is customer service .
 Sadly Black and Decker has joined companies selling China made garbage under their once respected name.The internal charger stops holding a charge after a few uses and right at the warranty ending time , becomes a piece of garbage.Sad - I once trusted any product under the Black and Decker label but all their China made stuff is pure garbage and not worth the money .
 After owning this for about 2 1/2 years it no longer holds a charge , as a result I am unable to inflate even a bicycle tire before it goes dead on me . I even tried to run it to inflate tires with the charger connected to the household current , no luck . I have to admit I expected more from B&D considering the price , but I guess that 's why they only give a 2 year warranty .
 DO NOT BUY THIS IT IS JUNK . Air compressor does n't fill anything up . Wo n't hold a charge , even after charging it fully . It will die after charging a cell phone . Also , you can not return it through Amazon , because they consider it hazardous . What a waste.Amazon did come through and refunded the cost . Amazon is a great company . I still say save the hassle and research other products
 If you are looking for a power supply for portable items this is a good product . NOT so great for charging your car battery so dont buy it for that reason . I have had several instances where I needed a jump and had to take the charger in the house and charge it up forever . I have left it charging overnight in advance just incase , but that doesnt seem to help it store power . 400 amps just is not enough . There is no reason why this product shouldnt work for my car . I have a 2004 Corolla . Last night I was stranded again because my battery power was low . I had to call AAA . When the guy got to my car he told me my portable charger was a piece of junk . I agreed and will buy a diff one . Preferabley something with 900 + amps . But it charged up my cellphone pretty fast so that I could call AAA . I decided to just buy another one . I 'm disappointed in this product .
 This item never held a full charge from the first day I bought it . The power has been weak and after approx . 2 years would not jump start my car . I rarely used it during that time , just occasionally to inflate tires on our bikes and once on my vehicles tires . With the vehicle tires the power was too weak to inflate the tires . The battery died after approx . 3 1/2 years and does not function AT ALL now.Black and Decker does not disclose this fact in any of the marketing or information for this product.I spoke to Baccus Global Rep Larry -LRB- They are the auto division of Black and Decker -RRB- -LSB- &#8230; -RSB- and he was unwilling to provide any help regarding replacing this unit . He even threatened me when I told him I would give this item a negative review . I 'm pretty sure most customers have the expectation that this unit will last longer than it did and provide the services it says it will . WARNING - it does not . It 's a waste of money.In general I have also found Black and Decker battery operated vacuums & products to be a disappointment . They make their vacuums so that if you wanted to replace the battery it costs more than a new vacuum . Their lawn care products - blowers , trimmers , edgers all have the same poor battery performance.Poor customer service and poor product vision = poor company .
 At least my car was in the driveway when it decided not to start so it wasnt too bad . I am now searching on amazon for one with higher than 400 power . It would not start my six cylinder engine on my crossfire . I think it will be ok in the other vehicles that have four cylinders . No way this would ever start a V8 . It was fully charged just not enough oomph . The K&K ; models look interesting but I am not excited about having to tend them while they are charged to prevent damage . Unit does work well for powering less taxing things though and the pump works well , just wont start your car if you have a six cylinder or up.Hope this helps .
 I purchased this 1 year ago . The price was ok and the Black and Decker name was reassuring . It worked pretty well for pumping up my lawn tractor and dirtbike tires until last week . Everything works fine on the unit EXCEPT the air pump -LRB- which is the main reason I purchased it -RRB- . The compressor turns on but no air . The air hose attachment is no better than a manual pump . BUYER BEWARE !
 While the battery and jump starting parts of this unit are great , the compressor is n't up to par . The piece at the end of the air hose that attached to the valve on the tire is made out of cheap plastic , which broke right off after using a few times . So now I have to buy a new jumpstarter/compressor , but it wo n't be this Black & Decker . Oh yeah , why they did n't include a charging cord with this thing is just beyond me . You have to use one of those 5-plug power strips , it 's pretty lame and inconvenient .
 I bought two of these units -LRB- not from amazon -RRB- . I had a couple of occasions to use it on batteries . Even though I charged the unit , it failed to charge a car battery on about the third battery I tried to charge . These were not back to back chargings but spread over a period of time . Also , the air compressor failed after a while in one unit . Basically I rate these poorly , being trustworthy only as a one shot deal .
 I bought the Black and Decker Electromate 400 Power Station for my wife when our girls developed the bad habit of flipping on interior lights in her van and draining her battery . I would have just bought an extra battery and a trickle charger , but I thought the Electromate Power Station would come in handy in an emergency . It worked great for a few months . Then I left it on charge so it would be ready in case of emergency . When tornadoes swept through Northern Alabama and the power was out , I turned to my Electromate Power Station to keep my cell phone charged . It failed . Somehow the battery was totally drained , despite having been plugged into the wall up until the power outage . I 'm disappointed to have wasted my money on a piece of emergency equipment that failed me when I needed it the most .
 I have only used it on one trip so far . It ran a 7 '' diameter DC fan for close to eight hours per night for three consecutive nights , charged my cell phone from dead and still showed two out of three battery lights on the meter . I have only tested the AC outlets briefly and have not used the compressor or jump starter yet . So far I LOVE it and would recommend it.UPDATE July 2012
 Installed part and belt would not stay on.I had to go ahead and buy an ac compressor so i could use my truck .
 Ordered these from Amazon around Christmas of 2011 . Worked pretty good 1st month -LRB- no snow -RRB- just rain then started streaking really bad , stuttering , finally yesterday May 16 it tore apart . Side bar
 I have an old Volvo with Bosch wipers . The blades only fit after I did some cutting -LRB- not because of the length but because of the way the wipers hold the blades -RRB- . The silicone coating also does n't really work . If the car is parked you can see that less water accumulates where the coating lies . However during driving I do n't see the waterdrops being pushed away by the wind , even at speeds of 60 mph.Even worse , the blades do n't run smoothly so they leave streaks and small droplets on the windshield .
 This 24 '' refill does not fit 2003 Ifiniti Coupe . However the 17 '' refill fits perfectly . I guess some refills are wider than others .
 First I want to say I never got to use these . I could not get them installed and broke the blade holder trying to install them . This review is meant as a warning to 2007 or later Honda Civic owners that may be interested in using refills instead of the whole blade holder . DO N'T . I 've installed my share a of refill blades on many different models of vehicles - accept my own . It took me an hour to get one refill almost installed and at the last , I ended up breaking the blade holder . I can not attest the the quality or performance of this product , I am simply trying to warn anyone with a 07 Civic ; think twice about what your time and aggravation is worth . I ended up buying Bosch Icon full blade replacements that where installed in under 5 minutes . Good luck to you !
 Worked awesome as refills for my VW MKV Rabbit/Golf but then pretty much died a fast death after 3-4 months and I live in Seattle where temps are mild and it was when we really did n't have much rain -LRB- shocker -RRB- . Since then have gone back to the dealership refills . Oh well ...
 Feeling so `` smart '' to have these in my SUV , it was a very false sense of security . The first time I tried to jump someone else 's vehicle , it did not work . I just assumedit was her bad battery or another problem . A few days later , I left my car switched on and tried to jump it to no avail . Borrowed a super cheap pair of cables andit was an instant jump . Tested yet a 3rd time and they still did not work . Such a shame as they are really convenient and the idea is a good one .
 Trailer coverIt did fit nicely . But the first wind we had , the first . It blew to pieces . Came apart at the seams . Wind was approx 20MP , trailer is between 2 houses , not out in the open . If we knew it could not hold up to a wind , we would not have bought it .
 This RV cover -LRB- # 75563 -RRB- is advertised for all 5th Wheel trailers of a certain length range . That is the only restriction listed . The instructions shipped with the cover state that it should not be used on RV 's with a rubber roof -LRB- Note ; most RV roofs are now covered by a rubber membrane -RRB- . If you do , the warranty is voided . This fact must be declared by Amazon or they shall be responsible for the stated warranty .
 We bought this cover after reading mixed reviews , but nowhere was it mentioned how short it is.Look CLOSE at the trailer on the picture . Unless it 's seriously PhotoShopped , there 's no A/C or anything on the roof , and the nose cone is n't very tall.We have an RV 5th wheel , with vaulted ceilings and a stand-up bedroom over the tongue . It also has the typical A/C and vents on top . This cover is at LEAST 2-3 feet too short . It does n't wrap around the nose cone nor does it reach all the way to the bottom of the sidewalls , so it does n't fit or wrap up properly.Furthermore , I read that people had problems with it ripping to shreds in light wind . I can see that happening . While I was pulling the strings tight through the buckles , the side material of the cover tore very easily , with little tension . On a 40 ' trailer , it only has 4 tie downs along the lower sides , leaving the cover very flappy . If we were to keep it , we 'd have to buy a couple hundred feet of rope and just start wrapping all around it , to keep it from blowing away.This is something that we wo n't be buying sight-unseen again , or at least not without a LOT of calls to the company and questions first .
 I made this purchase just before putting our 5th wheel in storage for the summer . I 've had other covers . If we 'd not been so rushed I 'd have returned this cover , although there are some good things about it . First the pros . The price was reasonable and I needed it quickly so prime delivery was a big consideration . It seems reasonably well made and was fairly easy to install . It is under warranty for 3 years . We 'll have to see how it wears . The cons are as follow . There are no instructions other than the picture on the box . There are velcro tabs on one side that have no reciprocating velcro fastening places anywhere . Although in okay condition , the cover I received had clearly be out of the box , unrolled on grass and weed surface and probably installed on another , dirty 5th wheel before it was shipped to me . There seemed to be pieces missing and there were dirty smudges on the cover . Had I not been pressed by need and time I 'd not have accepted this cover .
 I bought this fuel pump in September 2011 . Immediately after installation , my fuel gauge would not register properly - if it worked at all . That was the first clue that this was an inferior product , but since it had already been installed there was no chance of returning it and I figured I would just deal with it.When my Jeep would not start in March 2012 and left me stranded , troubleshooting indicated the fuel pump was the cause.The only good thing about this pump was the lesson I learned - if the fuel pump is in the tank , buy a name-brand or OEM pump when replacing it .
 The mats did not fit . I called the company and asked for a RA and they said they would mail it to me . That was 3 weeks ago and now they wo n't answer the phone at all . I am assuming I am just out the money for the mats . I would NOT use this company again !
 Would n't buy this again . Lasted less than a week before dying on me . Amazon informs me I need to put at least twenty words into this review , so OK , it was shorter than one week before it died . Maybe that 's clear and long enough .
 Right now my rating is 1 out of 5 due to the fact that it was broken when it arrived , may change when a new one arrives
 OK ! YOU DIDNT LIKE MY PREVIOUS REVIEW BECAUSE OF A COUPLE OF BAD WORDS ??? HERE ! THESE NEON PLATE FRAMES ARE GARBAGE ??? THE TRANSFORMER SHORTS AND BLOWS FUSES AND BURNS WIRES ? THEY ARE NO GOOD ! DONT BUY THEM THEY ONLY LAST A FEW MONTHS AND THEN YOU GET TO PAY AN ELECTRICIAN TO FIND THE PROBLEM WHEN YOUR OTHER LIGHTS DONT WORK BECAUSE WHEN THE TRANSFORMER IN THESES SHORTS OUT ! AND THEY WILL ! YOU FIND THE FUSE AND CHECK FOR BURNT WIRING ??? : - -RRB- MY AVALANCHE IS IN THE SHOP AS I WRITE THIS GETTING IT REMOVED AND FUSES REPLACED ! AND BURNT WIRES ! SO GO AHEAD BUY ONE ! YOU `` WILL '' BE SORRY ! GO LEDS : - -RRB-
 This does n't even deserve 1 starWorthless product . If you are looking for a consumer paint that glows in the dark . This ai n't it . I painted a white handtruck with this paint and let it sit in the sunlight all day . I 'm in Cali 88 degrees bright and sunny . Looked out my window when it got dark and I could n't see the handtruck . Total waste of money
 Application
 product did not fit and no size information was available on the product description ! I own a toyota truck and it did not fit . looks good but again it has a weird thread pattern
 Product did not fit despite OEM claim . I recommend that you confirm parts with your dealer prior to making an online purchase .
 If you used the finder to locate wiper blades for a 2006 Mercedes ML350 - do not order these ! They are the wrong size - way wrong .
 This shift knob seemed to be well built , but came loose within two days . Also the instructions were not very detailed or helpful for that matter .
 When i got it I was excited however it does not fit my car so I ended up throwing it away . The opening is too small for my car .
 I usually look at the reviews , but I did n't because I thought that by now -LRB- 2012 -RRB- a company would have a grip on what fits what . I 'd like to think that you could trust someones word on the fit of such a simple little item such as a shift knob . This knob by this company that I bought it from is a money grab of some type , because shift knobs do n't just fit any car . I fell for it . The part itself is fine for wtfever vehicle it is intended for . But I missed the memo on which one it is actually for . Not a 03 Cavalier , and I would have known that if I had taken just a minute to browse the reviews
 Tried to fit this on to my car , but for some reason does n't fit my 2003 cavalier . We 'll see if i can fix , only then will I change this review .
 I PUT THIS IN MY 2004 MONTE CARLO AND IT DIDNT LAST A DAY . THE SCREWS ARE NOT VERY STURDY SO IT CAME LOOSE AND AFTER HOURS OF FRUSTRATION I JUST BOUGHT A SMITH N WESSON ONE -LRB- WHO KNE THEY MADE THEM :-RRB- - FOR THE SAME PRICE !!
 It 's a good product for maintenance of headlight lenses so they will never get to that cloudy oxidized look , but if your headlights are that way already do n't waste your time and money it will not get the job done plus the small , and i do mean small change is only temporary
 I bought this product to reduce the micro fine scratches in a collection of plastic welding helmet eyeglass inserts , that are essentially `` cheaters '' for welders.I went through the routine as described on the bottle , at least 20 times over a period of two days , on my first sample . These were nothing more than scuff scratches . After what must have been a total of one hour of work of buffing -LRB- with an old flannel shirt -RRB- on this same piece of plastic , I will say that there was about a 25 % improvement , at the most . The scratches are still there and quite visible.Now , each of these eyeglass inserts goes for about $ 5 on Amazon . Sooooooo , you do the math . Was I wise to spend an hour of work on a five dollar item ? If I hired someone to do it for me , I would be prosecuted for paying below the minimum wage.In retrospect , I have deteremined that there is indeed one scratch that this product will most definitely remove . And dat be the scratch in yo wallet , bro.Ron DiGiovanniEaston , PA
 Had the ` foggy ' headlight problem . Put this on the lenses , buffed , etc. . After 3 times & worn out from buffing , I saw little , if any , improvement . Other folks claimed some sucess , I saw none .
 This product did nothing for my car . I have tried all the plastic cleaners , and the only ones that work as advertise are the ones that require sanding . Save yourself the money and buy the 3M Headlight lens restoration system .
 I did n't know you had 3 differint types of the cleaner . This one if for very lite haze . You would need the one with heavy haze to fix the headlites the right way . I have n't even tried this yet , but know it wo n't work well .
 This product claims to restore plastic but after 10 minutes of scrubbing one headlight cover with it and a terry cloth -LRB- as recommended -RRB- , there was hardly any noticeable difference . I do some bodybuilding so strength of pressure application is not the problem ! There are better products out there but I do n't know if I 'm allowed to mention a competitor 's name lest someone think I work for them -LRB- I do n't -RRB- -- it 's Novus ' 3-step system !
 I washed my headlights and proceeded to polish with this product for an hour and saw no improvements . I will go back to the traditional method of restoration .
 Although this product seems to be rated highly by other buyers it fell way short of my expectations . My van is 5 years old and does not have severe discoloration but this product removed very little of it . I advise using one of the heavier duty products .
 Brought PIAA bulbs for the car hoping to have brighter headlamps . PIAAs were brighter , but the haze/fog on the old headlamps really dull the light.Brought this hoping for a quick and cheap solution to fogging headlamp problem . Applied per instructions and it just cleaned the lenses but did not remove most of the fog . It is similar to the old turtle wax with a little bit of abrasives in the solution - cleans but not abrasive enough to take out the haze . A waste of money . I will try some chrome cleaner or silver polisher next . If that does n't work , will just order replacement headlamps from Amazon.com ; which is about 2x the price of the more expensive haze/fog removers . And those may not work either .
 I ordered this product to clear some fogging on a convertable vinyl window and it did not help at all . I was very dissapointed in it 's performance .
 This product did work ... Some . I have a 2005 vow jetta out in California and the headlamps were pretty bad and one needed replacement . There my reference is pretty accurate . Comparing the ` repaied ' with the new , this product only restores to about 50 % of the original . This might be acceptable to simply improve 2 existing but looks obviously different aside a new headlamp .
 I tried it on my 2002 Lexus gs 300 and the results were not very good . I followed the exact directions that came with it . They improved but only for a few weeks-then they were cloudy again . Finally , i paid Lexus dealer $ 200.00 to do it with a product called BG . The result was very good , and 3 months out it continues to look very good . I do not reccomend Plastx , unless your headlights are mildly fogged . The BG is far better .
 This product did not improve the clarity of the hazed headlamps on my 1997 Dodge Caravan . At least it did no harm.P.S . The product that did the trick was `` CCP 5 Minute Headlamp Lens Restorer ''
 i was excited to buy this product hoping it will clean my 2003 taurus ' headlight shield but alas it did n't do a thing . all the advertisement that it will make the headlight shield look brand new is exagerated . do n't buy this item , save your money or try another brand . and for my rating that should be 0 star not 1 star , i just accidentaly clicked the mouse ...
 I like this brand of auto wax so I thought I 'd give this a try . Very dissapointed in the results . Does n't work as well as another product I used a few years earlier and I 'll have to search for that one again at my local auto parts store .
 This product worked just ok for my vehicles . In all honesty we want things done now and the best possible way and this just was n't working . I suggest using Plexus cleaner , it is the best and used by the best . A little pricey but it works like no other . I love Meguiar 's products and I use their waxes and soaps but when it comes to plastic cleaners use Plexus . It 'll take you less than a minute per headlight to get the yellow out and look brand new .
 If you have any discoloration you really need to use a restoration system like the 3M has . I used this product before I restored my head lites and after . it did n't do anything either way . I also used the Mequiars Supreme Shine Microfiber cloth with the PlastX . It was a waste of money
 I bought this product based on the number of 5-star positive reviews . I tried it on 4 separate cars -LRB- ages of 16 years old , 11 years old , 8 years old and a 1-year old -RRB- , that are both garaged and left outdoors in the mild , wet winters and the smoking hot , humid summers of Southeast Texas . The headlights were washed and dried before the PlastX cleaner was applied . The three oldest cars were tested first . From oxidized and foggy to perfectly clear ? No , so not worth any stars . Any positive improvement ? maybe 1/2 a star . This product did not help the aging oxidized headlights as previous reviews have suggested . The last headlights tested were on a 2009 honda van . They were n't damaged or faded , so there was n't anything to notice except that it does work as a polish .
 This product claims to restore plastic but after 10 minutes of scrubbing one headlight cover with it and a terry cloth -LRB- as recommended -RRB- , there was hardly any noticeable difference . I do some bodybuilding so strength of pressure application is not the problem ! There are better products out there but I do n't know if I 'm allowed to mention a competitor 's name lest someone think I work for them -LRB- I do n't -RRB- -- it 's Novus ' 3-step system !
 I used this product a few times on one of my headlights that was starting to oxidize and it covered up the problem , but within a few washes and a few more applications , it actually made the oxidation worse . Maybe I used it incorrectly , I 'm not really sure , but I have n't used it since . That headlight was eventually restored by a professional and then replaced as it got damaged in an accident . I do like Meguiars products , just not this one . My other headlight is starting to look a little shabby and I decided to use Ultimate Compound by Meguiars and it has done a much better job . I also used it on my girlfriend 's and dad 's headlights and the Ultimate Compound really cleared away the oxidation . I then followed that with some carnauba wax , very nice .
 This cleaner is nothing special . I applied it several times and I could not see a difference in the lens quality . It did remove a few spec of road grime . My freind gave me a product from walmart , that really worked well . So I went and purchased it . Applied it again . What a difference . You can purchase several cleaners products at Walmart for 1/2 the cost of Meguir 's . Meguiar 's Clear Plastic Cleaner is not worth the premium price you pay for it .
 I got tired of seeing the commercials and wondering if these products really work . Now I know , they help a little , but do not restore the lense to perfect like they claim . It did make the light seem brighter , but the lense still looks old and dull , not like the one on the other side .
 I bought this Cleaner because of the good reviews it has . I wanted to clean the headlights on my 6 years old car as they became foggy and blured . I 've followed the instructions on the back of the bottle , I even bought the `` Megular 's Even Coat Aplicator Pad '' as stated in these instructions - no result at all . The blurred part of the lights stayed blured and the part that was n't that bad got a little more shiny here and there , but I did n't need this - I needed overall improvement and I did n't get it . So if you have slight problems with your headlights it may work for you , but harder spots does n't get improved at all ! I guess this is part of those ads where you need to by something , then you need to buy SAME company accessories to work with the product -LRB- of course -RRB- and at the end you 're finishing with whole bunch of workless junk . Later on I found there is kits containing everything you need so you do n't have to buy such items separately . My advise to you - go to your local autoshop and buy such items from there so if something do n't work for you at least it 'll be easier for returns and get your money back . If you buy online the item is yours forever - it 's pointless to return it as it 's pretty heavy and the shipping costs are on you . Then you end up with 3/4 full bottle of something that does n't work and you 'll be like me - very dissapointed ...
 I tried this product after the 3M lens restoration kit to get the lense even clearer and it did n't help at all . I had some Zymol cleaner wax and it was much better . Amazon even sells Zymol .
 There are plenty of headlight restoration kits on the market now . I went to Pep Boys , looked at the different kits , and decided that 3M , being a giant industrial chemical conglomerate , probably has the best egg heads in their labs . I have a 2005 Nissan Murano and the headlights were getting foggy and a little yellow . Not hideous , but not brand new looking anymore . First off , if you do n't have flat , simple headlights , this is going to take more like 3-5 hours than 1 hour . I 'm a perfectionist , and my car-buff brother and I went to town with this kit to get my headlights back to new . This kit just does n't deliver . The fogging from before is `` gone , '' but now the entire headlights are slightly foggy . No , we did n't over-sand them . Yes , we followed the directions exactly , even following the `` tips and tricks '' section of the instruction . We wiped the slurry and dust away every 1-2 minutes , etc. . Our method was , humbly put , flawless . The product just does n't do what you 'd hope . So , yes , it makes an improvement , but it will NOT return your headlights back to new like their little pictures and diagrams show they will . So , basically , I spent -LSB- ... -RSB- on the kit when it was on sale , and got about a -LSB- ... -RSB- improvement on the appearance of my car . My car , btw , is babied , covered , and coveted . I 'm very , very disappointed . A professional car detailer with this kit could n't get the headlights back to looking new with this kit . Perhaps it 's because Nissan does use shoddy plastics and glasses for their headlights , which is well documented , and I hope that 's the culprit , but I 'm suspect that it 's just this product . Try a different one unless you get a really good deal and you 're simply looking for a slight improvement .
 I have ordered these mats second time now . When I ordered the mats first time they were `` Made in USA '' product and were really good heavy duty rubber mats but this time they are `` Made in China '' mats and are very light cheap look alike stuff . So BE CAREFUL . The packing says it is Kraco heavy duty mats but they are not original . I would NOT RECOMMEND .
 Installed great at first , but after a month , it stuck my car in Park . I could not shift the knob , and my key did n't come out of the ignition . Had to get a tool set and rip it off before being able to use my car . A cheap product that does n't last very long .
 It is anything but `` heavy duty . '' My vinyl is on a boat and is heavily soiled and this product did not touch it . Went with Simple Green , elbow grease and a scrubby and it worked better .
 I do n't see where this does anything of value ! Please water cleans just as well . It might protect -- I do n't know , but it certainly does not clean !
 If you are into disassembling your entire engine to get to a piece in the logical sequence of a teardown , this might be for you . Terrible pictures and the age old deconstruction approach to every repair make the Jaguar online forums a much better resource if something is broken on your kitty .
 I live on the Delmarva peninsula and this product did not touch water spots left by irrigation overspray ... I would advise looking elsewhere .
 I tried this product on my truck and it did n't really take off the hard water stains like it said it would . I would n't suggest using this product.I was very disappointed with it .
 I tried this and it did n't work at all ! I expected more from meguiars ! I bought it from them because of there reputation , however do n't waist your money .
 Worth less soap and water would do a better job . Do not buy this product . It 's waste of time and money .
 bought this cause of the name meguiars.figured it would work . didnt even touch waterspots . tried 4 other products . the only product worth buying is spot x hard water spot remover.works unbelievable.had spots baked on c6 corvette hat had spots baked on from florida sun .20 minutes window looks brand new .
 I bought the car charger adapter for the All-Start mini-jumper because I lost the wall charger when we moved . Do n't waste your time . This does n't work . I loved the All-start jumper but if I had known that I would n't be able to buy replacement accessories , I never would have purchased it . Searched all over the internet to buy another charger . nothing . Also , allstartgroup.com is no longer valid . But another brand !!!
 I used this piece of junk one time . The next time I tried to use it , it did absolutely nothing . When I plug it into the wall it will not take a charge . So I went to allstart 's website and emailed customer service and my email got returned . It 's past the return period , so basically I 'm stuck with a $ 65 paperweight .
 This has been the most unreliable product that I have ever purchased . It has never worked . It has never been of any help in jump starting my car . They do n't have any customer service number to call for help , or to return . I have to give this product a `` negative '' rating , and recommend that anyone considering buying it to not . I would suggest you buy another maker , rather then this brand name . I feel like my purchase of this product was a waste of money , and time . I do n't want to slam a whole country for my dis-satisfaction with this product , but it was made in China .
 The charger light did n't come on when I plugged it in . I left it on to see if it would charge up . It did n't . I returned it .
 Bought this about a year ago . Worked great in LA but as soon as I moved to NYC it crapped out.I typically use this to jumpstart my Harley and it just does n't seem to produce enough juice to crank the bike . I 've had to jump the bike using jumper cables and my car.Would definitely get something stronger next time .
 Bought this several months ago ... of the five times I tried to use it , it worked twice . Just not enough power . I also misplaced the charging cord and there does n't seem to be any way to contact the manufacturer ... at least nothing valid on the ` Net . Certainly no Customer Service ... Amazon should quit selling these if they have n't already . Good idea poorly executed and no support .
 I paid for 2 day shipping - Amazon split the order and I am missing 1 of 4 - late!This is costing me $ 59/day for a rental car as the item is the oxygen sensor to my Mercedes . Boach recommended I order them direct from Amazon . I did n't know they could split the order and delay items. : - -LRB-
 Description states the product fits a 1995 BMW 318ti truck lid ... Even did the Amazon verification to make sure the product was compatible with the vehicle . It verified it was . The product , however , does n't fit ... it was way too short . There seems to be a problem with the description and verification process . I now have to having to return the product at my expense despite being led to believe it was compatible with my vehicle .
 I read a lot of reviews and even checked this product out on Youtube . It sounded pretty good , so I purchased one container of Blue Job Chrome Polish and 2 packages of Blue Job Pipes Wipes . The total cost was $ 24.50 -LRB- pricey -RRB- , but the promise of having shinny pipes on my BMW R1150R was worth it . When I opened the container , I was immediately taken back by the small amount of polish sitting in the bottom this oversized container . The container could have been a fraction of its size and still have held the polish . I followed the directions and even used an orbital sander with the pipe wipes as instructed on Youtube . I was expecting to have enough Polish to do both pipes , but I ran out before I was done . The pipes looked better , but not $ 24.50 better . After riding my bike , my pipes were blued again . I have seen a lot of BMW motorcycles with blued pipes . Due to a lot of good reviews , I suspect that bluing pipes are inherent to BMW pipes on boxer engines .
 A complete waste . I followed the directions to the letter , and it did nothing . My CBX pipes are still blue .
 HORRIBLE product . Complete waste of money . Did n't do anything they claim it does . My pipes do n't look any better than they did before . Save yourself some money and buy the stuff at the dollar store for a buck ; will do just as much as this expensive stuff .
 Read several reviews of Blue Job online - some positive , some negative - and thought I 'd give it a try on my 2007 Triumph America with deeply blued pipes . What a disappointment . After a lot of work -LRB- including using a power buffer -RRB- I noticed a minimal effect . Not worth the time , effort , or money . Bottom line - got blue pipes ? Do n't let them make you blue , too . Learn to live with it .
 Mag wheel aluminum polish put out by mothers and sold at Walmart works better . This stuff is basically the grit and you wet a pad for the grit to sti k to and when you try polishing half ends up on the floor . Not that good buy mothers .
 This product did n't work at all.I trued several times but got no results .
 Performance Accessories 152 3 '' Body Lift Kit Chevy S Series Blazer / Gmc Jimmy 98-03I ORDERED THIS KIT AND GOT A 2 '' BODY LIFT KIT AND NOT THE 3 '' SO I RETURNED IT !!! THEN I RECIEVED A REPLACEMENT KIT AND IT WAS ANOTHER 2 '' LIFT NOT MY 3 '' KIT , VERY UPSETTING CONSIDERING I HAD A SHOP LINED OUT & RENTED TO INSTALL THIS WEEKEND BUT THEY DID GET ME ANOTHER 2 '' KIT QUICK BUT IM STILL WAITING FOR MY 3 '' BODY LIFT KIT
 These shocks were touted as performance shocks , an upgrade over the OEM ones . My suggestion , go with the OEM ones if you are looking to restore original ride smoothness and handling .
 The picture has now changed , but when i purchased the 2 '' body lift kit , the picture showed * Bumper raising brackets * when I opened the box , there was none . This was my fault for not reading exactly what was included but for $ 106 they could have tossed in a couple cheap metal brackets .
 I purchased one of these as part of a Groupon Goods deal shortly before the Super Bowl . Though it appears to serve its purpose well , the colors of the mat themselves look very dull and the trademark gold of the Saints helmet looks more gray than anything . This is in complete contrast to the sample images I 've seen strewn across the net which feature comparatively bright colors -- and it makes the mat look very cheap indeed.Would not purchase again , and certainly would n't recommend this product to anyone .
 hello i sent this package back to you but my post office in this town is having a hard time so as soon as they figure it out it will be on its way back to you thanks the part was the wrong one for my truck its a 2012 dodge ram 1500
 I ordered two of these parts because MOOG is supposedly good stuff . One was similar to the picture but had no zerk fitting . The other was completely wrong . I sent the wrong one back and they sent me one that had a nylock nut instead of a castle nut and still no zerk fitting . Also the top nut diameter was much smaller . At that point Amazon gave up and I sent both back.I then ordered two more from another place . One looked just like this picture , with zerk and all . The other looked like the second one Amazon sent . AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaH !!!!!!!!!!! All the boxes look identical K9011 .
 Product didnt lower coolent temperature in both vehicles it was used in.Followed the instructions , added proper number of ounces to cooling systems , saw no noticable reduction in coolant tempertures in either motor .
 I brought this product to my mechanic to see if it is advisable to add to my coolant while at service . He told me never use with aluminum radiators . Also there is nothing wrong with my coolant system so he flushed the system with distill water and added Toyota Red coolant to a mix approximately 50/50 . The mechanic added , only Royal Purple product he might use is brake fluid for its color so when you flush the brake system you can easier to tell the fluid is clear when purple fluid starts breeds out.I was laughing reading those reviews of swearing up and down how good all the Royal Purple products are . Those clowns are very likely working for or owning Royal Purple .
 Have n't used this product , but simple logic makes me wonder how it affects cooling system thermostats . Since the thermostat controls coolant temperature , any product should have no effect on operating temperature unless the system was unable to cool properly , i.e. extreme high ambient temps , extreme duty -LRB- continuous max or high power service of engine installations not designed for such service -RRB- , cooling system malfunction , etc. . Any engine installation designed for high ambient temps or extreme duty and long life should include a sufficiently capable cooling system -LRB- read as `` more radiator and coolant capacity '' -RRB- . Any cooling problems this product would `` fix '' would seem to have a cause other than a coolant deficiency , i.e. misapplication of the engine installation , poorly designed cooling system , airflow inhibiting accessories , etc. , making this product a `` band-aid '' fix rather than a solution to the root cause . When this product breaks down , the `` band-aid '' fix it provides would also -LRB- assumably -RRB- disappear . Might be great for drag or short distance race vehicles , or occasional use only equipment using straight water , or for distressed cooling systems for short term fix , but does not seem appropriate as a long term fix for intended use applications .
 As far as the product goes I would rate it 5 stars . But the ad says it is a 16 0z . bottle , and what you are paying for is a 16 oz . bottle , but what you get is a 12 0z . bottle.Cost too much to return , will not order this again from Amazon .
 Put this in a Envoy XUV with 17,500 original miles hoping to maybe squeeze a little MPG 's based on the other reviews I read here on Amazon . What a crock ! Did nothing remotely close to lowering temp . Just lowered my pocket book by $ 28 and change because I bought 2 bottles based on Purple 's rep. I had e-mailed telling me 1oz per quart of capacity . Figured I would then put the rest in my wife 's Accord . Temp is actually higher ! I e-mailed rep back and here is what he said : I 'm sorry that you having noticed a temperature drop as of yet , but Purple Ice will not cause an increase in operating temperature . Was this vehicle running hot to begin with ? If so , was the root cause investigated?No radiator additive will cause an a thermostatically controlled cooling system to run consistently colder than the thermostat set-point . The thermostat is there to help the engine warm up quickly be restricting coolant flow until the coolant reaches a certain temperature . That is its function . If the coolant goes below that set-point the thermostat closes and the coolant begins to increase in temperature until the t-stat opens again.If you were not having overheating problems , why did you purchase and use a product that is intended to alleviate overheating problems ? The product works as exactly advertised . If you would like the vehicle to run colder that the current t-stat set-point you may try installing a cooler t-stat . Purple Ice will help you vehicle achieve this lower temperature after the mechanical restrictions to such an end are removed.In my opinion FALSE ADVERTISING and a SNAKE OIL product BEWARE .
 I have an 89 jeep cherokee known for running HOT !! and I ran it through w/antifreeze and did not notice a difference then ran it w/straight water and it ran a little cooler but it still overheated going up hill in hot weather and sitting in traffic .
 I would not recommend running RP ICE with Aluminum engine or radiators with DISTILLED WATER.This ONLY applies to DISTILLED WATER with out anti-freeze . RP ICE with distilled water is corrosive and will eat away at your aluminum engine parts.I ran RP ICE with distilled water combo for max cooling for my track car . What happened was my heater core was corroded and started leaking from corrosion caused by this product.Also what you will notice is if you get this product on aluminum parts , it will stain the metal white and can not be wiped off . It also leaves a grey coating inside your radiator and piping.I would recommend using Redline Water Wetter as an alternative . I get the same results with water wetter and it CAN be used with 100 % distilled water with OUT anti freeze.I am a BIG fan of RP products and PR ICE is the only product from them that i have had problems with.If you run RP ICE with distilled and ANTI FREEZE , you will be ok . I would still recommend RL Water Wetter
 I have tried this on Love bugs and it works fine if you use it right away . Of course , so would soap and water . For bugs that have been on the front of my truck for more than a few hours , it does very little . And the previous reviewer was right ; it does make more of a mess and needs to be washed off with soap and water .
 Pissed off at the fact that I thought my car would be fixed but yet it is now just a new problem . ...
 I ordered this pump it came super fast 2 days I dropped the tank to find out the wiring plug will not fit . no wiring plug to splice it in . also no fuel lines came as shown in photo . had to go to advanced auto to finish up the job . just a great big hassel . sent the pump back to amazon for a refund . hope this helps you .
 I used this on my car the other day for the first time with excitement . I ended the clean with less enthusasism : -LRB- I bought two with the hopes of using one in the house and one on the car . Will try two for the car on wash number two . Maybe that will make the job easier.Also takes a few swipes to pick up the water . Need at least a second try . I detailed the clean with a nice towel `` Meguiar 's X2020 Supreme Shine Microfiber - Pack of 3 '' I bought two of these and should have just bought four sets in hindsight . They work as advertised and am impressed with the results . Easy to use and no streaks.These special type of absorbents all give me difficulty and have yet to find the trick or the magic chamois or absorber . This was definately not it !
 As a microfiber towel substitute , I thought this absorber towel would completely suck up every bit of water after rinsing the car , but it didnt . Even being mostly dry and wringing out as much water as I could from the towerl , it still left streaks of water which I had to finish drying off with a microfiber towel.Also , I followed instructions and left it a bit damp inside the plastic bottle then it grew mold all over the towel after not using it for 3 weeks . Ended up throwing it away . I was only been able to use it twice .
 I have bought this item considering this would be good for car wash . My primary purpose was to dry the car after washing , but it 's not its not drying all the water . Also this is not lint free , you can notice the water spots .
 I GUESS SOMEONE WANTED IT MORE THAN I DID IT WAS GONE BEFORE I RECEIVED IT NOT YOUR FAULT.THANKSBILL MARTIN
 It worked great the first few times , but stiffened and did n't absorb as well after a while . Maybe I did n't care for it properly , but if that 's the case then it requires a lot of work .
 I had used this to dry my car - basically all it did was make big water beads into smaller ones ... ** wring out ** ... make the smaller beads into even smaller beads ... ** wring out ** ... make the even smaller beads into streaks ... I hope you get the point . It basically just pushes water around . I 'm going to try the Meguiar system to dry cars . I guess the only redeeming quality of this product is that it dries to a wavy sheet of synthetic material , which is kind of cool to look at ...
 Not that good . I based my purchasing decision on the great reviews here , but should have paid more attention to the one negative . Yes , it does a good job sucking up water , but it 'll be completely saturated in just a few seconds , and then you 're ringing the heck out of it to get the water out of it . Another couple of seconds , and it 's completely soaked again , and you 're ringing the heck out of it again . A real pain to be constantly ringing it out just to use it for another couple of seconds . And if you do n't ring it out , it 'll just streak and leave large amounts of water behind . I suppose if I had 5 or 10 of them I would n't be complaining , but I had money to buy 5 or 10 of these at $ 12 a pop , I would n't be washing my car myself . I 'll stick with my good , clean , cotton towels to dry ...
 I had high hopes for this cloth . It came in with massive multiple wrinkles in it . OK , so lets get it wet , use it and then hang to dry . It dries stiff as a bone , and the wrinkles are still there , warping the integrity of the cloth . Does it work otherwise ? Yes . Kinda drags on my granite countertops tho . Big disappointment ...
 This cloth came half hard and half soft . The hard side does n't get softer so it is hard to use to do anything with when it is dry . Felt like I threw my money away on this product .
 I 'm glad bought this exact item through my local auto store on sale for $ 2.98 . It does a VERY POOR job of absorbing moisture and is nothing like a true chamois cloth . Even after washing it in hopes of removing any residue , it still failed to perform . As one of the other reviewers mentioned , a cotton towel will do a better job . Mine is now in the garbage .
 I read some positive reviews before I purchased this drying towel , they must have tested another product . The Clean tools Drying Towel does a very very poor job of drying , the drying towel has high friction when moving it across the car making it difficult to use . A plane cotton towel does a much better job absorbing water then this useless product .
 do n't think you are buying a substitute for a chamois . you are not.it is thick , it does not absorb as well . it is a fake chamois and fake is always a compromise.it leaves water behind . rated just ok for me . spend your money on a real chamois .
 I have used this three times . It dries my car well . After each use I have stored it damp and rolled up in the tube , as per the manufacturer 's directions . Last Saturday I got it out of the tube and it has little pink spots all over it . I think it is some kind of mold . I used it anyway and it still dries well , but I do n't like handleing mold or rubbing mold on my car . I think I will go back to towels .
 It does n't work like a real chamois . It takes too long to absorb anything . You just end up pushing the water around and leaving water spots all over . A regular terry towel does better than the Absorber . Driving around does a better job .
 It was hard as a rock once I took it out of the container . Would not bend at all - not worth the money
 I detail cars at my work luckily not for much longer but anyways this chamois does not work that well the cheap ones i have at my work are much more effective . Overall SAVE YOUR MONEY !!! its not worth it . but get a chamois if you care about your car towels leave swirl marks but dont get this one
 I 've owned my absorber less than 4 weeks , but I 've performed 20 washes in that time frame . The product does a fine job absorbing water , and yes , it works differently than a chamois . Sadly , the product storage is not up to my expectation . I used it a week ago and followed the packaging `` May be stored damp in tube -- so it 's always ready to use -LRB- wo n't rot when kept wet in tube -RRB- . '' and when I removed it from the tube it had dark spots of mold and mildew across it . Ew , life smells funky.I thought , `` No problem . I 'll throw it in the washing machine . '' It washed , but the spots did not come out . I thought , `` No problem . I 'll soak it with a little bleach . '' It bleached , but the spots did not come out.I 'm typing this with the smell of bleach still fresh and I 'm thinking , `` Really ? Am I going to rub a moldy anything over the top of my car ? '' And I 'm pretty sure I 've put too much effort into the maintenance of this product . Maybe I should complete a video review ...
 As simple as this : - This product is not good for drying your carBut it is good for absorbing water from a bowl ! It is IMPOSSIBLE to dry a car with it , it almost like polishing towel not drying at all !
 Yes , no cables . Also , contents described on cover/inventory do not match what is provided.For the record im currently stranded with a dead battery , so you bet im salty .
 As other reviewers have said , the description and pictures are misleading ! Unfortunately for me , these reviews did n't go up until after I put in my order ! I am very upset . This is the first time I 've ever bought something from Amazon and been so misled . And for those that may not have read the other reviews , there is no hand chargeable flashlight or waterproof matches . Matches were replaced by ONE candle due to alleged shipping restrictions . How am I supposed light any of the candles WITHOUT matches ?! Also , it is now a 65-piece kit . I do n't know how it compares to the 63-piece kit , but I doubt the 2 extra pieces are anything more significant than bandages . One final thing is that there is a August 2010 expiration date listed on the front of the bag . I have n't checked to see which item expires , but it probably refers to a minor first aid item .
 I got one of the other AAA kit 's and figured that the severe weather one would be a good addition considering I live in Chicago and every so often we have severe weather . I read the reviews and people raved about the little shovel ... ummm why ? Either I did n't get the same one they did or I got a defective one because I could n't use it . Three people could n't use it . I actually threw it out it was that much of a waste -LRB- the shovel not the kit -RRB- . Any of the other AAA car kits are just as good and have everything if not more that this one does .
 I live in Alaska and this is n't what I expected . The flashlight - no , the emergency candles are just tealights - come on I expected EMERGENCY candles , the first aid kit is a couple of wipes , a small role of tape and some bandaids - ok for a paper cut , the shovel is nice but not much good for anything more than planting a rose bush - we have feet of snow it will take hours to dig out with this . Need I go on . Not worth the money I spent for sure . I would not waste my time with this one .
 Kit consists mostly ofbandaids in a zipper pouch . Other items seem to be mostly made of cheap plastic , except shovel .
 `` We have been involved with this product and the manufacturer , Southwest Windpower , from the mid 90 's . Initially the manufacturer -LRB- Southwest Windpower -RRB- had pottedregulators inside the nifty cast aluminum housing on their 303 wind-machines . After installation the machine ran great -LRB- except for the unbelievable noisefrom the blades -RRB- for about 2 weeks until the uncooled regulator overheated andself destructed . We were living off the grid in a very remote part of Samoa at the time and literally depended on the output from our wind turbines and solarpanels . We had a lot of experience with older types of permanent magnet windgenerators and spruce -LRB- wood -RRB- blades . Our older Redwing generators never gave usany trouble except for the necessity to periodically replace the brushes . Southwest Windpower was contacted after our early debacle and this was the beginning of many overseas phone calls and 99 email correspondence over 4 years , fightingwith them to stand behind their product and do some actual real world testingof their product . These people had a great idea but the bugs were not workedout and we were their unwitting test subjects . Jay Yaeger , Dave Snowberg , SeanHickey , Andy Cruz
 Unfortunately , this product is Made in Taiwan , and is no better that the cheaper brands from major auto parts stores . Returned and purchased from Toyota .
 Not sure if the center section will fit the advertised 2 &#34; hitch ball . Plastic used has very little give , and this unit will not stretch over the ball . Ca n't press down on it to install , as it just collapses . Old tennis ball is much better .
 Bought the front and rear center mounts for my 96 Nissan Altima , both made by Anchor and in less than a year , both are torn at the rubber .
 I have put in 3 heater cores in the same car in a month 1/2 . Do not be fooled by the picture of this heater it is wrong . They do n't how to make a part that will not leka.The ones from napa are the same . Finely used j b weld to stop the leka . Very poorly made .
 Be advised this oil is fomulated with aditives that are mapped out for small import diesel engines . It is not intended for use with domestic light or heavy diesel trucks ... ei Ford F350etc .
 They sent my 2 orders together in one box and guess what , , one of the bottles leaked all over the inside of the box . I lost about half the bottle and had to clean off all the others , a real PAIN . I hope they will not send all 12 bottles in one box again . and I will see if they will replace the one leaking bottle .
 You know , this would be a great service if they would n't change the subscriber price without authorization . I was paying $ 34 per six pack for several deliveries ; now they 've raise my subscriber price to over $ 42 for the same oil , and delivered before I could decline !! I 'm done with this service .
 I thought this would be great , it looks good , feels soft and should be warm inside , but in order to attach to my Honda 300 Fourtrax with regular tubing handlebars , I can just barely get the velcro to close , at an awkward looking angle , and still there is a gap that lets air in the front.If that was it I would be fine with them , but where they make a right angle is right where my throttle is , tight fit , almost too tight to use with gloves which I need since the air comes through it as mentioned above . Then I find ice in between the supposed waterproof layer and the inner liner , so they got even colder , even though I have been careful to close them to keep snow from blowing into them , but in doing so , -LRB- not roughly -RRB- a tear developed on one side along the seam on the shell right near the hand entrance , after the ice developed inside .
 After waiting a long time for this item to be processed and shipped , it arrived today and does not fit on the dash for my 2001 Chevy Cavalier . It is over an inch too short for the length of the dash , which means the pre-cut vent holes do not line up correctly . Also , the material -LRB- while advertised as high-quality work -RRB- feels lightweight , cheap , and flimsy . The smoke color was a decent match to the graphite factory interior of my car.Bottom line , I would not recommend these dash covers . I 'm sending mine back for a refund .
 The AAA traveler road assistance kit is a waste -- of space , money , and materials . Luckily I bought this for $ 8 in a clearance bin at my local sporting goods store . If I had bought it for $ 33 I would have been outraged . The emergency supplies are the worst quality imaginable , the flashlight is pathetically weak , even the bag it comes in is n't very good quality . The only reason this kit deserves even one star is because you ca n't buy this kind of `` storage '' bag and a pair of jumper cables for less than the $ 8 I paid . Save your money , and piece the kit together yourself .
 Way below expectation . `` 63 '' piece ad is a deceiving trick . Bad . They count a single band aid as a piece to make the whole package a 63-piece item . It is like an illusion . I felt cheated .
 45 piece first aid kit , so is there 40 bandaids and that counts as a piece , you got ta be kidding me . I may just cancel my AAA membership after this pos .
 Was a nice gift but would have been nice to have had a tire pump
 This item was advertised as used , so after 6 days why has it not been shipped ? Probably because they do n't have one and are waiting for me to cancel the order . Disgusting service .
 the brake hose is not long enough and not work for my mercedes 240D 1977 , what I do .
 The first time I needed to use an item from this kit it let me down . I had a slow leak in a tire , and discovered it while hundreds of miles from home . This kit has an air compressor -- no problem right ? Well the part that clamps on to the valve stem broke off in my hand before I even had the compressor out of my trunk . I 've since replaced many of the components of this kit with separately purchased items . I 'd have been better off just using the description of the kit as a packing list to build my own .
 What a piece of JUNK!I got this last year , and checked everything out when it arrived , averting thing seemed okay , and I assumed that it would be in working order . Boy was I wrong.Last week we had a terrible rain storm and I got a flat tire , so I tried to use the air pump to fill up my tire so I could get to a service station . What a waste of money . As soon as I plug it into my cigarette lighter not only did it not work , but it burned my cigarette lighter out!So in summationa -RRB- I was stranded alone at night on the side of the road in a torrential down pourb -RRB- Could not get to a service station to get my tire fixedc -RRB- Had to call for road side assistanced -RRB- It broke my care -RRB- It would cost me even more money to return it than the cost of the item ; not to mention the cost of the road side assistance , and to repair my cigarette lighter , and the cost of a new air pump to replace the `` new '' air pump that I purchased.In my book this deserves 0 stars ... minus one for each of the above.I purchased this thinking that it would provide me with some security and saftey on the road , and it seems to have done the completed opposite of what I purchased this for .
 I would recommend caution before relying on the booster cable included with this kit . An 8 gauge/10 foot cable is adequate for a small car , but it is apt to be too thin and too short for a larger car or truck . A large engine is apt to draw more current than the -LRB- relatively -RRB- thin 8 gauge wire in this kit 's cable can safely handle . For this reason , the ` standard ' gauge for jumper cables is 6 . -LRB- A smaller gauge number translates to thicker wire . Thicker wire can transmit more energy . -RRB- My wife recently tried to jump start our pickup using an 8 gauge booster cable . The attempt melted the cable . -LRB- Before you condemn me for not following my own advice , she decided not to use the pickup truck 's cables because they were stored underneath a load of luggage . Instead , she borrowed cables from her sister , who was providing the `` donor car '' . -RRB- Also , unless there is plenty of room in front of or along side of the vehicle that needs to be jumped , 10 ' of cable length may be insufficient to connect the battery of the donor car and the battery of the disabled car . For example , my car has it 's batter on the driver 's side of the engine compartment and my pickup has its battery on the passenger side . If both vehicles were facing the same direction and parked next to each other with the car on the driver 's side of the pickup , the two batteries would be more than 10 ' apart . The easy solution , of course , would be to park the vehicles facing each other or to park the car on the other side of the pickup . Then , a 10 ' cable would reach . The problem with this easy solution , of course , is that an obstacle -LRB- such as a telephone pole , another car , or a fence -RRB- may prevent the donor car from being parked where you 'd otherwise want it to be.For these reasons , unless you have a small car with a battery that 's unusually easy to reach from all directions , I 'd recommend carrying booster cables that are at least 6 gauge and 16 ' in length .
 I had ordered a stop light switch for a 1970 Mustang and this one was not even the correct type of switch ! I only found out after ordering it what it was supposed to look like and the stop light switch -LRB- or brake light switch as many refer to them as -RRB- for a 1970 Mustang is a completely different design than what they show ... . and sent , unfortunately . Now I know !
 would not recommend the bow tie because the shaft that goes into the hitch is plastic . It needs to be metal . So i defiantly do n't recommend this product because all someone has to do is kick it and it would break off.Is not worth the money
 We ordered a Philadelphia Eagles welcome mat to be given as a gift , but received car mats instead . The car mats said Eagles , but were not the team colors , so we returned the purchase and had to buy something else from somewhere else . To return , we had to purchase a box , so the wrong item cost us money . We 've been contacted by Amazon that the credit has been processed , but at the time we 're writing this we still have not been credited , so we 'll have to contact customer service again . Never again will we order from Starter Mats , and neither should you .
 I searched for a 1996 Dakota . This is the part that Amazon suggested . This part fits 1997-2003 Dodge Dakotas and Durangos with 3.9 L V6 or 5.2 L Magnum V8 . Unfortunately , this type of filter system does not fit any normal 1996 Dakota setup . Beware of the Amazon parts search engine .
 Manufacture promised that it would be grease-able . The long end is not drilled and comes with no zerk fitting . This was a serious waste of my time .
 What you see is not what you get what you see is a nice polished American version what you get is a red Japan made one with foreign instructions a deceiving add .
 Installed a year ago on a Honda Element along with Brembo rotors . Quiet pads , but excessive brake dust ; will be trading them out for ceramics .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 the title is a little decieving as it says chrome so i believing i was buying a chrome propeller.it is plastic !!!!!! i could have bought this at a local farm & family & chose not 2 because of that very reason
 First time I got on the freeway , one of the blades snapped off from the wind ... So , do n't buy if you plan on going over 70 !
 Product description says ` chrome ' which implies metal . It is plastic . They should change their description ; it is misleading . I had this for a couple of months before it broke .
 This item was less than I expected . Out of the package , the shaft came in two pieces and had to be screwed together before using . This is probably the weakness that caused it to break the first time going through the carwash . An previous propeller -LRB- different brand -RRB- lasted many years -LRB- and many trips through the carwash -RRB- . If you want a propeller , spend a little more to get a better one .
 It was made out of the cheapest plastic and the propeller fractured after 1 week ... They should refund my money !!!
 They look great , everything looks almost the same as the original ones , but they do n't work , at first , I thought it was the cheap lightbulb that came with the product but even after I changed it the headlight did not illuminate the road correctly . And yes the lights were adjusted .
 You ca n't beat the low cost of this headlight assy , which even includes the bulb . Unfortunately mine failed to adjust left to right due to a stripped gearbox . What really bugged me is that there is no information from the manufacturer so you ca n't call anyone for potential repair or replacement info . Amazon does provide a return option .
 I bought two headlights , one from this company , the opposite from another company . They are like night and day . This one 1 -RRB- does n't make nearly the light that the opposite headlight does and 2 -RRB- one of the 2 adjustments on the unit broke almost immediately during headlight alignment . I 'd like to contact TYC directly , but there appears to be no way to do so via my order / Amanzon . Nice .
 Been updating a 04 venture van -- Got the passenger side first -- could not have been better !!! One month later I got the driver -- WHOA -- had been sick so I could not get to it quickly . After 300 miles the deflector inside the unit dropped on the bulb . No way to return -- be careful of this brand -- It might or it might not work out for you .
 I had to return the item because in less than a month the inside reflector was coming off and it had water inside the light assembly .
 I got this unit at Frys and it worked OK for about a month until it no longer charges from the charging cradle . When it was working , it was n't very powerful anyway , so it 's better to buy a different product rather than have this get shipped back and fixed by Wagan . It 's cheap but turns out to be a waste of money .
 Got this vacuum from Fry 's , it worked for a couple of months and today it stopped working . Apparently the impeller has broken loose.Website does n't have the maintenance manual.This is the second Wagan Tech product i bought and this one has broken in a short period . Earlier I had bought a 12V compressor and it blew up the fuse of my Honda Odyssey van . Cheap prices = Cheap Quality , never buying Wagan Tech brand again .
 This part is listed as compatible with a Dodge RAM 1500 . `` This product fits your 2005 Dodge Ram 1500Engine
 The actual oil cooler was not in the box , in fact the box was not large enough to include the cooler . Amazon was great about shipping me another unit but it was the same ! Ties and tubing do n't do you any good if there is no cooler !!
 INNOVA 3030 Diagnostic Code Reader for OBDII Vehiclesi purchased this product last month and i do n't know why . it reads your on-board computer alright . but if you want a detail report of a problem you might be having with your check engine light on , they charge you a fee for a complete detail report.AUTOZONE , ADVANCEAUTO AND CARQUEST will test your vehicle free of charge and will provide you with a detail report for free.the fleecing of america continues by online companies.AMAZON , SHAME OF YOU !!!!!!!!
 tried to use this product but it wouldnt give me an exact reading , I emailed the company with no response maybe others would have better luck i would not recommend this product at this time
 Mine is non functional 18 months after purchase . Only used it a couple of times . Product only comes with a one year warranty . It has no moving parts and it still broke . Equus customer support was no help , they offered a ten dollar discount if I wanted to purchase another of their products -LRB- at 25 % more than what amazon sells it for -RRB- . I would not want to drop another dime on one of their low quality products .
 Have not had it very long . Ca n't get information on the coad it brings up . You have to buy the information on repairs .
 I purchased this scanner and hooked it up to my Subaru 2002 forester . It did n't work . When I called the company , they immediately knew of the problem , and told me I would need to ship the code reader back to them to have the chip re-programmed . Best part is that they want me to pay the shipping ! Innova should really recall all their 3030 scanners and fix them , or offer free shipping to have them reprogrammed . It might work for many other cars , but the Subaru is OBDII compliant , and the code reader should work out of the box .
 I 'll start with the good points . The device is not expensive . It will retrieve error codes from your car . You can use it to clear the Check Engine Light . If that is all you are looking for , then this device is adequate.The problems start when the PC enters the picture . This company is not ready for the information age . The software that ships is defective . It will install ok , but will not recognize the scanner when you connect it via USB . So you can read the codes while the device is attached to your vehicle , but that 's it . You can not retrieve any information afterwards or when connected to your PC.The Help \ Troubleshooting tips did not help . I was directed to submit an email to Tech Support . I submitted this email with detailed information and the next day I received a response directing me to now call tech support instead . They provided no information whatsoever , other than a phone number and a note saying `` I hope this has resolved your problem . '' So then I started over with phone support . The agent provided a url to download software and basically then said good luck and hung up . Now mind you , I had already installed the included software that did n't work which shipped with the product on DVD . Then I had downloaded and installed a second set of update software from the CanOBD2 site per the product instructions that also did not work . This time I was directed to the Innova site to install the product for a third time.This time the device was recognized . The local software does not retrieve error codes . It simply links you to the Innova site . There , after a lengthy registration process you will be presented with an offer to BUY a diagnostic report for $ 14.99 . If you do not purchase this report , all you get is the name and number of the error code . It would be easier to just read the error number while the device was attached to your car and google it . If the PC-link technology sounds like an interesting feature , please understand that it is nothing more than a means for the company to sell you reports for $ 14.99 a pop . It provides no other value at all . Let me be perfectly clear . You can read the error code off of the scanner , but this product provides no diagnostic information without additional expense . I did not buy the report , so I can not speak to its content.The experience was frustrating and wasted a lot of time . The software is of poor quality and so is the customer service . I regret this purchase and will steer clear of Innova in the future .
 The ERASE function does not work on my Toyota Avalon 1997 . Tried several methods in addition to the one in the manual , NO SOAP RADIO . Otherwise , it is a handy reader . My mechanic says this model needs to be unplugged after a read for an accurate refresh - I thought it refreshed ok , maybe he had a model with old firmware . I just know for certain that , with the latest firmware , it ca n't ERASE the codes and therefore CAN NOT TURN-OFF THE CHECK LIGHT . I tried contacting Innova by email , no response . I think it was worth the price as a reader , but I want a fully functional OBDII scanner and eraser .
 UPDATE
 I bought this thinking it would tell me why my check engine light was on . I already knew what the ownes manual said , which was to vague . I already had googled check engine light for my vehicle and knew what that had to say . I was going to get spacific with this innova code reader 3030 f. I tried it and got 6 codes so it said but I only saw 3 codes repeated . I pluged this thing into the computer to find out it did n't work with my computer . I called costumer service 3 times , I spent a lot of time on the computer trying to make it work . It never did work with my computer . I updated the software in my computer and everything . No it does n't work . Come to find out the only thing I could do was write the codes down and go research them that way . The info I found was the same exact info I got from researching the check engine light on google . It clames to give you a list of possible problems and how to fix Not true , it claims you can print out the codes and what they mean and take it to your dealer to repair , Not true . And by the way your dealer / mechanic wants to find the problem there own way.Don ' t buy this unless you want to research the codes yourself . The codes the dealers use are differant codes . And researching why the spacific light is on gives you just as much info as researching the codes . Very vague not useful at all . And after talking to someone at a parts store I was informed that they all are the same . Do n't waist your money or time . Also the Innova web sight does n't have advice or info on very many vehicals as it says . My car does n't even exist on there web sight . If you have a Mini cooper defenantly do n't bother .
 This was my first experience with a code reader and it was my luck to get a defective one . It kept reading ERROR and would not finish searching for codes despite repeated attempts , so I sent it back , which Amazon made super easy by the way . Maybe they tried to build it too cheaply or something . However , the company has a really good reputation so I gave them another try and ordered the advanced model 3100 .
 I bought this product thinking it will work on my 2005 SUZUKI , but i was wrong . It reads error . It works on my American made cars thou . I emailed the manufacturer , and send the registration card as well , but no response back from them whatsoever.Bad product , bad company . . avoid buying this scanner .
 No Information on where it is ... . i think they are in Alaska and are walking the product ... I 'll change it if i actually ever hear anything regarding where this is . . or we will cancel ... Order it elsewhere
 I guess I ordered the wrong tester and it did not meet my needs . I returned it back to Amazon and had no problems with the return . I then ordered the innova 3100 and this tool is great . Amazon is a great place to order from , and I recommend them to everyone
 This product seemed like a great deal ... it came with a CD and let you believe you would get a thorough diagnostic review . You supposedly get a code plus can plug it into your computer and get a detailed report ... NOT . You have to pay $ 15.00 PER CODE read to get a report on that code that means anything . You are much better off buying something more expensive that gives you the real deal . You can pull into any auto supply and they will give you the code for free with no additional info ... just like this code reader .
 Got the dreaded ERROR message on a 2005 Escape , and again on a 2007 Corolla . Support suggested checking fuses and trying with car running . Fuses were fine . Tried it on one car while running -LRB- which is contrary to the instructions -RRB- , again no joy . ARGH !
 I bought this code reader . It does read the code just fine -LRB- verified with another reader from my mechanic -RRB- . However , it wo n't reset the code . The company does n't respond to emails.Can ' t recommend this unit
 Bought for 2002 Subaru Impreza . Did not communicate with car computer . Even though it includes a disc and USB cable this device has to be returned to the manufacturer to update the firmware . Waste of money .
 Shame on me . I should have read and believed some of the previous reviewers who had problems using this with their Subaru . It did not work on my 03 Subaru Forester . After connecting properly , it simply indicated ` error . ' I had assumed from some reviews and other notes on the Web that this same model now had a different chip that worked with Subarus -- not true . Had it worked , this model would have offered so much more for the price over an Actron . But I guess I will have to try an Actron now.Thank you to Amazon for making returns easy .
 Reads ok , but so would the cheaper readers sold here on Amazon . I was expecting a lot from the included software cd , but like another reviewer said , the software is a rip ! Just a was to sell you something on their website . Not sure why you even connect the usb cable except to register the product . You go their website , register and enter in your VIN , so they can track you and probably send you spam galore . Their software may even send info without you knowing it , but who knows ! The manual sucks . If connecting the usb cable does anything useful , they do n't tell you . No where are the code explanations listed in it . You have to go online to their website to get the damn codes , or on the internet ! I gave it two stars because of the needless waste of time that they put you through and the useless software .
 The device successfully read engine codes from my 2004 Mitsubish Montero and my 2004 Hyundai Santa Fe . The software it comes with is just a frame to their website where they want you to sign up to a service.I was forced to take the engine codes provided by the device and google them outside of the device 's software package to get any useful information .
 Codes read from OBDII connection in your car have to be identified by the so-called Equus manufacturer , whether that be Equus , Innova , IEC , CanOBDII.com , or whatever other name they might be using at any time . They do n't offer to let you print out the range of codes for your car . Instead , they provide the bare code info after you give them a mountain of info about yourself , including the VIN of your car , that you would n't want to give to strangers , but you want the information , say , for code P0303 . Turns out it 's `` Misfire . '' Then they offer to tell you more for $ 15 . Rather than buy this intro to a scam , just go to NAPA , Advance Auto , O'Reilly , Auto Zone or any other auto parts and get your code read free . Now , after throwing this thing away , I 'm bracing for friendly solicitations from the thousand marketers they sell my info to .
 Based on good reviews , I was expecting this reader to work with no problems.However , it would not take the reading from my 2002 Honda CR-V . The only thing it gives me is an `` Error '' message which apparently meansit ca n't communicate with the car computer.I tried a cheaper Actron reader and it gave me all the codes in less than 20 seconds ... So this toy is going back .
 Have tried two of these units , and neither one will turn off the check engine light on my 2002 Subaru Forester . I called Innova tech support , and while they were helpful and polite , they only could suggest trying the reader with the engine running -LRB- which I did , with no success -RRB- . I have ordered an Actron brand unit now and returned both of the 3030 's to Amazon.So if you 're a Subaru owner , you might want to look elsewhere , or at least keep all your packaging to make sure you can make a return .
 Used the product for about a year ; fairly simple to use . Hardware failed a little after the warranty ran out . Good while it lasted , but does n't last .
 I would give it 0 stars if that was an option . The model 3030f does not include software on a disc like previous models , you have to download it , then the device is not recognized by the PC . I want to purchase the available report and ca n't . Spent several hours and three different phone calls with their customer support , who acknowledged a problem with the 3030f but they refused to ship me another model . Worst customer service experience I have ever encountered . There is no excuse for shipping a product that does not work , know there is a problem with the software , then refuse to correct the problem . I have been a customer in the past and liked previous models . This one is a brick , but less functional ... like their customer service .
 Actually works , but fairly painful to use . Tech support responsive , but you have to ask questions that you should not have to ask , and spend time figuring out stuff you should n't have to.I recieved a 3030f , which is not supported on the website yet -LRB- prior model 3030e is -RRB- . After having problems with my computer seeing the device , the tech emailed me some software which solved the problem.I was also having trouble linking up the device with my 2004 Passat . The manual -LRB- for the 3030e -RRB- said not to start the car , but the tech told me otherwise . I quote
 The problem with this product is what is NOT advertised . It will give diagnostic error codes for certain vehicles . But , only for engine-related codes . If your error codes have anything to do with ABS -LRB- Anti-lock Brake System -RRB- or VSC -LRB- Vehicle Stability Control/Assist -RRB- or tire-pressure monitoring sensors , for example , this device will not work . Even if it accurately reports the error codes , this may not shed any more light on your problem or how to resolve it than the dash board `` idiot '' lights already provide . For most individuals , this equipment is a waste of money . Better to spend the money on a certified mechanic , who can perform a full diagnostic . Then , at least you 'll get an estimate for the repair costs involved .
 My check engine light recently went on in my car so i brought it to an STS auto center down the street and they wanted $ 85 just to hook up the computer and diagnose the problem . I decided to go on amazon an look for one similar to this . I have a 99 VW Passat and it dosnt communicate with my computer . The device seems very durable and a good buy but it deffinalty is n't for volkswagens .
 The piece of junk did not recognize several of the codes from my Toyota Yaris and they want 15 bucks for a detailed report when you use their software though their web site . I will never buy another product from this company .
 This is linked to the wrong product ! Please disregard ! This is linked to the wrong product ! Please disregard ! This is linked to the wrong product ! Please disregard !
 This is the second code reader i have looked at that Unbeatable Sales Inc is listed as a seller and does not sell them , I would not truest them as being a seller . When you place a order they send you a canceled notices on your order and say Amazon placed it and we do not sell it . I think it is there way of getting out of filling orders that they do n't want to fill or they are trying to get out of the deal they made but these deals are Legal Documents .
 So far this product is not working correctly . I have tried it 3 different times on my Yukon and it is not doing anything . Have not tried it on other vehicles yet , but so far not to happy with it .
 I bought the Equus 3030 Innova code reader because the check engine light was on in my Ford pickup and I was tired of paying too much just to get the code read at the garage . After reading the directions and pluging it in , the machine gave me a code which was not even listed for my Ford . I ended up having to take it to the garage anyway to get the correct code , which turned out to be a misfire in cylinder # 3 caused by a bad plug wire . So not only did I have to pay the garage to read the code I payed for a dyslexic code reader that did not work correctly .
 The check engine light lit . I checked with the Innova 3030 which detected nothing , lighting the green light telling that everything was OK . So I used my Vag 405 which detected cylinder misfire .
 The model they are currently selling does not connect to the PC ... in their website the software only go to model e. . . why do they sell model f when there is no working software ? BAD BUSINESS!I am sending mine back .
 INNOVA 3030 Diagnostic Code Reader for OBDII VehiclesNot for Subaru . In spite of stating that all OBD-II DTC scan codes can be cleared on all vehicles , it does n't work with a Subaru . I bought the Innova 3030 to diagnose why the Check Engine Light -LRB- CEL -RRB- appeared on my 2003 Impreza TS . The Subaru dealer wants $ to do this so I decided to buy an OBD-II scanner to get the DTC code and whatever other information I could with it . The DTC code appeared , P0032 , which was useful but , when I tried to clear the code , it would n't . I phoned Innova about that and was told to try to clear it with an alternative method , plug in the scanner , run the engine , turn the key back to `` ON '' , press the red button twice to clear the code . That did n't work and variations of it and the normal method did n't work . Innova knows about this problem but has n't figured out how to fix it .
 The unit does a fine job reading the codes and that 's it ! Ran the installation CD on 2 different PC 's and a laptop and could n't get the computer to recognize that the tool was hooked up allowing the start menu to pop-up . When I manually made the menu appear it displayed that the tool was disconnected when in fact it was connected . When I tried to return it to Amazon they want me to pay for shipping ... WTF ? I paid for a FULLY-operational tool why do I have to pay when the product does n't do what it 's supposed to do ? Another reason to buy from the manufacturer ... and there are no guarantees there either .
 Despite what the Amazon vehicle confirmation system says , this product does NOT fit a 2000 VW Jetta GLS 2.0 with AEG engine . Frustrating exercise in disassembling the front end just to discover that the diameter of the inner threads does not match OEM . One star based on failure to fit the vehicle . Shipping back .
 Not worth buying this parts . This are Japannesse THREE FIVE brand parts in a MOOG box , and the actually cost double than the THREE FIVE , just beacause of the box they came in .
 The cover has less padding then I expected compared to the cover I purchased for my other ATV.It is difficult to find a good cover that is not Camoflage of some sort . Seems most ATV accessory makes thinkATV 's are only ridden by people who huntIt will do the job to protect the seat of the ATV from scuffs as you get on and off and it reasonably fits my Arctic Cat seat . I only gave it 2 stars because of the padding or lack of .
 Did not come even close to fitting my atv seat . It was way too big and had overlap . I had to send it back .
 Found this in my past purchases history , but could not find it being sold any longer by Amazon , but here goes anyway . Purchased this product in late Dec. 08 , had it installed by a company that installs remote starters , alarms , car stereos , etc. 3 days later , one of the 2 remote key fobs shot craps , was told over the phone by a rep. from the company handling warranty work for Alert that `` no problem '' we 'll send you a new one . Do you want the old one back ? `` No , throw it away , that 's what we 'll just do with it '' That was a month ago , Im still waiting , meanwhile , the other key fob is retiring from service as I write this . Keep this in mind when purchasing anything from this company . The owner of the alarm company also told me that Alert products are made by Audiovox , keep that in mind also .
 The website just did not give enough information and made this look like you just plug it into the lighter socket and that was all . As soon as I got it and saw all the wires I knew I would have to return it . Just showed it to my mechanic and he said it would take about 6 hours and cost 10 times what I paid for just the device . May work well when installed , but I did not even get that far and sent it back .
 the material is very cheap and puts swirls in your paint ... do not buy unless you care less about your cars appearance
 As noted by a previous reviewer , this product will scratch the clearcoat on your car 's paint . I have a black 2007 Honda Pilot and after I was done washing it , I could definately see the swirl marks from were I had washed it with the mitt . During the first use however , I was impressed with how much water and soap it held . I will stick to using a lambs wool mitt like I should have done in the first place . I guess you get what you pay for ...
 This wash mitt WILL scratch your car . It is not nearly as soft as a pure lambswool or microfiber mitt . I should have known when it stated polyester/nylon blend in addition to the wool -LRB- there must be only trace amounts of wool btw -RRB- . You would never wash your car with a polyester/nylon shirt so do n't do it with this mitt.I would return it but it will cost me almost as much to return since it is only 4.88 . Only good for washing the bottom of your car or your wheels . DO NOT USE IT ON CLEARCOAT ! Save your money and get a pure lambswool or pure microfiber wash mitt or use a natural sponge . Those are superior .
 After using Rain-X on many previous vehichles and satisfied with it 's results , however not happy with it 's relatively short life on glass , I decided to try Defender . I followed all directions ` to a T ' , cleaning the glass with an amonia based glass cleaner -LRB- Windex -RRB- prior to application . Defender does bead water , however the water does n't run off the glass as efficiently as hoped ... simply beads the water . Expected more . For $ 15.00 will not apply again !
 This is not anything new , nor special . `` Integrated '' brush did not leave an even coat , needed to wipe , same as glass-x . Treatment lasted less than one month , also same as glass-x .
 It kind of works . It makes the water bead up on the glass a bit but it left a film on the window that created a lot of glare . The film came off after a few washings but so did most of the beading . It does n't do anything to make the windows stay cleaner or clean easier . I would n't bother using it again .
 Too bad it is not better , since it is simple to use . So , I have tried almost any product out there similar to Clarity Defender . I have tried Rain X , Aquapel , Diamondite and 4 or 5 other products . All of them never lasted as long as a similar product from NanoSafeguard . It is also cheap since I can use it for almost every glass surface of 2 whole cars .
 PROS
 Bottom line this product is a cheaply made Chinese knock off . Anchor makes their video and waxes about the product like it 's the best thing since sliced bread . Do n't believe it . It is NOT a good buy . This part will collapse in short order and cause noise and vibration like you never heard before . An old OEM part with over 200000 miles on it is still better than this new one . Shame on Anchor !
 The mount seems to be made well and price was excellent . Shipment also good . But it did not slide into place as the original . It 's a little `` tight '' . The dealer said it needed to be replaced for almost $ 200 . Videos and forums described how easy -LRB- and much cheaper -RRB- to replace.After installation , the engine has a vibration that was not there with the old part . ASAP I plan on replacing the old part to see if the vibration is in fact from the new mount .
 Looks cool , but my windshield wipers hit the fairing when used because the fairing extensions are too long . I may have to modify the clips or make something . Kind of a bummer . Did anyone at Thule actually test it before recommending it for this vehicle ? Oh well , I just have to hope it does n't rain when it 's up there right ?
 I had the old style -LRB- Model 555 -RRB- on my car , and thought this one looked so much cooler and just had to have it . So , I put the 555 on ebay and watched it get bid up to more money than it costs for the 872 ! I thought to myself `` Sweet ! Made enough to buy the new one ! Suckers ! `` I soon found out why . I could never get the 872 to fit properly on my car -LRB- 2003 Toyota Matrix -RRB- and it would constantly vibrate on the highway , which caused more wind noise and defeated the purpose of the fairing -LRB- not to mention scratching up my roof where the feet made contact -RRB- . The 872 does n't have nearly the adjustability that the 555 had making it a pain in the you-know-what to get it on there right . I got so fed up that I gave it to my brother to see if he could get it to work on his Impreza wagon and he had the same issue.Bottom line - see if you can find one of the old-style ones on ebay ! They were great ! I gave this 2 stars based solely on the looks compared to the old style . For me though - function is much more important than fashion .
 Purchased this for a 2007 Volvo XC70 that has the Volvo-branded wing profile cross bars . Even though Thule makes both the cross bars and the fairing , they do n't work together . I called Thule for an adaptor and they confirmed that they do n't work together . The kit has adaptors for the standard square cross bars and Thule 's rounded cross bars .
 The item arrived with missing parts , the passenger 's side wing was missing , and instead came with duplicated driver 's side wings . The item ca n't be install in these condition . Will be ordering the missing part from the thule website -LRB- appears to be the best option -RRB- . Really frustrating experience .
 Nice looking fairing and that is about it . Thule website recommended a size that is way ... too small for my car . It looked so small when mounted it feels completely out of place . Of course it did n't do much to reduce the wind noise because the size is too small . If you see Thule recommending a sz M for your '05 Accord , make sure you go one size larger . Stupid Thule .
 This hammer is so lite and skinny it would hurt your hand to use it to break a window . The head of it is not very big or heavy .
 The picture on Amazon makes the hammer look like it 's made of metal . It 's actually very cheap silver plastic , and had a crack in it . I sent it back .
 I agree with the other poster on the pics being misleading , the unit is somewhat flimsy and light weight , you would think it would be made of metal and be a bit more heavy duty for the pricing . Pricing should be half of what it is for the quality of the unit . Too bad I bought 2 . Hope I never have to use them .
 You WOULD expect a `` life hammer '' that is supposed to be able to save your life one day in an accident , to be built to somewhat of a high quality item , something strong enough to brake a window and sharp enough to cut through a seatbelt ... I purchased a black one for me and a pink one for my wife . . When these arrived , and i took a look at them , I was very unhappy ! The quality of these hammers is Very Poor !! These have two small metal tips that I am guessing would possibly be enough to brake a window , Just because of the tip , BUT The hammer is so light because of how it was CHEAPLY put together , I almost think it wouldnt be heavy enough to brake a window , but possibly just because of the tips . . Now on to the seatbelt cutter , When I held a piece of paper and tried to cut the paper with the life hammers blade , the piece of paper made a cut less than a half an inch in the paper and then would not continue , it only crinkled the paper , then I took a razorblade that I had and I cut the entire paper in half , I took a knife I had and cut the paper in half , no matter what I did with the life hammer , I could not cut more than a tiny mark into the paper . . I would not trust my families lifes or even a strangers life with this life hammer , I mean they have a good idea , but if they wouldnt try to make 99 % profit off of their product , and put some of their money back onto the product and made it be able to stand up to any simple test so that people can rely on the life hammer in an accident or life saving situation , then I would recomend it ... BUT Since this product is made with the cheapest thinnest plastic possible and a dull crappy piece of a razor blade , This item would not cut a piece of paper and I SERIOUSLY DOUBT it would cut up a SEATBELT !! -LRB- Although I Can not make that claim because I was not able to try it !! -RRB- Put money back into your product to give people a reliable life saving tool and stop selling a inferior unreliable product !! I mean $ 30 for two life hammers ??? common !!!
 Google around ; I got mine for < 1/3 of this price at eTrailer - looked here first because I have A-Prime .
 This system has an amazing number of features for the price . I am technically inclined , but it is difficult to install , especially the `` remote start '' feature if you have a transponder key system . Right now , I simply have the door lock hooked up , nothing else . I also like the remote paging on alarm feature . If I go further I 'm considering having a professional complete the installation.The remote temperature/2-way function is a nice bonus , and I 'm a sucker for remote telemetry . Being able to check the temp in my car from the remote was the selling point for me over other similar systems.The 2-way remote is horrible . First problem is that it is loud and annoying . It looks and sounds like a cheap LCD video game from the 1980 's . Every time you lock/unlock `` BEEP ! BEEP ! '' . You can silence it , or make it vibrate . . but then how do you know if the alarm is going off and paging you ? The plastic of the 2-way remote is brittle . In the first couple weeks , the stud that holds it onto the keychain broke off . Little bits of plastic just crumbled away . The same thing happened to the battery door , which was `` fixed '' with duct tape . The functionality of the buttons on the 2-way remote is not completely obvious and you must educate yourself with a good read in the manual.I have accidently locked/unlocked my car while the remote is in my pocket , and I 'm thankful I did not hook-up the `` auto start '' feature . What if I accidently started my car while in my house for the evening?The unit does have very good 2-way range . I can lock/unlock my car , check the temp , etc. , from over 1/4 mile away line of site , or about 1-1/2 blocks non-line of site . It even works inside a large warehouse-type store , with my car parked way out in the parking lot.But the good points seem to be over-shadowed by the bad . What 's the point of 2-way paging if the pager is poorly designed , annoying , and breaks ? I 'm now using the plain old 1-way remote , and the system is now just functioning as a keyless entry .
 This product is by far the most defective thing I 've every bought : The trunk release button on the secondary remote does n't work.The shock sensor does not work AT ALL -LRB- thereby defeating the purpose of hooking up all the alarm circuity ! -RRB- . The LCD on the primary remote does n't show all lights it supposed to . For example , you can never tell what time it is on itstime display.Worst of all , however , is the their HORRIBLE customer service !! They never answer the phone , they just let you go to their voice mail and ask you to leave your name , number , and question . Then they say they will call you back in the next 24 hours or the next business day . THEY NEVER DO ! I called them 5 times and left 5 messages on 5 different days during 5 different times of day , not one of those calls were ever returned ! Now I have a DIY alarm with no shock sensor and no one to help me find updated wiring diagrams for my vehicle -LRB- theirs only go up to 2010 -RRB- . They must be going out of business ... FYI this is the 6th Remote Install I 've done but the first and last time I 've tried a product from this company . I just bought this one product for my latest install because of the price , but of course ... you get what you pay for . I recommend sticking with Viper . It may cost a bit more but at least its a fast , easy , and FUNCTIONAL install with Viper .
 Add me to that list of people who bought this highly rated timing light based on reviews only to go to use it for the third time and find that it had no display ... dead . Buying from local bricks and mortar stores and paying a little more is starting to look better and better .
 The product is great when it works , I bought two and both have stopped working with in approx . 1 year .
 I bought two equus 3568 , and sell one for a client , inform not display inductive advance , later on one month of use !! I am an argentina customer , and lost my money on this purchase ...
 I used this lamp four times in my car and it did n't work no more . A complete waste of money for a new equipment . I 'm very disapointed about the quality of the product . I 'll try to fix it by my own because almost 100 $ is a bit expensive for my pocket . I wo n't buy another one from this people .
 Used this product once and the second time it would not work . I will never buy anything from amazon again . No way to get a replacement for defective products .
 Did not recieve all the bushings in the `` SET '' -LRB- In the picture -RRB- Just recieved the small bushings . If your not supposed to get all itmes in picture then why put them in there ?
 The FIRST time I used the pump , the cap developed a hairline crack , rendering the pump useless -LSB- since it would no longer maintain a vacuum -RSB- . I did n't use gorilla strength in tightening the cap onto the reservoir , so I got ta believe the plastic material from which the cap was constructed does n't have much structural integrity .
 Tried to use it . Reservoir pipes broke . Does not do what it claims.Trying to get hold of Equus to get a replacement.Thanks
 Attempted brake bleeding with Equus pump . After carefully following factory instructions , the unit appeared to inject more air than it extracted . Checked bleeder screws for leaks around threads , but that did not appear to be source of the problem . I was successful in flushing out my brake system , but once finished brake pedal went straight to the floor . So , I 'll start again tomorrow using the old method of having my wife push and hold the pedal while I crack the bleeders . Intend to request a refund .
 The Equus 3663 Hand Vacuum Pump/brake bleeding kit worked well for a few minutes . The plastic construction is insufficient for the pressure of normal operating environment . While bleeding the brakes -LRB- using the pump to pull brake fluid through the brake line the , reservoir bottle cap cracked -LRB- at about 70 % of the units maximum gage level -RRB- rendering the unit useless . I have received a mail back label from the vendor for full refund .
 Equus 3660 Hand Vacuum Pump and Brake Bleeding KitThe description makes it sound like a metal , commercial pump . It is , in fact , the same mechanisim as almost every other like plastic consumer unit . It works but it is over priced , based on the description . I.e. , for a pump it 's puffery .
 I purchesd a cdi box from RICKS MOTOR SPORTS for a honda 1986 TRX 200 SX . When i received the new cdi box it was for a TRX 400 not compatable for with my 1986 trx 200 sx . I left a note in the return package call me or e mail if the wright part available . Have not herd back from anyone i guess part not available .
 I received the item in two days -LRB- thanks to Amazon Prime -RRB- but unfortunately , everything in the picture was not in the box , it was missing the seals and the adjustment screws and a few other things . Would Not Recommend to other buyers .
 I bought this to test voltages and resistances of fuel injection components . While it does measure resistances pretty well , it takes a long time for voltage readings to stabilize at very low levels . This meter also does n't switch ranges very intelligently . It swings between ranges when testing oxygen sensor output voltages , making it nearly impossible to get intelligible data.The final nail in the coffin for this product is its lack of build quality . While the dial selects positively , and the case and probes seem very durable , the digital readout on mine has stopped displaying several segments of the right-most numbers . I take very good care of my things -LRB- never dropped it , got it wet , or crushed it -RRB- , so I consider this type of performance unacceptable . Coincidentally , this defect occurred about a year and a month after I bought it . The warranty is only good for a year , so I am stuck trying to interpret voltage readings that are only half-displayed . Perhaps this multimeter is good for the average handyman , but any serious automotive fuel system testing will be thwarted by its shortcomings .
 Solid constructions and durable design attracted me to this product . It is well protected against drops and bumps so it should have a long life . However , there are several qualities against it , especially when working in a dark area ... The dark green , red , and blue markings on the black face plate are virtually illegible without bright light and you usually wo n't find that when you 're testing under the hood of a car or somewhere along a wall in the house . Additionally , the LCD readout -LRB- not illuminated -RRB- is hard to see if you 're not holding it in a perfect angle towards a light source
 After being used just a very few times , the battery load test function of the multimeter died . The lights no longer illuminate when testing a battery , and though the battery icon and a voltage value appear for the battery being tested , it obviously is n't drawing any load from the battery since the value is identical to the voltage displayed when switched over to DCV test mode . The few times I was able to test batteries before the test function went kaput , the voltage was always a little lower than the value when switched to DC test mode . I am very disappointed the multimeter malfunctioned so soon after I bought it . Though the other functions still seem to work , the very useful battery load test does not . So much for quality control .
 It worked good for a while then all of a sudden it starts acting up . It still works , but measuring voltage is hard to do because when the leads are not connected to anything they voltage goes up . The multimeter apparently detects an increasing voltage in the atomosphere ... . I opened the meter up and could n't find anything wrong with it , pretty dissapointing considering my free meters from Harbor Freight work better than this .
 text around rotating selector switch does not contrast well with background and is therefore very hard to read . meter seems to work ok .
 Questionable quality . Opened package , tried to peal off display protective sticky cover , glue residue remained on meter . More of a pain in the butt than anything . Next tried the audible diode function , of course to ensure the beeper was working I touched the two leads together , no beep , double checked I had leads in correct port , I did , tried again , no beep . I had to press the leads together quite hard in order for them to make good contact to each other . Needless to say if the leads do n't conduct well , it certainly will impact any measurements taken with the unit .
 have big problem with labeling on equus 3320 very hard to read needs to be much more clearly marked I wear glasses and it ` sjust not easy to read
 I bought this multimeter and had to send it back because it would start working and stop after a while . Then it would start if it feels like it again and some times it would n't turn on no matter what I do . -LRB- change batteries , turn it off and on , shake etc -RRB- It might be a one time problem but I had it .
 I purchased this with the intent to use it for a home project . I tested some batteries with it and it was working fine . Now the volt measurement just fluctuates around 90mv to 60mv and wo n't stabilize at 0 . So after 5 minutes of use , the most important function is totally broken . I am finding out how to send this back now . Buy a quality meter , this is not one .
 I really liked the price on this meter and after countless times of using it I have had it . I just missed the return date from amazon and I am really bummed about it . This thing takes forever to sync if it even does . I have had countless dead batteries that I wanted to test and after leaving the tester on for 5 minutes it still does not register volts of any sort ... just keeps going from 155 to 0 ... Not sure if it is just my tester but I have since replaced it with a 5 dollar junk tester that I can manually select that gives me the reading I want asap . More tech is n't always better and this one is a great example of that . No disrespect against equus , I have a number of their tools and they work great , just not this one .
 Arrived completely dead , messed around , finally figured out how to open and change batteries , then worked . I.e. , the installed batteries were completely dead . Also the printing for the range switch is very dark green on black , just can not be read without a flashlight and young eyes -LRB- which mine are not -RRB- . The AC current range maxes at 0.2 amps , so not useful for measuring measuring the draw of common stuff such as small devices and/or their chargers . I would send it back if it were not so cheap to begin with .
 Nice meter at a nice price that does everything that I need it to do . Meter feels good in my hand , is easy-to-use and it has an easy-to-read display.So , why does n't it deserve 5 stars ? The meter failed within a week under light use . I took probably 20 measurements with it . Meter will no longer turn on . Checked the fuse -LRB- it 's fine -RRB- and replaced the batteries , but still ca n't get it to turn on the LCD display.I 'm giving this product 2-stars -LRB- 1-star for the product , and 1 extra star for the hope that the replacement lasts longer . -RRB-
 I purchased this unit in October but did n't need to use battery load test feature until March . When I needed to check my battery I found that battery load test simply does n't work
 Takes forever to do a short-circuit test . Even when simply touching the two probe together , it 'll take about 0.5 to 1 sec to beep . Many times , the beeping is not even continuous , just one beep , done.When measuring AC voltage sitting on top of a large DC voltage , very inaccurate -LRB- reads 0.265 VAC on top of a 30VDC while VAC should be 0 . -RRB- Takes forever for any reading to stabilize.This would totally work if you just use it for very simple tasks like measuring a battery . I made a mistake thinking that this would be the right tool to aid my DIY headphone amplifier .
 It worked great for three months , then died . I tried putting fresh batteries in it , but that did n't help . Will never buy another Equus product again .
 Seemed adequate testing batteries , but takes a little longer to stabilize than others I 've used . The main problem was a design issue : Every other multimeter I 've used , no matter what brand , had the same convention - the fused inputs were only for use on DC and only for 10-15 seconds every five minutes . Had I read the manual to this multimeter , I would have noticed it 's backwards . The fused input is for everything , the unfused input is only DC for so many seconds , etc. . Things do n't go well if you miss that point.So , after a couple of DC checks , I switch the multimeter over to AC and stick the probes into an electrical outlet . The test leads EXPLODED . Not kidding . 5 '' of copper wire actually shot out of the black lead , leaving the insulation intact except for a pinhole . Unit seems to be fine , but both leads are toast . Scared the heck out of me . Huge cloud of acrid smoke.Bottom line , I 'll get another Craftsman ...
 This really is a piece of garbage . Because I used it just one time & it does n't work anymore & i already checked the fuse & the batteries & both are ok , & when i turn it on some times just blinks & turn it off again ... !!! Please give my money back ... !!! or replace it ... !!!
 I just got this and straight out of the box the leads would n't even pick up a signal half the time . Very disapointed ...
 DOA . Did n't test it when I received it , past the return time frame when I actually went to use it . 20 bucks flushed down the drain .
 After reading all the great reviews I ordered this meter and as usual Amazon provided excellent service . Unfortunately the great experience ended when the meter arrived . I took it out of the box and turned it on . The unit turned on and then switched off after a few minutes . I tried to turn it back on but to no avail . I called customer service and they had me change the battery on a brand new unit . That did not work . They suggested I get a replacement from Amazon and that 's what I did . 5 STARS TO AMAZON 'S CUSTOMER SERVICE.The replacement arrived 2 days later . I took it out of the box and turned it on . The unit did turn on but I was surprised to see numbers constantly changing on the display even when the leads had plastic covers on them . Anyway I tried to test the unit by performing an AC volts test . The unit read 3.68 V. Tried a different outlet and got a same ridiculous reading . Did a battery test with a brand new battery and it read 0V . Continuity test did not work either . I called the customer service and they were clueless about what to do . They suggested that I return the replacement and that 's precisely what I did . Once more 5 STAR TO AMAZON 'S CUSTOMER SERVICE for facilitating the return .
 Multimeter showed many good reviews , not my experience : The &#34; color-coded LED which displays a battery quick check &#34; never functioned . It doese not light up on any batteries , good , bad or otherwise . Replaced the AA batteries in the meter just to ensure this was n't the problem . Same result.Digital display showing &#34; numbers &#34; when placed in any mode -LRB- even with leads disconnected -RRB- . Move the dial to 1.5 , 9V or 12V , without touching the battery terminal and numbers are jumping all over the place . Seems to me if the probes are not touching battery terminal the voltage should read ZERO . Not in this case.I 'm sure I 'm just one of the lucky ones who received a faulty product.Vender and Amazon NOT contacted regarding what I call a faulty unit .
 Many desirable DMM features for less than $ 20 , but after living with it for a while , it turns out to be just one more POS from China.First to go was the three-light battery load indicator , lasting about six months . Not a huge deal and probably not worth returning for that alone . At exactly 13 months -LRB- one month after expiration of the warranty -RRB- , the display started dropping elements , which was annoying but the unit still basically functioned . Six months later and the display got worse . With nothing to lose , I opened it up and had a look . Turned out the screws securing the PCB to the chassis were loose -LRB- arthritic old ladies in Guangzhou whose best days of operating a screwdriver are well behind them -RRB- . Got that sorted and back in business , but not expecting this thing to last much longer.Could also use a backlight on the display.There has to be a better $ 20 meter out there . Wish I knew what it was.Cheers !
 I bought this tester when I opened the brand new box and turned on nothing happened , I looked at the manualand tried changing the batteries and nothing happened , maybe the fuse but when i checked to see the fuse it seems ok , so i called customer service and they said that I had to send it back ... but i live in Costa Rica and shipping it back will cost me more than buying it here ... so be careful it might come defective !
 I bought this for multiple reasons , I am a beginner with electronics so I thought this would be a good meter to help me wire my cars turn signals , help me build electrical devices , and check resistance in small engine magnetos . Suffice to say this meter is absolutely terrible . I bought this meter TWICE , and both times right out of the package I got the same results . Continuity is very touchy , Ohms did not read zero when the tips touch . Any measurement taken varied an immense amount , and in the middle of trying to decipher a reading through all that drift I constantly see that annoying OL reading on the LCD . I knew twenty dollars was too good to be true . If you just want a multimeter for checking your outlets and the occasional battery , MAYBE this multimeter is for you . If you plan on doing any legitimate work or if you care about your readings in the least , steer very , very clear from this DMM . Save yourself the headache that I and many other reviewers have received .
 Just received the unit today . Unfortunately , it was dead on arrival . Swapped out the included batteries with fresh ones and verified the fuse was not blown . No go , unit was dead as a doornail . Will be returning it to Amazon.com for an exchange ; might update rating if the replacement actually works .
 I bought this mutlimeter based on the great reviews it got but was thoroughly disappointed . The multimeter is inaccurate in reading small resistances - it repeatedly measured my speaker resistance as 4.7 ohm instead of 8ohm . When in open circuit , it measures 6V DC instead of 0V . And it is very slow to respond to measurements . I am returning it to Amazon .
 dont buy this or its just another waste of moneychanged the fuse a zillion time it just does n't like it
 I was impressed by the perfomance of this product ... until it broke irreparably about 2 weeks after I bought it . Unfortunately , I was out of the country and have missed the deadline for returns , so I 've lost $ 25 .
 Why does a vendor show a product for sale ... when the obviously are unable to ship . One month since my order ... and the ETA still appears to be another month out ... incredible .
 Received first meter DOA . Would not power on . Second meter worked well for a couple weeks then intermittently had the same problem . I am not willing to try a third time .
 This product was recommended and Amazon said it fit my vehicle but it does not -LRB- 2005 Jeep Grand Cherokee -RRB- . I am very disappointed .
 did not fit mu 06 grand cherokee , since i had to make trip it cost $ 35.00 to get it wired to work . very dis appointed . we were 5 hrs late getting started .
 I purchased the bundle of Class III tow hitch from Curt and the recommended wiring was this.This is not the right part for the Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo 2005 model unless your car comes with factory installed 7 way.The problem is , this model Jeep does NOT come with a factory installed 7 way and you will need a whole different power module.Wrong recommendation for the wrong car model .
 Recently installed a hitch on my friend 's 2000 Dodge Dakota . I have used these t-connectors in the past and they are quick and easy . However , upon examination of the underside of my friends truck there is no such connector on a 2000 Dodge Dakota Quad Cab 4wd V8 . We traced the wiring back from the taillight sockets through all the factory connectors and splices . There is no such connector on this vehicle . We were on our way out of town so we cut off the 4 wire trailer harness from the t-connector . We spliced into the existing wiring to get things to work but it is not for the inexperienced . They run separate ground and power to each light so you have 14 wires . Three for each tail and brake light . 2 for the CHMSL , 2 for the license plate lights and 2 for each of the reverse lights . Black with yellow stripe is ground . The power wire for the brake/stop/turn is the largest wire for each bulb -LRB- some are green with red stripe , some are white with stripe and so forth -RRB- . I combined all the grounds into one part of the splice and attached to the white wire of the 4 wire pigtail . Running light power wires for the left and right were combined into one as they have no individual operation and attached to the brown wire of the 4 wire pigtail from the t connector . I then separated the stop/turn/brake wire for the left and right and attached to the respective yellow and green wires on the 4 wire pigtail . Everything worked fine on the truck and trailer . Curt needs to research this a little more . Just because the model of vehicle looks the same does not mean they are set up the same.Hope this saves someone else some grief . Pick up a 4 wire pigtail from Napa or Home Depot for 5 dollars .
 I ordered this item cause it says it will fit my 2000 Dodge Durango SLT , but I received it all excited , and it do n't fit , It should be more specific on what it fits cause it do n't fit my vehicle but it says direct fit , bull crap .
 the first set of covers i received were the wrong covers so i sent them back the next set i received had the logo half in the seem so it look 's like i bought seconds .
 This remote starter worked well for three weeks . Then the keychain remote went haywire . Attempts to contact tech support using the phone numbers provided repeatedly failed . There is no e-mail address for contact . The web site for ordering new remote is down for construction . Bottom line is the product is probably a good product ; the company deserves thumbs down for their tech support -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- .
 I received this item as an x-mas gift , and have been attempting to install for well over three weeks . The install instructions , DVD , and parts are fairly comprehensive . I had a problem where I would remote start the vehicle , then when I went to open the door to enter the vehicle , it stalls and dies . Several calls to customer service later , no one can explain the neccessity for the door trigger wire , nor can they explain it 's proper function . In addition , the unit will not hold programming , and the remote start function is hit or miss . I also noticed today that the keyless entry feature is no longer functional . After several promises by tech support to have a `` supervisor '' call me back , I got a response from them . They issued an RMA to `` inspect the unit '' for me . Of course I have to pay to ship it to them , and they have no ETA on when I will receive the unit back.One other note on `` customer service '' . Of the six times I called , I only got one person that was willing to listen and try and help . Everyone else said `` reset to factory defaults and call back if it 's still not working '' . They would tell me this even after explaining that I had reset to defaults multiple times already.It 's an attractive product at an attractive price , but I would only purchase it if you were just wanting to gamble before dropping the $ $ 's on a quality unit.UPDATE 1/11/2008 : After having this for over a year , it 's held up . I did finally get the company to ship me a new unit . After installing the new unit , it 's worked great . I minor design issues still , but the unit has served well the past year . I 'm still not sure it was worth the pain of the installation .
 got the bulldog 500 , teck support isnt there hardley ever , abrassive teck support when he did call back about 3days later -LRB- jerry -RRB- directions very hard to decifer , they had the wrong video in the box -LRB- french language -RRB- i have a 2003 escalade ext , there in no quick t-harness for escalade , than you have to buy an xk01 buy viper to make door locks work -LRB- very difficult to understand -RRB- which didnt work , so had to buy aboot loader to make the xk01 compatable , than download . net framework 2.0 , which dosnt download . . so im screwed , anyone ever dealt with this & have sucess please call me anytime 815-878-1819 ... dont buy this product for anything but the remote starter -LRB- meaning the deluxe doesnt work with the xtras at least not 4 me -RRB- remote doesnt work as good as they say , it doesnt go through a house door!Bulldog Deluxe 500 Two-Way Remote Starter with LCD Remote
 We have had the worst experience with our Bulldog brand starter . Our car has been in the shop for almost 2 weeks ! An adaptor was needed , it came broken , the reorder took days , it still would not work due to a broken transponder , the replacement took more days to arrive ! Then to find out the printed instructions from Bulldog were wrong . We are now awaiting a needed part to replace the transponder that we found did n't need in the first place . The shop I am working with to install this nightmare product is frustrated with the lack of accuracte , contradictorary information it has received from the Bulldog people.This was supposed to be a Christmas gift . I am now stuck with no gift for my husband . I am stuck with a `` remote starter '' that is 3/4 installed and still waiting and still without a car !! If I knew how much of a problem Bulldog and their products would have been , I never would have used them .
 it took me about 16 hours of extensive work , which i did n't mind at all , to install it , but then when i was finally done , it did n't work at all , the owner 's manunall is not detailed at all and costumer service is the worst that i have dealt with , they were not helpfull at all ! so , i am returning it and investing in a better system .
 Installation was n't too bad ; I used the optional ' T harness ' to make the connections to the ignition switch . However , I have the same problem now that another user here reported
 Beware when you buy Bulldog prodcuts . The first remote starter we bought was bad out of the box . Customer support at bulldog is non exsistent . Also the company who makes the T harness has went out of business , and no longer can you find most models.Amazon.com 's customer support was fantastic . They replaced the bad remote instantly and the process was pain less . The lady who helped me was great .
 Decent design for the money , but no customer support . This is a universal kit and the website has some information , but customer support took over 2 months to get back to me that I would need to buy an additional module for my type vehicle to run the kit successfully . By the time they got back to me , I had already bought another remote start . Also , the hood pin is plastic and broke off in 20 degree temperatures , disabling the remote start , and no replacement available on company website !!!
 I have had a Bulldog remote starter for a few years . Remotes break at least twice a year . They were always good about replacing it but once I actually got one to last a year I had to buy one . That 's fine . First NO ONE EVER ANSWERS THE PHONE . I MEAN EVER ! You have to leave a message the may call today they may call tomorrow or the next day . I bought a new remote $ 19.99 . That sounds fair I guess , but they charged me $ 12 to ship it . Basic shipping !!! I live in the same state -LRB- OHIO -RRB- . Are you kidding . Besides the fact that you need to have a PHD to install it it does work good . By the way this replacement remote is $ 49.99
 I purchased this for my wife for a Christmas present . After spending over 30 hours trying to install it on our 2005 Camry , I considered it a waste of time and money . I ended up throwing everything in the trash . I consulted the mfg and they were not available on Saturdays as they said . When I DID contact them during the weekdays they expected me to be at the car , which I can somewhat understand , but their advice was still useless . The advice they gave conflicted with the manual and the web advice . Their advice was similar to `` Just do this or just do that ... '' and it did not agree with the cautions in the manual . Their manual conflicted with their web chart . I really took my time and tried my best and purchased the special adapter harness they recommended . An extreme waste of time and money . what a disappointment .
 I purchased this product a little over a year ago and it worked fine until about 5 months ago . The transmitter will not start the vehicle and only unlocks the doors after about 5 trys . I emailed their support several times for help but never received a response . I even called and got nowhere just like the other reviewer . Stay away from this product , you get what you pay for !
 This comes in a plastic package . On the front of the package , in huge bold letters , it says `` 34mm chain roller . '' Also only has a bearing on one side , which pops out .
 I ordered one of these for each of my 2 cars . The one for the Town Car is great , but they sent me the wrong one for the second car . I contacted them and am STILL waiting to hear from the company about getting the correct one .
 I ordered these shocks because Amazon said they were a direct OE replacement yet they are missing the bracket on the bottom of the shock that bolts to my vehicle therefore they are useless to me .
 the first set of covers i received were the wrong covers so i sent them back the next set i received had the logo half in the seem so it look 's like i bought seconds .
 these are plastic not rubber so I 'm worried how they will hold up . had to buy a hose clamp to try & seal the bottom of the boot .
 I 'm a little disappointed that the strut boot I received is not the same as the one pictured . I wanted the rubber boot but I got the plastic boot with the separate bumper . Basically , the SB103 -LRB- front -RRB- , and the SB108 -LRB- rear -RRB- are the same plastic boot , just with a different circumference . Just make the picture match what 's in the box is all I 'm saying .
 the first set of covers i received were the wrong covers so i sent them back the next set i received had the logo half in the seem so it look 's like i bought seconds .
 The name OEM seems to be purposely misleading the reader to think that it is an original equipment manufactured product . In fact it is not made by Hitachi or Bosch or Denso or any established brand as there is no brand label/marking whatsoever on it . So if you wish to purchase brand products then avoid this item . But its working OK so far at several months . Thats the only positive thing I can say at this point .
 I found this difficult at best to work with . The kit did NOT fit my car and the selection for the kit was not clear about the year and model the kit was suited for . I wound up getting a kit from a store that told me what color wire to connect with the wires in my car . Once I figured that out , I cut off the connections from the kit and wired it -LRB- using my clips -RRB- to the car . HUGE difference from the wagon to the sedan - Manufacturer needs to be more precise in the distinction !
 I replaced 3 of the 4 mounts on my 1994 Camry with Anchor mounts . The vibration was only slightly better , but I thought I had eliminated the mounts as the problem , so I spent more time and money checking other possiblities . Finally I took it to a auto shop , and they said that you have to use original mounts on this vechile , and sure enough the vibration is gone . The only problem is original mounts cost more than 4 times more . I am disappointed in the time and money lost , but happy that the problem is finally fixed . I am not sure if one or all of the after market mounts contributed to the problem .
 the heat gun burnt up after about 15 hours of use . First the fan started to whine , then the heating element glowed very brightly , then it totally died . I bought it on amazon 2 years ago so its probably out of warranty .
 not made to be outside . The weather destroyed it after about 2 months 5 stars if you keep it indoors
 I 've used this type of can tap quite a few times and this is the first one that does n't seal well at all . It works though , just hisses a little .
 We are keeping them because I 'm sure we can use them on one of our other cars , but it does n't fit a VW Tiguan .
 -LRB- edited -RRB- This tool does NOT fit the 2004 MINI Cooper base model rear brake caliper . I would return it but my car is disabled and I need to get it going , so I had to modify the tool with a grinder . A comment mentioned it works fine on the S model , which is probably due to the larger caliper size -LRB- unverified -RRB- . If you 're OK with grinding the tool down to fit a smaller caliper , go for it .
 The product I received did not seem like a real Monroe product . It had no markings whatsoever and was suspicious that it might be a refurb item . The product page makes no mention of whether the item is new or not . Part of the item had paint that easily rubbed off indicating that it was painted and an area that should not have seen paint . Also one of the end caps was fitted crooked . Finally , it did not fit my truck . I verified using the tool provided as well as going to Monroe website directly to make sure it fit my 1987 LandCruiser . I had to modify the shocks because the bolts inserts were too small . It made my truck bouncy on city streets , but seemed better off-road . After a couple of weeks I put my old oil shocks back on my trunk . I would have returned it , but I took these on my trip to Ethiopia so bringing them back is not worth the hassle and luggage weight .
 I was happy to see that my tire carrier arrived in a timely manner . UNTIL I SAW THE BOX . This product was stated to be NEW ... . maybe 10 years ago when it arrived at the warehouse . Then they opened it , then taped it back up , then opened , then taped , etc. etc. and it looked like it had been dropped from 40 feet up on several occasions . I ca n't believe the lack of care taken with this product . Unfortunatly , I need it to finish a project that has a deadline . So , it looks like I get to paint my NEW tire carrier , since it is in such shotty condition . I EXPECT MORE FROM AMAZON !
 Not very good at blocking out sun . If you want it for looks that 's about the only benefit . With a clean window and all it always seemed to come off .
 Do not be fooled by the picture . There is NO T-connector in this particular package . This is a simple plug in for Xterras already equipped with Tow package . No where on the web page does it tell you this . You can order the same thing much cheaper from other manufacturers . You must hunt down info on Curt Connectors yourself on the web to find all of this info , or order it and be very dissappointed , like myself .
 Purchased the upper and lower strut mounts for my Dodge Neon . Installed very easy and they seem to work fine . Less than a year later the rubber was cracked just like the old mounts I replaced . I did look at the engine mounts at the front and back , they look okay . Anchor is made in China and I would reccomend getting a better brand . The money I `` saved '' the first time is now costing me .
 I installed this in a 2005 Chrysler PT Cruser . The mount do not extend far enought and rubs agenst the transmission . The rubber is too hard and you feel vibration . The counter weight is also missing . I had to install OEM mounts .
 cable was purchased and given to my son for Christmas and it is the wrong part will not fit a 1990-1991 geo metro it has a straight flange and geo is angled it is also 5 inches to shortwill not allow return
 I was unable to use this product immediately due to an accident . When I first used it the 30 day warranty was a week expired , the compressor lasted less than five minutes , made an awful noise , then totally quit . I have e-mailed Auto Barn -LRB- the supplier through Amazon -RRB- and they have never had even the courtesy to respond . In a recent check , this compressor was no longer listed in Amazon but wherever you might see it , I strongly recommend that you spend a few dollars more and get something like Black & Deckers inflator that has a 2 year warranty and works . I will purchase nothing ever again from Auto Barn .
 This compressor worked reasonably well while it worked . I used it to inflate tires -- about 36 psi -- on my pickup . However it gave out after less than 15 usages . Seems kind of expensive relative to its useful life .
 Not only did shipping take forever regardless of the fact that it was within the two week window given , the product was also not direct fit as stated and is currently condemned DOA since an out of range on the primary side coil makes more spark than this pile .
 In the product description for this tool it clearly states , `` Made in the USA '' . On the handle of the tool it clearly states , `` Made in Taiwan '' . When I ordered it I hoped it would be like the Maasdam Pow ' r Pull that I have owned for thirty plus years . Oh well - it looks to be well made but Amazon clearly and apparently deliberately misled me - I 'm disappointed .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 The picture is of the rear seat but the product sent to us is the front seats ! Fabric is great but did n't try to put it on b/c we do n't need the front seat covers .
 I had been using Maguires vinyl protectant on my cars ' vinyl top and thought it was all right , but I needed to re-apply every week to keep up the good look . I tried this product in hopes of having the top looking better longer , but that is not what I got . The top looks okay , but it does n't quite have that look that Maguire 's gives , and I still find myself re-applying it often . I guess I have to keep looking for that one product that will give a good , long-lasting look -LRB- even if long-lasting is 2 weeks -RRB- . In an experiment , I did half my roof with Maguires and half with Eagle One , the Maguires lasted more than twice as long than the Eagle One . Next I will try it against Nu-Vinyl , which I will get in my next order from here .
 I purchased these Monroe MA765 air shock for a 2001 Jeep Cherokee back in August of 2010 . They were installed for about 3-1/2 months , maybe 1500 miles . Both of the shocks lost compression and rebound dampening so I removed them to see why . They held air pressure but both were leaking shock oil . I have no idea why , so I contacted the Warranty Department / Tenneco , One International Drive , Monroe , MI 48161 , -LRB-734-RRB- 384-7898 . I was told that these shocks carry NO WARRANTY . None , zero , not a 30 day , nothing . I was a bit surprised and disappointed . This may have been a flute that the shocks failed but the failure to warranty a product or at the very least allow for the product to be returned for inspection to determine why they failed in such a short period is inexcusable . Thanks for listening .
 it is too bad , i have buy some of them , but almost half of them are defective goods , and some of them looks so dirty!very dispoint !
 States that it fits 2008 Nissan Frontier but it does not , install attempt as per instruction , yet posterior hole of step is 4 inches too far rearward . Returned item and charged for return shipping . How is it that Amazon claims that it this matter not their error . I will no longer order items that Amazon claims it fits or is compatible with existing or specific types of vehicles .
 Well , the price was right and it was Amazon Prime eligible and I could have it in time for my Labor day trip . I placed the order August 29 and was expecting it August 31 . It had not arrived by the time I hit the road the evening of September 1 . Oh well , it will still be nice to have . When I finally got around to installing it , it clearly was not designed for my vehicle . The heating vents did not match the cut outs and there was a large piece of extra material that just covered up my glove box . It 's a shame and the very first bad experience I 've had with Amazon . And to learn that they expect me to eat the return cost ... that 's just wrong in my opinion . BIG FAIL !!!
 This is for a Warn winch plate , warn 25xt winch installed on a 2009 Honda Rancher AT 4x4 . Everything is ok until you reach step 9 . The picture does not show you anything . just throw it into the bumper any old way . You can not tell by the picture.Pictures 10 and 11 are of different bumpers.Step 10 Shows Winch and lower mount . Not close to what the parts look like . This picture looks like you installed the lower mount upside down.Step 11 Poor picture and it is not clear what to do . Bolts are not clear either . Hard to figure out how the upper mount is installedstep 12 if you can figure out which way around the upper and lower?Depending on your quad you mount the winch upside down or not.I actually called thinking I had the wrong plate for the winch . I chose Warn thinking I would have good instructions and quality.Quality is good but the directions are awful . Based on the instuctions I would have bought a off brand . I bought Warn thinking it would be easier and it was far from it .
 I have tried this product twice now and the lighter part of the epoxy was frozen solid right out of the packaging .
 Previously , I was using Abro Quick Steel Epoxy for my gluing needs . It dries fast , holds well , and becomes really steel-hard after cure . Now I decided to give a try to this glue . I was dissapointed.First of all , it was very hard to get a drop of it , since one of nozzles appeared to be clogged with dried epoxy . I had to use screw to remove the hardened epoxy cap.Second , while bonding properties of this glue are ok , it does not cures to fully hard condition , it remains a bit soft -LRB- soft enough that you can leave significant mark on it by using your finger nail -RRB- , so it is very difficult to finish the surface - imagine you 've glued some metal pieces together , then sanded whole area to receive the clean surface , then painted it , but you discover than under the paint you got the soft surface , and slight finger press can disturb it . Looks very unpleasant !
 The electrical interference I was hearing on my car stereo when I powered on this unit made this unit pretty much unuseable , will probably give it to someone who has power outlets further back in the car -LRB- van -RRB- , I assume it will make a difference .
 I purchased several of these to give as stocking stuffers . When they arrived , I was very disppointed . they are a lot smaller than expected . Still gave them as stocking stuffers , just everyone got two so they could put them side by side and actually use them . Also , they are not as sticky as others I have had ... they keep peeling up from the dash . Will purchase different ones in the future .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 If you 're looking for a heavy duty floor mat , this one is not for you . It 's very light and thin mat . I 'm not sure what to do with this after I bought this one . Do not trust the weight provided because it 's not accurated . It should be less than 2 pounds even with the shipping package . I 'm very disappointed !!!
 The item does not grip the floor carpet and bunched up under the accelerator . OK for other sections . Bought a thicker , heavier mat for driver 's side .
 Camera works okay during the day but at night it just has a round white image in the view screen . I thought I might be getting a glare off of the crome on the back of the truck . I removed the camera and held it , pointing it in different directions , still had the glare . If I hold my hand up close to it , it will focus and display the hand but goes back to the wite spot when hand is taken away . I have a Pyleview backup camera system installed in the truck and it works well . I bought the second camera for a different view . The Pylview has 2 AV input jacks so I can toggle between the cameras . Personally if you want the camera for night vision I would n't recommend this one .
 I orderd this item to use as a back up camera for my truck.I paid 24.00 for 3 day shiping . when it arived 3 days later the envelope had the price for shipping and it was only 4.60 who gets the rest of the money I spent , whatever . I got the camera and went ahead to install it -LRB- by the way it comes in a box with no instructions . red black wires 12volt , pretty easy , yellow composit line video easy , yellow and black wires soderd together < wtf ? so I installed it any ways left the yellow and black wires the way they came hooked every thing up drilled a f ing hole in the back pannel of my truck turned on my monitor and the picture that i got was in black and white with white lines moving up and down and side to side -LRB- supose to be color with nite vision -RRB- the picture that was comming was so fuzzy you could not make ouy a thing.However I figured perhaps I installed it incorectly so I removed the camera took over to a freinds house that installs cameras for securty systems for a living and he hooked it up with a 12volt dc regulated power suply and one of his monitors and got the same result , he beleves the yellow and black wires toggle between nite vision and not but didnt want to expermint if i was going to send the camera back . so I 'm sending the camera back and if they try to make me pay shipping or something for sending me atother camera I am going to explode .
 Not very good at blocking out sun . If you want it for looks that 's about the only benefit . With a clean window and all it always seemed to come off .
 The picture shows the retro logo but it is the new logo . If I would have known it was the new logo I would not have ordered it !
 First of all , I like the product functionality , price , and value . However , when I received my original order , the switch arrived in three pieces , as the plastic housing was broken . I returned to Amazon and received a replacement . This one had both tabs on the faceplace all bent up and turned over . In both cases , the packaging was not damaged , so it is apparent that the faulty switches were shipped in this condition . This company definitely needs to shore up its quality control system and to assure that defective parts are not shipped to the customer .
 These seat covers attract lint like nobody 's business ! Buy a lint brush to go with them . The little elastics are not long enough to install per the instructions , and the part that goes between the seat back and seat pulled off first thing . They 'll do for now , but I would n't buy them again .
 I ordered this to match my steering wheel and floor mats . first of all its a lighter blue than the others . second of all , it doesnt fit snug on my seats , but i have the detachable headrest , even though it says these seat covers fit over them.i wouldnt recommend this to anyone
 It is not a complaint about the product . I could get no info on how many mud skins you received for the price . After chatting 30 minutes with Grace she stated one flap which is ridiculous . $ 400.00 for a set of Putco mud flaps ? I ordered 2 a year or two ago and received 2 for less than 50 dollars . So I aked who I could complain to about the poor info and she hung up on me . I then called customer service and they quickly called me back . After about 10 minutes I was told you get two for the 94 dollars . Either way something has gone wrong with yourcompany . I just had to cancel an audio book that was to be delivered by August 31stand has not been delivered yet . What is going on ? You used to be a great company and now you are in the toilet . Push people to E Bay !
 I do n't know which pick-up these are for but they do n't fit my 2004 Dodge Ram 2500 . I returned them .
 This was a gift for my husband and son For their new trucks I was so Disapointed when my son put his on his truck and drove the emblem fell off on the street so my husband took a look at his to find that the steelers tag was attached with double sided tape so he superglue is emblem in place hoping it will work . Very Disapointed
 They look as though there is some semblance of rigidity in the photos , but alas ... none . The yoke being without adjustment means they have to be taken to a tailor to adjust the length for your bike.I thought these would be a good fit for my vintage British bike . Leather has too much of a Harley feel and I thought these were more working class cool . They now sit at the bottom of a closet with other useless purchases.Pass a dena .
 Well , the price was right and it was Amazon Prime eligible and I could have it in time for my Labor day trip . I placed the order August 29 and was expecting it August 31 . It had not arrived by the time I hit the road the evening of September 1 . Oh well , it will still be nice to have . When I finally got around to installing it , it clearly was not designed for my vehicle . The heating vents did not match the cut outs and there was a large piece of extra material that just covered up my glove box . It 's a shame and the very first bad experience I 've had with Amazon . And to learn that they expect me to eat the return cost ... that 's just wrong in my opinion . BIG FAIL !!!
 Thse clamps say they are stainless steel , however only the band was stainless . The Worm gear is made of Iron-steel ! The metal looked funny , so I checked with a magnet . We get similar Ideal-Tridon clamps elsewhere -LRB- for less cost -RRB- , and they definately do not stick to a magnet . Over the years I have already been fooled by this . Kept in a moist or humid enviornment these will rust and eventually fail . Rusty clamps look bad , stain adjacent surfaces , are hard to remove , and may not hold properly . Basically do not know of any reason to recommend these clamps .
 Completely useless on my black Cadillac CTS-V . Washed and dried car.Applied as instructed and a complete disaster . It looks greatfrom 5 ft but when looked closely , it leaves a nasty film residue.Had to rewash the car and wax using Zymol cleaner wax.Complete waste of effort .
 this stuff does make the paint feel smooth but very little shine . the only use i find with this product is to spray it on a paste wax after the paste hazes and the hardened wax will wipe off easy . also if you washed your car and its still wet , spray this on and wipe and it will be easy to dry . it is a quick detailer and not that great of one either . it does take the white residue off plastic moldings left from a real wax . i also used it to wet the paint before using a clay bar and to spray on the applicator pad when using a real wax .
 This product is very overated-The product is easy to apply and remove but the shine and smooth surface is just not there.Spend your money on a paste wax not this product .
 Read the ingredients
 Hey , I just want everyone to know how bad this product it . I just a normal consumer just like yourself , and would just like to tell you how just a piece of crap this product is . I actually called Eagle One -LRB- Valvoline -RRB- , and they basically told me had been using too much . So I used less . SAME RESULT , hazy , oily , terrible shine . I called again and they tell me they never had problem with this product , that they have done everything to test the product that the prouduct is practically flawless , easy , `` no buffing or heavy polshing even in sun or shade . '' I been washing , polishing , and detailing my cars for 15 years . I probably used 80 % of the junk on the market . THIS IS FAR THE WORST ! DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY !
 I bought these blades for my 1964 Cadillac . Although the arm of the blade is a good match , the attachment of the blade to the arm on the car is a gray plastic.I returned the blades to Amazon who has great service and bought just the refill so I could keep my existing blades .
 bought this car seat because of the simpson racing name and reputation . very very disappointed . paid for the name and not safety . under the cover is nothing other than a graco car seat . it is not even made by simpson , it just has the name on it . the car seat sucks . ca n't get it to tighten on my son ! i do not feel he is safe in the seat and am going to purchase another evenflo symphony like i should have done in the first place . cheap cheap cheap . do not recommend this seat at all !
 We thought this would be a better seat since it has the Simpson name ... but we 've had a good amount of difficulty with the straps and the release button . We thought it would be a fun seat for daddy 's truck . Maybe it will be better when our 2 year-old is bigger , but it 's not our favorite seat .
 After changing all 5 engine mounts on my Civic I 'm getting more vibrations than with the old , cracked , 14-year old OEM mounts . Seems like the Rear Left Upper is the worst one . Also some of the bolt holes are drilled in the wrong places -LRB- around 1/8 inch off -RRB- . Just cheap Asian made parts . The price was good but I 'll have to replace them again with the good staff . I will never purchase the Anchor brand again .
 The price on this is just right and the pictures make it look awesome . The quality of the suede is good , impressive even , but the construction of the knob on the whole is cheap and flimsy . Other than the suede covering , it 's made entirely of plastic . It 's far too light , you can feel the cut-rate construction while shifting gears , and I really do n't the think the fit and finish of the plastic would hold up under daily use for even a year.It 's too bad . The suede is nice and the shape and size are perfect . Pay a bit more and get a better knob . This one looks nice , and even feels nice , but I would n't trust it 's long-term durability .
 FIRST THEY LOST MY ORDER THEN THEY RESHIPPED AND SENT ME THE WRONG MERCHENDISE HAD TO REORDER AND HAVE TO SEND THE WRONG PARTS BACK ... WAITING FOR NEW ORDER HOPING IT IS THE RIGHT PARTS
 I mounted it and when I put my grease gun it , two of the wire clips came out of their holes . I might try to fix it or I might just toss it .
 I knew it was n't for MY grease gun , but with some altering it will squeak by ... for $ 6 and free shipping ? It will hopefully work as good as the large hose clamp I previously used .
 I was really looking forward to mounting my new grease gun on the wall . But after looking at the messed up piece that I recieved , there was no way this thing would work . The metal thumb flip/clasp on mine is malformed to say the least . It is just a piece of metal wrapped around the wire . There is no forming of it like you see in the pictures , so there is no way for it to push against the other wire to close . The wires are twisted out of whack and do not make a circular shape . More Chinese junk to go to the scrap yard . Do n't waste your time with this thing .
 I got a Lincoln grease gun holder a few years ago and was impressed with how well made it was . It always gives a positive &#34; snap &#34; when latching the grease gun in place . I use one hand to hold the grease gun , and the other to clamp the holder shut . When I got another grease gun , was glad to find the Lincoln holder on Amazon and ordered it . I am sorry to say that the quality of the newer grease gun holder falls far short of the older one . The wire arms tend to spread when applying pressure to close them . I have to use one hand to keep the wire arms from spreading too far apart while using the other hand to clamp it shut . This is not an easy task while using a few fingers to keep the grease gun in place until it is secure . I would not recommend this holder unless Lincoln brings the quality back up to what it was a couple years ago .
 i 'm no windshield wiper expert , but these are the shortest lasting wiper blades i 've ever bought . it was a hard winter and i park outside . but 3 months is too short .
 The fitment guide sent me the wrong part , again . out of town for over a month . I have 3 Ford trucks It wont even come close to fitting any of them
 The floor mats fit well . The driver 's side mat does not have an eyelet for the retention hook mounted to the floor , and that is disappointing as the description says they exist when `` required '' -LRB- and the general photo shows two eyelets -RRB- . The floor mats are a much lighter gray than the gray interior of the pickup . But the mats are thick and should last a long time.Edit 11/16/2012
 This part came up on a search for a 2006 Mercedes Benz C280 . I ordered the part and was very disappointed because it was much to large and had to be returned . I called Gibson Racing directly to order the correct part and they informed me they do not carry any exhaust tips for a MB C280 . So do n't get your hopes up like I did and purchase this item . . it will not fit .
 I ordered the 26 '' Trico 17-260 Teflon Blade Refill along with the 22 '' version for my 2008 Honda Odyssey . These were what was recommended by Amazon 's auto parts look-up system . I have the OEM wiper blades . The length is correct but the width is not , so I sent them back . The Trico 17-260 and 17-220 are 1/4 '' wide -LRB- actually about 9/32 '' -RRB- or 7 mm . What I need is 3/8 '' or 9mm . It 's too bad Trico does n't put the width of their wiper refills on the on-line info or on the package . It is also too bad that the auto-parts look-up does n't distinguish between the skinny and wide differences .
 My old wiper blades started to leave a smear of water on the windshield after three years of use , so I needed replacements . The Amazon site provides only a few choices when I type in Prius , and this one sounds good from its description , so I got it . The edge of this blade was rough and it did not wipe clean at first , but after a few hours of break-in , it was fine . Then very much to my disappointment , it started to make a squeaking noise after two months of use , and it did not rain that much . It still wipes clean , but the noise is so annoying that I have to avoid using the wiper . It is going to be dry season in California , so I will be fine for a while , and I hope it will cure itself after 6 months or so when it rains again .
 When you search by vehicle , these refills come up . Please note that the 16 '' refill will fit perfectly on the OEM wiper , but the profile on this 26 '' refill is wrong . Before ordering , take the old refill out of your existing OEM wiper and compare with picture provided . You will see what I am talking about .
 Got one of these for '07 Toyota Prius . Not pleased -- streaky from the very start . Tried wiping it off repeatedly , but no improvement . Would not get this brand again .
 The filter did not fit the auto as advertised and I had to return it and buy a filter from the Mercedes Dealer .
 looks good in the picture and on the vehicle , however after about two months the `` M '' disappeared . I tossed it because I was then driving a `` G C '' .
 The GMC red letters on this completely wore off almost immediately . Now it 's all silver . Whatever . Plastic crap . Need I say more ?
 This product is worthless . It 's plastic and broke at a car wash the first week I had it ... I would not advise anyone to purchase this.Thank you ... Dave
 this are not brake pads , there was something I do n't know what it is . so I had to get brake pads again .
 I bought this 1 month ago and have not put it in my car even right now , smells disgusting , not worth it .
 I ordered this unit for my ML55 W163 , alas it didnt fit . This unit does not fit the ML55 brake pads , so be wary when buying it !
 This HVAC blower motor does NOT properly fit a 1994 Infiniti Q45 . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The motor comes with bare wires , not the male Molex jack that is mounted directly to the side of the OEM motor . You 'll need to attach male spade lugs to the wires to plug into the existing female Molex comnnector on your car , and tape or heat shrink the wires to the connector so they do n't work loose over time . Or you can find a matching male Molex connector to attach to the blower motor wires -LRB- not easy to figure out -- Molex makes 100s of connectors -RRB- , or cut off the existing female Molex connector on the car 's wiring harness and splice the wires to the motor wires . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The OEM blower motor , when mounted on the HVAC evaporator housing , has an opening on its left side to receive a ventilation hose that runs from the evaporator housing to the motor to provide cooling to the blower motor . This Four Seasons replacement motor also has an opening for the ventilation hose , but it 's located at the wrong place on the blower motor . When the replacement blower motor is mounted with three screws to the evaporator housing -LRB- on the firewall behind the glovebox -RRB- in the only orientation in which the screws match up , the ventilator opening in the blower motor casing faces to the right and you ca n't attach the ventilation hose.The alternate VDO-brand replacement blower motorVDO PM2721 Blower Motorappears identical to the Four Seasons motor , and has the same problems . I could pretty easily have attached spade lugs as an electrical connector , but I was n't up for fabricating a new ventilation hose . So I bit the bullet and ordered an OEM blower motor at 4X the non-OEM replacement cost and it works fine . A used OEM motor I ordered on E-Bay was graded `` A '' quality , but the motor brushes were 95 % worn and would n't have lasted more than a year .
 I bought this 1 month ago and have not put it in my car even right now , smells disgusting , not worth it .
 does not fit the actron cp9185 as decribed total wast of time the net said it would but do n't the price was good
 This device is advertised as used to connect an audio device output to a GM Trailblazer Radio/Cd Player . It may or may not , but it certainly is n't clear how one would accomplish that . None of the connections on the wiring harness -LRB- basically , that 's what this is -RRB- resemble an audio jack , nor are any labeled as such . Additionally , there are no instructions whatsoever , so it 's not clear what this wiring harness is intended for . Do n't waste your money .
 if it does n't come with installation hardware ? There is absolutely nothing included in the box except for the damper . Spend your money on a competitor 's product .
 I bought this battery to use in my storm shelter . I fully charged it and put it in the shelter hooked up to an all weather radio and DC power outlet , but no other loads . The radio was off and left off . After a month I checked it and it only had 2 volts , it had failed . I tried charging at the recommended voltage , but the charger showed an open cell . The fine print in the users manual says that if the voltage is less than 2 volts then it has been discharged by the user and the warranty is voided . Yea , I guess I am out the cost of the battery and will just go to Walmart and get a more traditional battery .
 I bought this battery for a Guzzi Le Mans I have been building . The battery has been used to start the bike maybe 5 times , used to test lights & wiring , etc. . Always trickle charged.Last night I accidentally left the ignition on overnight , and the taillight ran the battery down . Its not the first time I 've done such a thing , and usually recharging is n't an issue . This battery will not . In short , I bought a premium battery expecting long service life , and never even got to use it on the bike ! I 'm not bothering with the warranty , because its worded to deny pretty much any claim . Just a word of warning for those looking at more expensive batteries ... these may not take the abuse a cheaper , more robust battery would . The $ 30 lawnmower batteries sold at Autozone have served me better , weight an size excepted .
 Beware . This is a non returnable item !!! I was not realizing this and ordered it as a regular battery for a vehicle but its way too small for a regular vehicle also it 's size will not fit in any of our 4 runners so I dont know what this works for but it does n't work for us and now I have to try and figure out what to do with them , Amazon says they will not return them as they contain hazerdous material . You can get a better battery that is returnable for less money at almost any store so beware I would n't buy these or such things on the internet your risking a lot of money if you do n't like them or ca n't use them !!
 I installed this battery in my 87 FLH thinking it would have a more power than the regular gel batteries I have been using . I was totally wrong . This battery would barely turn engine over . It cooked my starter solenoid and I replaced the starter all with no avail . I reinstalled my 2 year old battery that had been sitting in the garage without being charged and it cranked engine over much better . I contacted Odyssey batteries and they said they could n't refund my money because I have to get the refund from the retailer which is Amazon . Amazon has a 30 day return policy . So I have a $ 127.00 mistake sitting on the shelf . Live and learn .
 I 'm about to buy a battery for a 1956 Ford Thunderbird I 'm rebuilding ... its an odd size and the photo in the add makes me think this battery is a perfect fit ... but darn it anyway ... somebody forgot to add the dimensions in the add.Thus , without my ever buying the battery this customer is less than pleased with Amazon for allowing such a poorly written add ... Add does not say this battery IS or IS NOT a car battery ... the add and photo are both misleading and why are no dimensions given ? Seems dumb to me !
 i just purchased 2 of these tiny batteries . i thought they were the size of a car battery ! i read all the reviews an NO one even mentioned that its a motorcycle battery !! i just thru $ 232 in the garbage !! i brought them to power my shed with solar an the only thing these can power is a 100 watt light blub for maybe 4 hours !! best of all folks you can NOT return it !! yup your stuck with it like it or not ! i could of brought 4 car batteries for what i paid for this rip off . NEVER again will i trust what i read in these crap reviews
 I have two of these cans . They are `` self venting '' which means the air is supposed to suck back in a separate pipe in the spout . In Theory . In reality the suction in the tank prevents the fuel from running at even a quarter of the rate of a real vented can all the while in a splashy rather than smooth stream -LRB- lack of venting again -RRB- , then it stops all together when the suction gets so bad it gulps air and anything else back into the can . The spout is rigid and impossible to use without a funnel The only way I have found to use the can is squeeze it as hard as I can to get a good flow then release to force a `` gulp '' . This is even worse than my older vented Blitz can with the spout stored inside the can -LRB- smelly hands anyone ? -RRB- With idiotic government regs in place vented cans have become all but impossible to find . In OH we ca n't even get these self vented ones anymore , rather we can only get CARB ones which are self venting compounded by a spring loaded closure . If your state is going CARB , get what you can now .
 Apparently they dont ' sell gas cans that have vents on them anymore . This leads them all to claim to be ` self-venting ' . Well , what it really means is that they are going to go glug glug glug and poor slowly , and probably cause you to spill gasoline all over the place . I 'm sticking to used gas cans , I 'm sick of buying these inferior products .
 This can seems to `` piddle '' the gas out or fire it out , not much in between . The cap design is absolutely horrible . The little yellow cap is difficult to click into place and unless it is REALLY on there then it fall off with the slightest bump when you are moving it around . The idea for this can is great but the cap and spout need a fast redesign .
 I purchased this for the Cold Cranking Amps to power my big bore Harley . I had it for 3 months before it died , then replaced it with the same model battery and it also lasted 3 months . Every time I started my bike it took to much power out of it and then took to long to recharge until they just would n't hold a charge anymore . For stock applications It would most likely work fine but it is billed as a heavy duty battery and it fails . You can actually measure the decrease in cold cranking amps after every start . Once a Week I would measure it and watched the life just tick away
 This battery was specified for my bike -LRB- Triumph Rocket III -RRB- . 1st it was too small and needed spacers to fit correctly . I made sure it was charged and keep it on a float charger . It stranded me twice within 2 weeks . If the outside temperature was below 45 degrees , better have jumper cables and a good samaritain to give a filthy biker a jump start . Good luck with that late at night ! Glad they do n't make smoke detector batteries . Stick with a lead acid AGM made in the USA.Amazon did take care of the refund immediately , made it easy , and provided great customer service .
 After all I 've read about Odyssey batteries , I 've been very disappointed in the PC545 I bought recently for my 2004 Dyna Wide Glide . I have aDeka Sports Power ETX-20Lthat was put into service 2 1/2 years ago that cranks the motor quicker and with more authority . Both batteries are charged and maintained with aBatteryMINDer Battery Charger / Maintainer with Desulphator - 12 Volt 2/4/8 Amp , Model # 12248 . I believe that my disappointment is with the model PC545 and not with Odyssey batteries in general . The PC545 is 3/4 -7 / 8 '' shorter than the stock battery . I have to believe that if this model had been made to OEM dimensions -LRB- taller -RRB- , it would be a better performer . My recommendation for any Harley that uses this size battery is the Harley replacement battery or the Deka ETX-20L - whichever can be had at the lowest cost . I have read several places that both the Harley and the Deka are products of the East Penn Manufacturing Co. . East Penn is considered by many to be the best manufacturer of batteries bar none .
 The battery shown in the image is a metal clad Odyssey pc545 with the UBC code of 043cs031700485 . I ordered this item because it was metal clad . This battery will be used in an off road application and I want a durable case . I received the shipment in a very timely fashion -LRB- the next day -RRB- but it was the unclad version with a different UBC code , 0572d090620065 . This item is supposedly non-returnable . I contacted Amazon.com customer service by e-mail and am waiting for a responce.Odyssey PC545 Powersports Battery
 Advertised for a Passat wagon - and did n't fit the grommets . The box label was for another model of VW . Returned for refund .
 Coverking gave Amazon the wrong information for these floormats . Do NOT buy them for a 5th Generation Passat Wagon , as they are meant for a 4th Generation Passat Wagon ! I bought these mats for my 2003 Passat Wagon -LRB- which is a 5th Gen wagon -RRB- , and the passenger side mat is way too wide for my car . The width between the holes of the passenger side mat is quite a bit wider than the width between the pegs on my Passat , so the holes of the passenger side mat do NOT fit on the pegs in the car.I had to email Coverking photos of these mats as well as of the original mats that came with my Passat , and this is what they told me : `` It looks like the item you ordered is for 1998-2001 . If you have a 2003 , then you would need pattern
 This foot rest is so small that it belongs in a child 's pedal car . It is also only slightly heavier that Reynolds Wrap foil paper .
 First , the marketing & their product names ??!? What 's with all the bright colors & simple catch-phrases , it 's enough for me . I felt like I was buying something from Mattel or even a children 's cereal . I 'd be embarassed if I was working for them.Now , the product itself is black as the ace of spades , mild steel . what struck me was the weight , it 's literally twice as heavy as the DynomaxVT of similar shape/size . You could use this as a potato cannon better than a muffler , however with all of these points that I do n't like , it 's still a very well made muffler .
 After waiting a long time for this item to be processed and shipped , it arrived today and does not fit on the dash for my 2001 Chevy Cavalier . It is over an inch too short for the length of the dash , which means the pre-cut vent holes do not line up correctly . Also , the material -LRB- while advertised as high-quality work -RRB- feels lightweight , cheap , and flimsy . The smoke color was a decent match to the graphite factory interior of my car.Bottom line , I would not recommend these dash covers . I 'm sending mine back for a refund .
 Hopefully anybody that might be considering purchasing the exhaust JOHNJASONCHUN is listing on this BORLA page will read this ! Or hopefully anyone that did n't realize will be informed now - CAREFUL ! johnjasonchun is listed as a MarketPlace seller of a Borla 11732 but its not so slow down before you go clicking the add to cart ! -LRB- go to bottom for a short Borla review -RRB- Yes , look at the customer pictures he posted . Also make sure you look at the two I posted of the exhaust he is selling . That 's right , I got suckered in to purchasing it believing it was the Borla system . I saw no mention that HIS was not Borla , and when I opened the box all I could say is What the F % ^ * . . ? Thankfully Amazon was EXTREMELY good at helping resolve the situation -LRB- the seller was refusing to take it back -RRB- . JohnJasonChun would only say `` Stainless Like Borla . BETTER than Borla . Look at pictures '' . Then he would continually respond with `` You did n't read . your fault . you did n't look at pictures . your fault `` Look at the two pictures I provided . . Better than Borla ? Right !!! Thankfully he was forced to change his description which also now appears right in his listing -LRB- you 'll see when you select ` also available from $ xxx ' link -RRB- rather than being buried in yet another link.ANYWAY , THIS is what you will get if after reading this you choose to buy : Glasspack - 22 '' long , 3 1/2 '' case , 3 '' inlet and outlet , 409 stainless or -LRB- most likely -RRB- Aluminized steel . Best I could find that matches this is a Jones on Summit -LRB- 4 '' not 3 1/2 '' case -RRB- for $ 28.952 1/2 '' 409 stainless pipeExhaust flange NOT for Miata but cut and drilled to fit -LRB- see pic -RRB- 4 1/2 '' Dynamax DNX exhaust tip -LRB- maybe $ 25 ? -RRB- And what 's with 4 1/2 '' on Miata ? RICE ! -LRB- not that anything is wrong with that -RRB- Fabrication
 Paid for fog light bulbs , never got them . Was told they were sent . Then told they forgot to send them and would send a set right away . Never got them . Never responds to emails or anything . RIP-OFF !!!!! No product , no money back !! SCAM !!
 I bought this from an online automotive products store because it was advertised as a `` swirl-finding '' spotlight for my car 's paint . That was a total crock , making it just another flashlight.Furthermore , after the first month , it wo n't even hold a charge . I have followed the instructions to always charge it for 8 hours . It will be bright when I take it off the charger , but it will be next to dead 24 hours later . To my dismay , the `` 1 year limited warranty '' does not cover the battery at all -LRB- or the light bulbs -RRB- , meaning this light basically comes with no warranty at all.I would not recommend this to anyone .
 The problem with rating products is that we tend to do it on a short term basis . Does it work ? This light did work , for 13 months . It is guaranteed for a year so it is out of warranty . The rechargable battery does not hold a charge . It probably lasted 12.5 months actually I am just getting around to the review . I am a rechargable light guy . This is the worst one I 've had . Do n't buy it and try to find one with a two year guarantee . I do n't think it needs to last forever , that 's not the point , one month out of warranty is not acceptable . But then Brinkmann knows they are garbage that 's why they do n't guarantee them longer . The ones I 've bought before lasted a couple of years minimum .
 Does n't hold a charge very long . Low beam is useless . And high beam is n't much better . Would not buy this one again .
 So i bought this for my son for christmas so he could walk the dogs at nighta couple weeks later the second bulb burns out and he gets mad at me.if it didnt break down this spotlight would be great.its really bright .
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 Hard to work while raising . Doubt one can crank the jack at greater than one ton . I had great diffulty at about 700 lb .
 The part sent is not the same and is nothing like the part advertised in the picture .
 I would not buy this product again . I would not recommend it for a shop , or for use around the home . The spout is too small and not flexible which will shorten is useful life .
 We recently used this product on a trip to Disney World . We went through several rainstorms along the way and when we arrived to our destination , everything was WET !! Lucklily we had a washer/dryer at the condo so we had to wash everything ! Would not reccommend this product !
 Wrench appears to function ok . I have owned I-R products in the past and have been pleased with them , all USA made . I was n't aware this was a Chinese import and would not have purchased this product .
 Stay away . i ordered a bug guard for my dad 's truck for Christmas present on December 10th and they still have n't even shipped it yet . Change the name from GO FAST PARTS to GO AS SLOW AS HUMANLY POSSIBLE PARTS . OR IT WILL NEVER GET THERE PARTS . I think it could of gotten here faster on horseback . I will never order anything from them again . only gave it ONE STAR because I amazon makes you give at least one . Minus stars as far as Im concerned .
 This dust boot is far too small to fit over my caliper cylinder . I compared it with the one I took off and it is almost half the size . I checked to make sure I ordered the correct part and my account shows I ordered the right part for my specific vehicle . Big waste of time . It was only $ 7 but I advise you save your labor and order from someone else .
 I will have to modify this to make it work which means I have to invest a few hours of my time plus the cost of a piece of 1 x1 x 10 tube . The design requires the roller to roll on a round tubing below the platform and it does not work correctly even with no load - the keeper pin pops off allowing the roller to slide off the lever . They should have used a square tube shapped bar for the roller to roll on -LRB- a flat surface -RRB- .
 After getting ready to perform a brake job on my car , the rear brakes being drum needed changing . I was looking forward to have new rear brakes and getting rid of the squeak that had developed . I wanted to use all new components , brake shoes , brake drums and a new set of springs , clips , rubber parts and springs . Upon opening this package of Drum Brake hardware , I instantly realized none of the included parts would fit , not a single piece . I do n't know if it was the shippers fault or the manufacturer , either way , the cost of returning it did not make it feasible returning it , so I now have a bunch of springs and stuff I 'll probably never use . A big waste of money .
 I got this to protect my X9 winch because my motor went bad due to rust from rain . It fits size wise but it will not fit my winch unless I cut a side to fit the wires from control to the motor , and the cut will fall right were I need the protection -LRB- over the motor -RRB- . Anyone that has this winch knows what I 'm talking about . This is a generic cover definitely not custom made to fit this winch . I 'll just use it for looks not for the intended purpose . Not recommended .
 Do n't waste your time - arrived with legs and antenna broken . Was n't worth the price of sending it back so it became a ball for my cats to play with -LRB- minus the remaining legs -RRB-
 Mine also burnt out after only two years . Half of the illumination part flickered untill it finally stopped working all together . Stick with the OEM bulbs !!!!
 I have had mine for 5 years and half of the illumination part is no longer working . Recon would not help me out with a replacement . The LEDs are not worth the extra money . They are supposed to last a loooooong time , and they do not .
 The ramp is ok , but I was a bit surprised that only 1 ramp was delivered . The picture shows clearly how I want to use it . I believed it was a set for that price .
 I ca n't detract to heavily from the quality but the price seems rather high for an item that does n't come as a pair . If all you need is one ramp though and you include the cost of shipping then this was indeed fairly priced . The only problem was that I thought I was buying a pair . My mistake , but I dare say they do seem like a nice ramp but I just wish that I had gotten a pair of them instead of only a single ramp .
 Just wanted to thank all of you that placed reviews . I was about ready to order when I thought better check reviews . Definitely was a misleading ad and would have be more costly so went else where to buy . Thanks again !
 When you sell a ramp where the picture show 2 ramps , you need to include 2 ramps or make sure in the description it says ONLY ONE RAMP INCLUDED !!! Would have made the same mistake as the rest if I have n't read the complaints . The seller is trying to confuse the buyers into paying twice the price as the auction site people use !!! As for the quality of the ramps , I will pass on this ` DEAL ' and go elsewhere :0 -RRB-
 Well , I wish I had read the reviews first . . The picture surely shows 2 ramps - And exactly how and why I need 2 ... However , only one comes with an order . . Perhaps on the verge of false advertisement -LRB- ? -RRB- To make it even worse , the price has now increased on the other one that I have to order . otherwise one does me NO GOOD . .
 We also were misled into believing that there were 2 ramps for our purchase . Whenwe received only one , we did in fact go and purchase another . To our disgust , the second one shipped WITHOUT the hardware . We are now in the process of sendingBOTH back .
 this is how many companies get wealthy in this country . this is our fault because we let this happen . just as they did at w.w. 2 concentration camps ... the answer for this is clear . if 1 person tried to escape ... when caught ... they would choose another innocent prisoner to die with them . this must be the way for everyth from our corrupt system of government ... to worthless fatcats like this company . they should be kicked off amazon + be forced to choose 1 other innocent company to go as well ... then this crap wil stop . my 10-cents .
 I have just bought this item like 1 hour ago . And I have committed the big mistake of not reading the previous feedback of other costumers . I have just bought the same item again because when I tried to cancel the order 15 minutes after I read the negative feedback , they said that the order could not be canceled . The picture shows 2 ramps , not one . I feel cheated but my mistake was not reading good enough . At the end I am spending more money and not buying the best option .
 Case does not stand upright as packaging says `` hardware not included '' . All it does is flop around even if you are trying to insert items . Also the carpet attachment strips do not adhere at all . A waste of money .
 It sucks , I ended up giving mine away and buying some way better ones i found for 9.99 at the container store . This is difficult to fold and does n't even stay up on its own .
 DO N'T BUY IT !!!!!! DO N'T LOSE YOUR MONEY !!!!! DOES NOT STAY UP ON ITS OWN.DOES NOT HAVE DIVIDERS , AS OTHERS .
 I just received a package of this product centric 105.034 posi-Quiet ceramic brake pad with shims ... but I am confused , first because I was thinking it was the kit . 2nd . Would I be able to know if this order that I made is for the forward wheels or back wheels ? because I need the back ones , in case that they are diferent that I need , would you be able to change it?I really appreciate it . thank you /
 Just received this adapter from BIC Superstore . The image -LRB- s -RRB- and description are inconsistent . This item is a NEMA 5-15R to 30 Amp adapter and not a NEMA 5-20R as described . If You have a 20 amp cordset that requires a NEMA 5-20R , this one wo n't work .
 Background : I decided to replace my own brakes for the first time because I would rather spend the money on tools , knowledge , experience so I can do it myself for the rest of my life . I was able to get the calipers off but the bolts holding the caliper bracket would n't give . Heat , quenching , PB Blaster , nothing would move these bolts . I knew I needed an impact wrench.Side by Side : I first bought the Coleman Powermate 024-0077CT impact wrench because it was cheap and the specs seemed good to me . I thought 250lb of torque -LRB- Supposedly -RRB- would be enough to remove those stubborn bolts . No joy . The Coleman had a hard time with the lugnuts and did n't move the caliper bracket bolts at all.I went to a local store and purchased this Ingersoll Rand 231C wrench . I got it home and it buzzed those bolts out like they were only in finger tight ! I made no changes to the air compressor and all of the other parts -LRB- e.g. air hose , sockets , etc. -RRB- were the same.Results : You really do get what you pay for . I only wish I would have read the Amazon reviews before I wasted money on the Coleman . Oh , and I paid approx $ 50 more than Amazon price for the IR wrench locally . : -LRB-
 Unfortunatly you get what you pay for . And if you waste your money on this you 'll eventually find out that it cant even take off those stubborn lugs that drove you to buy it in the first place .
 this item does not fit at all , i was very disapointed when i went to install it on my truck , so next time ill read the decription alil better
 The picture of the exhaust system misrepresents the system you will receive if you order this part . I was on the hunt for a dual exhaust system for a 1988 Mitsubishi Starion . After entering make and model I was match up with part number LET-M01 . I ordered the part and much to my dismay and great disappointment was that the LET-M01 is a single exhaust system much like what I already have installed . When I called to ask WTF ? And about the picture , I was told the picture only serves as a reference . Look at the back of that GTO , I see dual exhaust . This is not what you get . Now I have to spend time and effort to go through the hassle of sending it back .
 Trash !!!!! Junk !!! not worth the cardboard box it came in better off using the box and throwing the drink holder away .
 I work part time at an auto shop doing primarily tire changes so I wanted a good sturdy core removal tool . I bought this and for the the three days I used it , I loved it . I loved it until I attempted to remove a valve core that was somewhat stuck and one of the stems on the removal tool busted right off -LRB- I did not even apply that much strength . Very disappointing . I will not buy again .
 First off I have waited to calm down before writing this review . For starters not showing the true product on the site should have flagged me , but after typing in the brand , model and year of my quad and then the pop-up message saying that the part will fit , I decided to purchase it . Reasons for bad review :1 -RRB- Part did not arrive on dates specified , but later .2 -RRB- Part did not look like the picture .3 -RRB- Part DID NOT FIT my quad as they said it would .4 -RRB- Having to pay a 20 % re-stocking fee to return a product that I was told would fit my quad is unacceptable and just not right.I will NEVER use Amazon and POWERSPORT SUPERSTORE again as I am not satisfied and lost money on this deal . Very upset .
 I drive an 2007 Civic -LRB- 8th generation -RRB- . I purchased these horns based on their positive reviews . Installing the horns seems straight forward to me , though it requires purchase of your own wiring -LRB- wire , fuse + holder , and 1/4 '' blade connectors ... another $ 10 into the project -RRB- After I had everything rigged up and was ready to try the horns out , I discovered the included relay -LRB- that is * supposed * to power the horns via the car battery -RRB- was faulty . Fortunately , the car 's fuse is rated high enough to power the horns , so I wired the horns directly into the existing circuit . After bypassing the relay , the horns fired ... but the sound I can best describe as underwhelming . I compared the stock horn against the Fiamm horns and I would be hard pressed to advertise the Fiamm 's as `` louder . '' The sound is definitely less meep-meep than before , but as far as loudness goes , I 'm not very impressed.So in short , I give these horns 2 stars.-1 for not having all the needed components that I would expect most people to have-1 for not impressing me with their loudness-1 for having a defective part in my packaging
 I 've got a 2011 Mazda3 Sport that has such a wimpy horn , each time I hit the horn button , I ca n't help but imagine Peewee Herman whining , `` excuse me ? '' Mazda should be ashamed of the sissy , apologetic beeper that the Mazda3 comes with , but then again , the Japanese are famous for producing great cars and motorcycles ALL with wimpy horns . My 2010 Kawasaki had a pair of horns that were almost as bad as what the Mazda came with and I replaced them with Hella `` Supertones '' -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0030YWM0Y/ref=oh_details_o03_s00_i00 -RRB- , which are LOUD . I was going to get the Hellas for the Mazda , but the Fiamms had generally good reviews and they 're cheaper . The good news is that the Mazda3 puts out a positive feed to the stock horn , with a 15 amp fuse , so I did n't need the -LRB- supplied -RRB- relay . That made installation and wiring very simple . The bad news is that one of the two Fiamm horns is EXACTLY the same horn that Mazda used as OEM equipment ! ALL of the information on the horn , right down to `` FIAMM '' and the series of numbers embossed in the plastic -LRB- A046495 AM80S-E3 55306 0055306 -RRB- are the same . The only difference between the OEM horn and one of the new ones is that the new pair came with red plastic covers on one side of the bodies and chromed grills added to the trumpet outlets . The red covers and chromed grills were probably added to make them a bit more spiffy for those who would install them on a motorcycle , since they 're marketed for car AND bike use . So now my car has Hi & LO tones of Peewee Herman horns . They are not especially loud , but just having two horns in place of the OEM single unit still nets an increase in total sound , if not by a lot . I gave them two stars because they do actually go `` BEEP '' in two tones and , even if they 're not very loud , they 're a bit better than what MY car came with.The Fiamm horns are inexpensive , but I suppose it all boils down to , `` you get what you pay for '' . Next time I 'll spend a few bucks more and get the Hellas . I suggest you do the same .
 `` El Grande '' translates to `` The Largest '' . Hopefully Fiamm is n't a woman-owned company , otherwise they 've been living their lives full of disappointment.Want to get the attention of other drivers ? Do n't install the horns . Instead , keep them in your glove box and simply throw them at the car of the driver who pissed you off.Fiamm should have used a room full of bitchy ex wives as their design target .
 Be careful , it is not made clear in the product description that these horns only have one spade connector lug . So , if you have two wires -LRB- positive & negative -RRB- you can not use these horns unless your entire chassis functions as a ground .
 Good for only 2 weeks and stop working I am mad with it you buy something and not good that first I love it now only the low tone works this is tresh do n't buy this
 The worst experience in buying online is that what you see is NOT what you get . When you shop in a local store , you get the right size because you can see -LRB- or measure -RRB- it . On internet , all you depend on is the description . The size description of 7 x 1 x 5 inches is totally wrong . The correct size for each rubber block should be 3.46 x 1.3 x 1.93 inches , or 88 x 33 x 49 millimeters . Amazon should have some quality control on this matter . BTW the weight 11 Ounces are correct for combined weight of the two blocks .
 I often prefer to shop with Amazon when compared to other online alternatives , however for this item , I was quite disappointed that Amazon does not include an adequate description of the item . Specifically it is difficult to confirm exactly what is included with this purchase because the generic description provided for both the front and back seats . Since I wanted to only purchase front seats , it was too difficult to confirm which one to purchase , so I found it elsewhere online . Too bad , Amazon missed out on my business this time . The lack of a phone number to call and confirm product details also does not bode well for Amazon .
 This is a nice looking rack pack but I had it since july and dont do much but ride around my 2 acres I had a -LRB- small -RRB- tool kit and extra rope in it and 8 months later all the straps broke off that held it to the quad but I guess for the price it I had a good run with it . Go for the more expensive one so this doesnt happen to you
 My husband bought me this steering wheel cover , which is sized `` appropriately '' for my 15.5 inch wheel . It did n't fit . I tried to then put it on his car 's 15 inch steering wheel , and it still did not fit . To add insult to injury , the stitching ripped as I `` slowly stretched and worked the edges '' as per the instructions . Unless you have a 14 or maybe a 14.5 inch steering wheel , do n't even bother with this product .
 Steering wheel cover was not standard size . Actually ripped when I tried to put it on my steering wheel so was not happy with the product !!!
 Well the wheel cover did not work it came apart the first day that I used it . When I first looked at it on line there was no measurement as to what size of wheel it was actually for . So I got it and put it on unfortunately it tore and I had to get rid of it any way .
 I 've used multiple steering wheel covers in my 2005 Santa Fe and never have had a problem until now . This cover is adorable , but will not fit . I am incredibly disappointed as I had searched hard for a design I liked and bought seat covers to match as well . Now , I have to go without a matching set . What a great waste of money . I would have gotten a style I liked less just to have a set that worked for my car .
 Need to contact seller . This item is crappy . Cheaply made . Tried to install it on my steering wheel and it ripped . I want my money back .
 It is terrible . First of all the product is very dull from age . The packaging broke when I tried to take it off of the packaging due to age . I ca n't even use the item because it does n't fit my steering wheel on a 2011 Ford Escape . Now it just sits in the closet never used .
 1 -RRB- Well , it 's sitting on the steering wheel of my 2000 Dodge Neon , but it does have about a half-inch rip on the back of it , which I have tried to hide . I hope it lasts at least a year . 2 -RRB- If you live in a warm climate , it will still be pretty hot to the touch , unfortunately . It has more of a vinyl-on-velvet feel . My hands feel grimy and dry after using it . Hopefully that will stop with more use .
 After receiving I quickly realized it 's a useless rack . It needs to be modified before it can be used and thus sits in a box somewhere .
 I bought an electri pac with 35 amp fuse which blew and noneof the auto shops or hardware stores have 35 ampfuses . This is not good !!
 Pictures speak louder than words ... And this knob is nothing like it . I thought it was a solid circle . It looks like the AT&T logo but instead of filler in between the stripe `` white '' there is nothing there . . so it razors ur hand whilr u drive . Other than that , its great ! ; /
 I placed this order feb 25 2008 . It is now Mar 22nd , I was made aware that a delay occured in my order which will in turn add another week and a half before I receive 2 shocks !!! This is the last time these individuals will receive my business !!!!!
 Deberian vender lo que exhiben en la foto , ya en la compra que realice no me lleg&oacute; el kit completo ; sin lamparas de repuesto ni el switch que exhiben ni tampoco el tipo de cable que aparece en la pantalla .
 Gauge was and still is 1.5 lbs off -LRB- low -RRB- , checking with manual pressure pump , and two other gauges . But allowing for that diffence , it will be okay . At five psi , it reads 3.5 psi , and reads 1.5 psi low all across the scale . For the low price paid for it , along with the cost of return shipping , returning it would be a waste . I will be using it only ocassionally , to check fuel pressure temporarily , so it is n't like I will have it working all the time .
 Installed this gauge on inlet line to a Quadrajet with mechanical fuel pump rated at 6 psi . Gauge read 7 to 7.5 psi from day one , and has been reading 8 to 9 psi recently . Finally pegged on 15 psi . Removed the gauge and it still read 8.5 psi at atmospheric . Installed a new industrial gauge and pressure reads 5.5 psi . Obviously bad from the start .
 I purchased this gauge here on Amazon thinking that I did not need to spend twice as much for a liquid filled for what I needed and all was well , the product arrived in good shape as always with Amazon purchases and then life happened . I went out of town for work and vacation and finally got a chance to install it and low and behold it did not work . Reads zero at all times . I was lucky enough to find this out on the deadline for returning however it is the deadline for the items to arrive back at Amazon so I am out of luck and out $ 20 . Do n't waste your money or if you do make sure you install it right away so if it is defective you can get a replacement .
 This item does not work . It does not read accurately and the reading changes if you touch the housing . Very poor quality .
 I received this gauge recently and upon opening an undamaged box , found it to be bent and inoperable . the outside shell is only attached to the mechanism with a flimsy piece of metal and two screws .
 I got the job done BUT ... The tube was too short so it could n't rest on the floor.It arrived with a kink that made things a bit difficult so I could n't rest it on the suspension somewhere.In the end I let it dangle in the air . Luckily it did n't fall off and make a mess.The tube reacted with dot3 brake fluid . It browned and became soft . I uploaded a picture so you can see how it looked after one use.The cup is way too small . You end up running around like a man possessed . OK for bleeding but no good if you want to completely change the fluid out like I wanted to.Only plus I can think of is the different sized rubber attachments for bleed nipples . That 's a nice touch.Had to call Amazon because I was 5 days past my return date . They told me I could have a refund as a one time favour . I told them to pull it off the shelves and contact everyone who has bought it so they can get new free tubes .
 ok so i ordered a hand vac pump buy ordered wrong one and didnt get the little plastic cup with it so instead of sending it back just to get the cup i ordered this so i can bleed brakes and what a POS works great if you still want to 2 man it and just not get fluid every were but you cant use it with a hand vac because there 's NO SEAL on the lid what am i soposed to do with this
 How does a 10 inch by 16 inch by 6 inch piece of vinyl cover the front end of a Camaro . It is advertised as a Front End Cover , but exactly what is it you cover ?
 I INTALL THE PRODUCT JUST LIKE THE INTRUCTIONS AND AFTER FEW MINUTES IT WAS RIP FROM ONE OF CLIP NOW IT WONT SAT ON THE CAR I HOPE IS JUST A DEFECTIVE ONE AND NOT HTE WAY THIS PRODUCT IS BAD QUALITY DON BUY TRY A DIFERENT BRAND
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 The alarm itself works fine but not exactly what i wanted . i am very dissappointed with the seller . i ordered the pyle pwd501 and i recieved the pyle pwd401 . a completely different alarm so i ended up paying the better alarm and getting the smaller model one .
 Please . Please consider spending the extra money and purchase a security system worth the installation trouble.Cons : Round trip between transmitter and computer is ridiculous.Transmitter has frequency issues in terms of interference.Pros : pending ...
 we ordered and received two of the Wagan Brite-Nite Spotlights . After only one month , one of the lights quit working . Both were charged per the instructions and appeared to be good . Would not recommend these lights to anyone !!
 The `` spotlight '' is bright , and shines a good distance , but it 's also a bit underwhelming . I was expecting something with a little more power .
 Received item tried to charge it . Followed directions to the letter . It did n't work . Nary a blink . Returned immediately . Nothing else to say .
 yes , the item arrived on time and in what seemed to be in great condition . i followed all instructions especially about charging the unit and guess what , the first time all three lights worked fine . 5 mins later , only 2 lights worked as no spot light came on . i charged again and still nothing . the next day with a full charge and only 1 light was working , the other has a long delay before it comes on.i live in the caribbean so it makes no sense financially to return this item . it 's a terrible item i purchased and will not recommend this type of unit to anyone !!
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ... 1st one received would not charge ... . amazon replaced the item immediately but problems again w/the 2nd ... . charged as per instructions & small light & camp style light were good but main spotlight barely illuminated ... . decided to let it rest & try second charge ; well the spotlight did n't evem light after sitting 2 hours -LRB- no 2nd charge attempted -RRB- ... . while amazon has been very good about working w/me i 'm just not gon na send this back , 2 outta 2 in 4 days is just more then i want expecially when i live out in the boonies & services ai n't around the corner ...
 I opened the box only to get sick of the chemical smell which refuses to go away . I am not sure what they used to rub around the casing of this flash light.It looks great , has a long list of functions but that 's where the good ends.Here is the ugly ; It takes forever to charge , It 's heavy because it uses a lead acid battery and here is where the design fails . Lead Acid batteries do n't last long ... on flashlight mode , the juice runs out in 10 minutes ... and just in case you do n't know this about LA batteries , they 're only good for about 300 cycles before the battery 's ability to hold full charge goes down.What 's worse is that this unit does n't hold the charge for a long time . Meaning , if you have a full charge and do n't use it for a couple of months , you might not have any juice left to turn it on.This was a pathetic purchase for me . It was n't worth the $ 10 I paid for it to send it back for a refund .
 This set , although Amazon verified that it would fit my 2006 Toyota Corolla 's rear drum brakes , is missing an essential spring.Also , the springs are not exact replacements for the springs in my car . The large green and yellow springs are very different than the ones in my car . It appears to me that this is a generic spring set , not specific to the Corolla.On top of that I waited too long to return the springs -- my bad . But overall a very , very disappointing purchase from Amazon!Otherwise , the springs appear to be of good quality , hence I 'll give it two stars . If it were poor quality , and missing the spring , one star would be too many .
 FIRST TIME TO UNTIE FROM SISSY BAR ONE OF THE LEATHER TIES BROKE FROM RIVET
 The pockets are neat , but after 9 months of regular use -LRB- by a 130lb woman -RRB- the seams between the black and gray material have completely come apart . Not just a little 1 '' gap , but literally an entire foot of seam has opened up on BOTH sides . Seems a little ridiculous .
 This product would have been fine except that who ever packed it crushed it into a book package which left folds in the rings compressor . This is not something you want . Because of the shipping costs it 's not worth sending back . Do n't buy this product using this method is my recommendation !
 maybe I did something wrong , but after a day or 2 gas started leaking through and then the patch peeled off .
 This stuff might work with a sealer or something , but it sucks by itself . Especially if you still have a little bit of gas in your tank . Just sticks to your fingers instead of the metal .
 I often prefer to shop with Amazon when compared to other online alternatives , however for this item , I was quite disappointed that Amazon does not include an adequate description of the item . Specifically it is difficult to confirm exactly what is included with this purchase because the generic description provided for both the front and back seats . Since I wanted to only purchase front seats , it was too difficult to confirm which one to purchase , so I found it elsewhere online . Too bad , Amazon missed out on my business this time . The lack of a phone number to call and confirm product details also does not bode well for Amazon .
 broke the first time I tried it and now I can not return it . ripoff for sure . the design is flawed . it breaks at the little white release handle
 The package says '' `` Perma-Coil '' The Other Name in Thread Repair `` Do not believe it . I 've used Heli-coils successfully to make repairs in cast iron engine heads.I attempted a repair to a cast iron carburetor bolt hole using the Perma-Coil kit.The coils in this kit are poorly made , not wound tight enough to properly fit the 3/8 insert tool and too soft for even a simple job.The tang straightened out after 3 threads time after time . I gave up after the 6th coil.I 'll stick with heli-coil products .
 Even though this item shares a Mr Gasket part number with the same item sold elsewhere on the internet for the same price , be aware that apparently Amazon has gotten their hands on a special production run . While everyone else sells a ` kit ' that consists of two -LRB- 2 -RRB- spacers , when purchased from Amazon the kit only contains one -LRB- 1 -RRB- spacer . Although the description here is n't specific enough to actually state how many are in the package , the weights and dimensions match those of other sellers . The only way you find out you just got half what you thought you would was when you open the package.I initially bought these from Amazon because of the superior customer service , but in the end , the only customer service I got to utilize was their return policy.To recap - buy this anywhere else for the same price and get two per package -LRB- i.e. a ` kit ' -RRB- , buy from here and only ge one .
 Ordered Raybestos Brake pads and Rotors -LRB- Desired to have compatable items as these are the brakes for a loved ones car . -RRB- . Recieved parts very quickly . The brake pads I received are from some unknown vendor -LRB- not Raybestos -RRB- and who knows the compatability of these items . Chose to only order parts sold and shipped from Amazon and can not understand why someone would take the liberty to substitute without contacting the customer . In order to get the job done , I will get the correct parts locally and take the time to pack and return the incorrect items I was sent . This is not the way to do business !
 This product is NOT permatex ultra black silicone sealant !! The correct number for that is permatex 24105 . Did n't notice this until I went to use the product and it was notwhat the description says that it is .
 Ye old `` fitment notes '' strikes again . These are caliper hoses for the front wheels only , not the rear wheels . But not this car ; some other one . Amazon would do well to either commit to selling auto parts or get out of the business . Once again , I will eat these parts and they will go to a landfill somewhere because the brake hoses are not expensive enough to amortize the return shipping . The best advice
 I bout this one in Amazon depending on the part finderAnd it said that this part fits your Chevy caprice 1994So I bout it and when it arrived it is completely deferent it dose not fitIt was for an older model for gm !!!! The question is how is wrong about this
 I used this Mr. Gasket water neck/outlet on a 1996 Ford E150 , everything align okay except the water outlet and pump hoses are n't same size .
 I should have listened to the other reviews in regards to the waterproofing or lack thereof of this product . Took a trip from Florida to new York unfortunately it rained the whole trip back . Unfortunately all my luggage was soaked and some clothing was ruined.This is an excellent product on dry days . It managed to hold 4 carry on size suitcases securely . Spend a little more and get something water proof not water resistant
 Two out of two went back to WalMart $ -LRB- 42.77 / 2005 -RRB- I bought Schmacher because the present charger that I have owned since the 1970 's is a Schmacher and still operational . IT has been a supurb product BUT this newer breed of Schmacher chargers seems to leave allot to be desired .
 charger is ok but the number of charger is too close to the 12000a . Wanted 12000a got 1200a . Pay attention , seller home & beyond are not customer friendly .
 This charger is electronic . For charging batteries it works fine . As a 12vdc power supply it will not work . You can not connect anything to it other than a battery . A headlamp or a backup sump pump , or any other 12vdc appliance will not work with this unit . Just so you know.Schumacher SSC-1000A Automatic Speed Battery Charger
 Today is April 13 , 2012 . My order was placed on March 26 , 2012 . So far no sign of the product . I hope I receive it by tomorrow or as soon as possible .
 I planned on using this unit to charge my auto batteries and then leave it on trickle charge . However , it has a FAN which constantly runs and will wear out , just like the fans in the PC 's do . I do n't know , but I also bet that if the fan bearings fail and the blades wo n't spin , the charger microprocessor will not operate for safety reasons . Really poor product design to use up fan life when you want to trickle charge a battery over the winter .
 Sending the product back today . I tried charging 4 different batteries with it . 2 were totally dead car batteries , 1 was lawnmower , 1 was brand new out of box motorcycle battery that needed 2a charge for 10 hours . After about 30 minutes on the brand new battery it shut off and said it was 100 % charged . It would not start the atv . It did not charge any of the batteries I tried charging either . Had to jump them with another vehicle in the yard later and let the alternator charge the batteries . Not sure if it was just a fluke with the one I had , or if they are all like that . I read a lot of other reviews but no one gives specifics , they just say yeah it worked great or no it did n't . So here is a specific review for you ! Hope this helps others : -RRB-
 Not very happy with this charger ! many times it shows 100 % charged and unplug and reconnect then shows the real charge . if the charge is less than 50 % takes hours on high charge . seen voltage at 15.6 ? sounds like it may cook the battery .
 This is not what Amazon is thinks it is . They have confused the SC-12000A Schumacher Speedcharge Battery Charger , Model # SC-12000Awhich is no longer available and substantially a more powerful unit.This listing -LRB- this one above , SC-1200A -RRB- has the correct picture and model number , but the descriptive text in the title and details touts the specs of the the 12000 , not the 1200 . I sent it back today once I saw that it was the less powerful charger . I missed the Gold Box this week because I saw this unit and thought it was the better unit . I went out today and bought locally as I ca n't wait for an alternate item to ship.One of the earlier reviews -LRB- 4-12-2007 -RRB- alludes to this issue but it appears this was not Amazon 's mistake . A model number with a single zero difference enables confusion all the way around .
 Stay far , far , far , away from this charger . I walked away from tested , good , low charge battery being charged on the 8amp setting connected to a 750CCA regular car battery and when I came back a couple hours later it was boiling and still trying to charge ! I checked the charge voltage and it was at 16 volts -LRB- measured with a Fluke meter -RRB- ! Bad , very bad , charger and not automatic or smart at all .
 Stay away from this product . The fan on mine quit about a week after I purchased it and now the charger itself has stopped working . Seems it does n't like cold weather . Bought it at Wally World and they wo n't take it back .
 I was hoping to find the Schumacher model 7000A 2/20 Amp charger to review , but this 1200A is just a variation on the same thing . Looks identical too . After reading bad reviews of Schumacher and Vector it 's clear these companies ca n't do anything right . Seems any product that has a microprocessor is programmed by the incompetent . Let me tell you about Schumacher speed chargers.They wo n't charge batteries that do n't already have a significant charge . If your battery drops below 10 to 11 volts , forget it . You 'd have to have a manual battery charger as backup for when this wo n't charge , which eliminates the need for this thing in the first place . The explanation from the company is that the charger has to feed off the voltage in the battery , blah , blah . The purpose of a battery charger is to charge batteries , period . Then I was lied to by the tech and told if I hold down a certain combination of buttons when plugging the unit in , it would go into manual 2A mode -LRB- where the processor does n't decide it wo n't charge your battery -RRB- , but I sat there on the phone with him doing just as he said , and turns out no such feature exists . The manual does n't mention anything like that either.The charger is totally unpredictable . It almost always goes into desulfate mode . It has never completed a charge after coming out of desulfate mode , but ends in an error . Needs to be unplugged and plugged back in to start charging again to `` completion '' . However completion does n't seem to get the battery to 100 % power , more like 80 % , if that . Sometimes it wo n't charge at 20A and drops down to 2A . Do n't know why . And according to the manual , desulfate mode can take up to 10 hours . So much for speed charge . Need to get into your car and go somewhere ? Well you may need to wait until the next day.It has a retain mode where the charger can sit there and monitor your battery and charge when needed . Figured I 'd just leave the thing on my car almost permanently . But those who programmed the thing do n't understand setting upper and lower thresholds . What it should do is charge up to the upper threshold , then when the battery drops below the lower , it charges to the upper again . I therefore expected it to turn on once a day or whatever . Instead it 's turning on and off every several seconds , with the fan and relay clicking on and off . That 's a good way to ware out the unit in no time.It has a 70A engine start feature just incase you do n't have enough juice to quite start your car , but if the battery is low enough where the charger wo n't charge it , the engine start feature wo n't work either.My last car battery was probably only 1.5 years old before it would n't even take a charge . I 'm beginning to suspect the damn charger might be responsible . When going into desulfate mode for instance , I see the voltage climb up to well over 16 volts . I do n't know if that 's good for the battery.The simple act of charging a battery can be turned into a stressful nightmare with this crappy charger . Stay far away from Schumacher . It 's clear they ca n't build a realiable charger , nor does it appear they 've actually tried out their own products before dumping them onto the public .
 Have used this charger for A year to charge my boat batteries . Never completes A cycle without having to un-plug and restart . Charged battery overnite , and found battery was boiling . Had to replace . Bought new model -LRB- walmart -RRB- and returned old in same box , and still having same problems.My life depends on dependable power offshore . This charger is garbage , going to sell at fleamarket and get real operational charger .
 I bought the charger on closeout at Walmart for $ 41 . The ` smart ' function apparently goes to sleep after the battery charge is complete . I watched the voltage indication on the charger drop below 12 , and it never resumed charging . After unplugging/plugging back in , the charger got ` smart ' and showed my battery was down to 80 percent . It took 5 hours to bring it back to 100 percent . The same thing happened on the second cycle -LRB- deep cycle boat battery -RRB- . Last time around , the charger aborted and had to be plugged/unplugged several times to finish the charge . I emailed Schumacher for help and got no reply . This is my second defective out-of-the-box Schumacher charger in a row . This one is going back just as the first one did . If I had left the boat for long , the battery would have run down , and the bilge pump would have quit -- not good on a wooden boat . Buy a real charger .
 After the battery is mostly charged , this charger goes to 16.4 volts and starts boiling the electrolyte . Normally when battery is mostly charged , the voltage should not go that high !!! The charger did not switch to a float mode either as it was supposed to.To make sure it is not a battery issue , I tried to use this charger on 3 different batteries and saw the same result . Charger at 16.4 volts and boiling electrolyte . If I was not keeping a close eye on the charger , it would have destroyed my battery by boiling out all electrolyte . I thought this thing is `` smart '' and `` automatic . `` Did I also mention that one time I was tried to use the charger -LRB- see above for results -RRB- it was making a lot of loud noise because of a constantly running cooling fan .
 I got a few years of service out of this charger . The red `` check '' light is now on and wo n't go off . It just wo n't charge at all - any battery , any outlet . I never liked it anyway because I always had to unplug it and restart it before it would charge a battery enough to turn a starter . It would charge up to 70 % or so , then the fan would just run for hours . You could tell it was n't charging because it makes a distinct sound when it is . If you unplugged it and plugged it back in , the charge % would drop way down and it would resume charging . I 've seen 2 fairly new of these models now get stuck where the red `` check '' light comes on and they die . I will never buy another Schumacher product again .
 Straight out of the box this thing was junk.The buttons to select options were all broken.One was pushed all the way in , one rocked back and forth and was n't attached to anything and the last almost sufferable.Returning immediately.Looks like many other things , the got reveiws are older , maybe back when the item was better made.I 'd like all items to be reset every year.Just because something was good years ago , does n't mean it 's still made the same way.I would appear that this is the case here as well.This might have been good at one point , but no longer the case.Hugely dissapointed.Looks like I 'm headed down to Sears for something made of metal that holds together during shipping .
 This product is worthless for gel cell batteries . Moreover , it does not accurately reflect the capacity of batteries . Plus , while charging , no matter how low the amperage , the irritating fan operates at full speed . Do n't waste your time with this product .
 The Good : It charges and has not overcharged any of my batteries . The variable charge rate is handy for different capacity batteries.The Bad : I do n't think you could build a cheaper snap fit plastic case . It feels like it came from the dollar store.It is almost impossible to fit the power cord and charging cord back in the hollow storage cavity . I removed the handle and this helped . Handle ? Why do you need a handle?The fan runs continually ; it 's not silent.Plastic stencil -LRB- name plate -RRB- is starting to peel off.The Verdict : If you have a nice shelf to store this on and need to charge a battery in the garage ; it will do the job . If you plan on throwing it in the back of your truck on the way to the marina make sure it is in a nice padded case .
 I bought this charger because the advertisement said it would automatically go into charge mode when the AC power was applied . My application was for a remote diesel generator where I powered the charger from the generator output thereby maintaining a battery charge while it was running . However , that turned out to not be the case as I have to go to the generator to enable the charger every time I have a powwer outage .
 I purchased this charger after trying to get another POWER ON BOARD charger that also had the desulfating feature that worked extremely well but was no longer available at a reasonable cost.This unit will not go into the desulfation mode no matter what I do , I hooked to to a sulfated battery only to return 8 hours later to see the `` green '' maintenance light lit , and the volt meter on 10.2 volts . I have reconditioned batteries over and over with my previous unit and know what to expect . This was a lawn tractor type battery that I have had great success with so far.RUN DO N'T `` WALK '' AWAY FROM THIS SCHUMACKER CHARGER !!!
 I received this as a gift . I filled it with CDs , which went in fairly easily , and then tried to put the organizer onto my Honda Element 's visor . The elastic bands did not stretch far enough to get around the visor . I tried to force it , and bent my nail backwards in the process . Anyway , I did manage to get the band around the very end , but could not push it over , and had to pull it pretty hard to get it off the visor . The packaging says `` Fits most visors '' . I am considering cutting the elastic and stitching some velcro so that I can actually use the thing.The organizer is pretty cheaply made , but would probably last a couple of years nonetheless . I would not recommend this item for use in taller vehicles or for those who would use it every day .
 I had high hopes this would work . The design looked good , it was the correct size for the filter on my engine , the quality of the wrench is good , and other reviews were good . However it simply slipped around the filter and did n't get a grip no matter what I did . The filter was clean and dry . I ended up using a pair of channel locks to remove the filter which proved the filter was not over tightened as it came off easily.Perhaps it is just my fault it did n't work but I 'm not a clutz . I 'll likely toss it in the trash .
 this wires were not listed as universal wire or you put together . which i had to they said they are the wires for my car , they did n't say they were two feet longer than the oem wires . if i had to buy them againi 'd mtell them to stick them where the sun and moon do n't shine . JUNK
 Ist , I had no idea you had to put these together . There were no tips on how to squeeze the wire thru the tiny boot and on a right angle . The grease they provided was no help.TIP
 well this was supposed to be for my truck and when it came in it looked nothing like the picture and it came no where close to fitting my truck dash ! it was to short and completely different than what they said i was getting ... compared to the picture ... i paid about 35 dollars for a piece of crap that doesnt work ... thanks alot !
 Wrong part sent , but not according to Amamzon database , also found wrong information stateting `` This will fit your 1968 Dodge D100 '' , and on a few other parts , double check different company websites for correct parts . Amazon 's database for car parts is lacking for older vehicles , it 's happened to me twice this year to return parts -LRB- First time ever in years -RRB- . I feel like returning this 3rd item because it was suppose to fit my truck . They need a better auto parts database .
 product was supposed to have a timing tab . . i paid 22 dollars for an eighteen dollar item even after contacting customer service ... i 'm disappointed but not to where i 'll never order again ... i 've ordered several items since and they were right
 I BOUGHT THIS COMPRESSOR TO USE ON A 4-WHEELER , WAS TO FLEMSY TO COMPRESS SPRINGS . PROBALLY WOULD WORK ON A BRIGGS ENGINE .
 Someone is not telling the truth about this tool for use on a Kohler 23hp engine . The valves are overhead with keepers . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The base of this tool does not fit into the head , for removing or installing the spring . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The adjustment does not close enough to compress the spring for installation , even on the bench . There are very few if any small engine applications for this tool .
 It would not fit the 400cc atv motor I was working on , the piece of metal that pushes down on the spring is very very weak . It broke after my 2nd try .
 This was n't quite the right shape for the Honda CB500 engine I wanted to take apart , but I was able to get it to work . Unfortunately , it broke after removing 5 of the 8 valves .
 I bought this item along with a Denso 234-4169 Oxygen Sensor . The thread chaser was listed as `` Frequently Bought Together '' item and I assumed it would be the same size and thread as the sensor . I was wrong . The thread chaser did not have the same thread pitch and I almost ruined the sensor mounting hole . Be very careful when Amazon list `` Frequently Bought Together '' items . Whoever puts these items together does n't know what they are doing .
 Instead of this Crimping Jaw I rather buy Crimping PlierThese 2 tools are not working very well , after strike few times with a hammer 2 notches on the tool almost come off , and also you have a change to hit your finger with the hammer too , if you are not carefullySo if you can afford , then by the Crimping Plier do n't buy these 2 small crimping jaws
 In spite of reading a negative review of this same product from a different supplier at Amazon , I ordered one of these to replace one like it that was 20 years old on my old car.Yes there is plastic molding flash and quite a bit of it , that needs to be trimmed off in order to get this to properly seat on the distributor body . The molding flash is due to the injection mold wear at the manufacturer . This is not the distributor/dealer 's fault , it is either the molder or the Accel company who actually owns the mold , who does not want to build a new mold or invest in a major mold rebuild for a low volume product . Such is the economy in the US.Once trimmed , the cap works properly and the price was right . No complaints.Whoever you buy one of these Accel caps from I suspect the product quality will be the same . This one was manufactured in Canada , not China . The workmanship of the mold is not as good as the old part made 20 years ago , it obviously came from a different mold . I have been involved in injection and compression molding since 1970 . Unfortunately , MSD does not make a screw down cap for the HEI distributor . The only other high performance one that I could find was a Taylor , but the price was higher , maybe the quality is too . You get what you pay for ?
 The cap was hard to install due to plastic scrap at the base of the cap . The conductor was broken so I had to use the old one . I would not recomend this cap to anyone ! Buy Delco or MSD .
 These plug were cheap . I used in a 05 Katana , and my bike didnt run very good . Put new expensive plugs in , and the bike runs awsome .
 I was a little bit shocked when I opened the box to see a `` spectra '' brand radiator when I order a `` proliance '' brand but I did n't want to go through the trouble of return it , so I installed it and I must say it is a great radiator . I did learn that spectra and proliance are basicaly the same company just labeled differently.The radiator was in great condition no damaged fins etc. . Shipping was very quick less than a week . I am very please with my new radiator and would highly recommend the sellerUpdate , top started leaking bad so I had to get another one . So ordered it on June 7th 2010 , today being October 6th 2010 and the thing is leaking . DO NOT buy these radiators they are junk , I am going to invest in a aluminum radiator .
 This review is about the seller of these boots , rather than the boots themselves . 11 days ago I placed the order for these boots , never having received a shipment notification ... I emailed Motorcycle Superstore for an update . My reply from them came in the form of issuing a credit , no notifications , no explainations . While I am very pleased to have my funds returned for an item that I did not receive ... it seems to me that a communication of any sort , be it an out of stock issue or other issues that would prevent the order shipping would be a good business practice .
 The wires are so long in this set , my engine could be about 2 more feet behind the distributor and they would still reach . I had to coil them up around the strut adjustment bolt to get them out of the way . The boots are so large , they barely fit on the cap , and there is no play to position them to route the wires in a clean and neat fashion .
 Item came with parts missing and using Amazon there was no one to contact . Had to go out in the middle of installing parts to get the Distributer end of the cables . NOT FUN when you get parts with parts missing .
 This item did not include , not does it appear designed for use with telescoping poles . At best , an ornamental addition to a truck . The instructions clearly state that it is not meant to secure cargo .
 i bought this for a full size pickup and when it arrived it was for small trucks and nowhere in the info did it mention for small trucks only . would not recommend to buy this part and does not work very well when driving it gets loose after a few minutes .
 the plate is on my trunk , when i close it the letters fall off , there are black letters imbedded in the word nissan and are falling off , just had the plate for a few weeks , i dont recommend it
 I bought this while living in central New York and its accompanying blizzards . The brush was decent enough for sweeping snow off of my -LRB- compact -RRB- car , but the scraper end was mediocre at removing ice and eventually lost a corner , rendering it useless.You 'd be much better off just buying a separate large brush and something like theHopkins 13014 Ice Chisel 10 '' Scraperinstead .
 I usually do n't write reviews ... but I was shocked at how cheap and flimsy this thing is . Maybe I am just used to beefier snow brushes being from Ohio . So not very super deluxe in my opinion
 did not like it , the brush is too far back on the handle and the scraper is to narrow
 I have owned this snow-brush for several years . My main usage is the ice scraper part of it . For light over-night frost buildup , this tool is sufficient . But this is definitely the wrong tool for light and thin ice -LRB- not even heavy ice -RRB- buildup on the windshield . First , the front edge of the ice scraper has hard time to grap onto the light thin ice . Secondly , the plastic ice scraper can not sustain heavy scarping work . My ice scraper got broken while trying to remove some light thin ice.For think ice on the windshield , do n't even think about using this tool.You pay with what you get . Now I am looking for more heavy duty ice scraper .
 I was very dissapointed when I finally used this brush for our first snow this week . The brush sits too far back to clean the part of your side windows next to the side view mirrors without the scrapper getting in the way and constantly banging your side mirror . The bursh is too small to be effective for anything more than a dusting . The scraper is angled so that only about 1/2 of it actually hits the windows at any given time . For me , it was waste of time and money . I would not recommend this product .
 when using the brush , the shovel constantly scratch other parts of the car.bad design .
 Flimsy construction and weak materials . Ice scraping teeth are almost separate from each other and break off easily if you try to scrape real frost/ice . Mine broke off within a week , my girlfriends within similar time frame - she eventually returned her 's to a store . Recently during snow storm while driving rental , I borrowed one - handle broke off when I shook snow off it.I guess for two bucks it 's OK as a cart filler , but if you need something that will hold in snowy area for at least couple of seasons , buy something sturdier and/or buy locally , so at least you can return it and stick it to manufacturer .
 I ordered the size for my vehicle but four of the wires were too short by about a foot . I was able to use them by routing them on top of the valve covers , -LRB- instead of along the block like the stock wires -RRB- . They did work well , but four of the wire boots melted from the heat -LRB- not the short wires -RRB- . They were not touching the exhaust manifolds but the plugs are somewhat close . After a few miles the boots broke down and the spark started jumping through . The boots just are n't made to handle any sort of heat which is odd given the product . I just bought some heat shield boots to go over the plugs so hopefully that will help , but you would be better off skipping these wires and go with a ceramic booted wire if you have any concerns about heat.On a good note the delivery was quick .
 WeatherTech says they have a 10-year warranty , until you try and use it - realize the warranty applies ONLY if you purchased directly from WeatherTech ... purchased from Amazon , there is NO manufacturer warranty.I had a fitment issue and they gave me the runaround before refusing to warranty it . There is nowhere in the text I can find where the warranty is only good for direct purchases.The front drivers side mat did n't fit right as many have mentioned , and only got worse ... good luck trying to fix it . Next time I 'll buy Made in China , where at least I know they 'll stand up to the warranty .
 I bought these mats for our Kia mini-van . I tried to cancel the order an hour after it was placed -LRB- I read several negative reviews about the company -RRB- and was told that it was . It was not . Mats came - in seperate boxes no less . Long story short - it was a hassle -LRB- numberous phone calls of `` I do n't know who you spoke with ... but ... '' game -RRB- to get the company to pay for return shipping and a BIGGER hassle to get my money refunded to my credit card . As it turns out , the dealership sells mats that fit exactly -LRB- unlike these mats -RRB- and are comparible in price . I spent hours on the phone to learn this lesson the hard way .
 This articles Y bought because on the Hummer area they describe that fit for H3 2009 , I received already but not fit at all , the cheat me I loose my money
 I ordered these based on entering my year , make and model of vehicle . When I received them , they DID N'T FIT.Ok , no problem , let 's just return them to Amazon , no problem.Except ... they decided to charge me for shipping for returning them due to `` Customer Return '' . They do n't cover the floor -LRB- seemed way too small -- would 've done better with a cheap bigbox brand of floormat -RRB- . The amount that is there does n't fit as precisely as the marketing would lead one to believe -LRB- e.g. laser measured and size for a perfect fit -- or some such verbiage -RRB- . Do n't understand Amazon 's policy on returns . I returned the items -LRB- in NEW condition -RRB- because they do n't fit -LRB- after using Amazon 's tool to order them . And they decide to charge me the ~ $ 8 for return shipping.Very unsatisfying on several levels .
 The claim is that these are precision designed & manufactured to fit your vehicle perfectly . If you get a set that proves to be that way , you 're probably lucky . I was n't , mine was far from a close fit . I noticed that on the box they came in was a long list of truck models and years that were supposed to be `` compatible '' with the set I received , so clearly they are not fit model-by-model . I had the most problems with the driver 's side mat . It did not lie flat , it had a bulge that was out of alignment and it did not lie in place because unlike the photographs , there was a hole for only one locking tab , not two . Finally , these do not look or feel like they are `` extreme duty , '' at least not for what I would guess to be no more than a few years.I 'm returning them . For a lot less I can get much more substantial rubber mats that while are n't `` designed '' to be a perfect fit , will work just about as well as these and , I 'm pretty sure , for a much longer time .
 These liners were such a bad fit for my 2010 Tundra that I had to return them . The drivers side was the worse of the two.I would say it would be unsafe to drive with them .
 One of the things `` Custom '' meant was an exact fit for a particular seat -LRB- in this case . -RRB- These covers , while nicely finished , clearly are a generic type for different bucket seats . As such , they work OK . What does n't work is the closure - hook & loop - at the top of the seat . Not nearly enough overlap of the Velcro fastenings - you will need to add separate pieces to both the seat top and the cover itself , for them to close properly . I expected a little better from Saddleman.I chose not to install the headrest covers as the opening through the headrest is lost .
 Item was sent and it took more than 2 weeks to receive , they claim it was custom made . The seat covers were n't even close to what I had . Even the head rest was the wrong shape . I wanted to return the item and then I got attitude from the seller . This was a gift for Christmas , they drug their feet getting back to me -LRB- AUTO BARN -RRB- on wanting it returned . For 150 bucks and wrong fit I think I should be able to return it . FINALLY they said I could , then make me do all this other ectra stuff , pay for shipping to return and then drag their feet on getting me my money back . FINALLY I get an email stating I can have my refund but they shorted me $ 10 dollars . That might not seem like alot but I paid for shipping BOTH ways and then they short me !
 I 'm not convinced that it was entirely painless to install . I would have been better off to have simply tapped into my battery : -LRB-
 The Product is i good and has a nice shine but you have to apply a considerable amount ... and lasts a good week ! but it does stick to the tire very well . I dont know if it splashed black sprinkles in my car because i was forced to use a considerable amount or if the product just do not stick well to the tire . either way I probably will not use it again !
 I ordered these springs hoping they would fit my 2006 Jeep TJ . After a very labor intensive installation , I concluded there was no way of getting around it . They were way too long .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 . Lock cylinder NOT COMPLETE - NO INFORMATION ! So Ordered NEW lock cylinder -- '' BUT '' IT COMES WITH `` NO '' KEY 'S ! HOW DO YOU REKEY IT ? So one key will fit doors and ignition ????? Unhappy Chebby owner ! Parts order came VERY fast and as described , but now need info to make it work ! I HAVE HAD TROUBLE '' PASSLOCK '' SECURITY SYSTEM 1998 K3500 and thought I 'd try and throw some parts at it like the dealers or stealers would .
 Purchased a set for a 1995 Montero . Monroe indicates that these are a correct replacement for the Montero , unfortunately they were wrong . The dampening control is rather poor , felt like my truck was riding in on a pogo stick .
 i had purchased one of these compressors and a rec . / drier and flushed the a/c system i also spent a $ 100 having the a/c evacuated and recharged and ended up having a bad a/c compressor , it sounds like it could be the clutch or shaft bearing on the compressor . i did ` nt get it returned within thirty days so i 'm out $ 397.00 the next compressor i purchased was $ 297.00 same compressor -LRB- both comressors were a/c delco from amazon -RRB- sure enough same thing a bad bearing and clutch assembly . i 'm thinking that amazon had purcased a defective lot of a/c delco compressors or i have the worse luck . so i we n't through the trouble and bought a new belt and bypassed the compressor to make sure that the squealing was n't from another source . another $ 20.00 wasted -LRB- belt -RRB- it was the compressor . i made sure to get this compressor back within 30 days . i should have known when the local autoparts store wanted $ 600.00 for a rebuild , and amazon had a brand new a/c delco for $ 297.00 it goes back to the saying `` IF IT SOUNDS TO GOOD TO BE TRUE IT IS ' i did n't want to try my luck a third time , also i 'm not saying that all of amazons compressors are defective , just the first two that i purchased i figured it cost the $ 397.00 for the first comp.and another $ 250 for misc . parts , not including all of my labor and time . so use caution when ordering a/c parts on the internet , i 'm sticking to my local autoparts store for now on.lesson learnedgearhead
 This product fits on the gearbox fine , but one important note - Some older gearboxes use a 13/16 shaft , and this is a 3/4 coupler for the newer gear boxes . It will not fit the 13/16 shafts.Also , it is not an exact clone of the GM part . This part was essentially copied upside down , with the flat `` key '' on the wrong side of the casting . It will work fine , but your steering wheel will be upside-down unless you also take apart your column and flip the ball joint 180 degrees . If you do n't have tilt steering , you 'll have to modify this part or just live with the upside down wheel.Also , the bolts it comes with are short , so it 's difficult to bolt to the lower steering shaft . They should be about 1/4 '' longer , or you can easily replace them with new ones from the hardware store.If you can find another manufacturer or the original GM part , it may be worth it - I 'm still looking .
 The cable is extremely short . Had to relocate my alternator to fit . For this amount of money , I expected a little bit more cable !
 The vent visors did not fit on my 2001 Jeep Cherokee Larado , when I was told that they would . When I tried to return the product I got the run around . They kept telling me they would call me back after they checked into things . Needless to say NO ONE ever called back , after I called atleast 10 times .
 I would recommend staying away from this filter . The OEM filter is about $ 6 and is a little denser , preventing dirt from damaging your motor . I used this for one ride and could see that dirt was getting to the inside layer . My OEM would not allow dirt to enter as far .
 Used the last of my Turtle Wax car wash soap and replaced it with this . At the time I purchased this Gunk wash the price was $ 8.99 with shipping . Now is $ 15 + . Bottom line I need to use about 3X the amount of this car wash as the older turtle was and I still do not get good oil/debris cleaning . Probably has to do with required reformulation -LRB- due to environmental issues -RRB- between 2006 and 2010 but in the end I might just as well use cheaper detergent .
 This item is no good . Does not work , poor quality . Had two sent to me and neither would show the proper pressure . If I went by this gauge , my sports balls would explode . A waste of money . Extremely dissatisfied .
 I got this product to help with my daughter 's science project . She wanted to know what the effect of PSI had on how high the ball bounced . The problem was that it kinda worked when we first tested it . By kinda , I mean that the needle moved , but I did n't trust the reading because the pressure should have been higher , we had just filled the ball with an air compressor . Then when started to use the guage , the needle broke and pushed in to the device . Completely busted ! ARG!My suggestion , which is what we did afterwards , get a cheaper reader that looks like the car tire pressure readers . The one I got had the ability to use the inflater needles as replacements .
 I bought this item thinking it would be a full size seat cover like it shows in the picture . The picture is a full size bike it looks like a 125 or 250 Suzuki RM . The item description says Facotry Effex All-Grip Seat Cover . What they sent ... KLX 110 seat cover . Thats a kids bike !!!! Thanks for ripping me off . I threw out the box and did not open it until I was read to assemble it waiting of seat foam to come in . So when I opened it up days later you can imagine how mad I was . So no invoice or box left I am now stuck with it and better be sure I will was waiting for the review to come out to write this .
 I got a totally generic product of low quality finish . Did not exactly fit the car and I had to use some of the old hardware even though was described as having everything included in the box . Packaging was NON . The 2 original boxes taped together with transparent tape and shipped . The ride is very bad on this shock but like I mentioned it is possibility to be a copy of the original .
 This is a very small DC > AC inverter than converts 12V DC from your car to 120V AC . The removable power cord is a good idea and it has a handy 5V USB plug on the side for charging small USB devices.It 's smaller than a deck of cards but they 've overrated it 's power capacity by quite a bit . It does n't have enough cooling capacity to prevent overheating of it 's internal parts with even a small load , so it gets hot and shuts off.I measured it 's output with a quality Fluke TrueRMS voltmeter and the output looks ok at 117V AC which is close to a standard 120V household outlet . This is adequate to run most low power AC devices with no issues.The 120 Watt load rating is overstated because it heats up to 100 ` F even before you plug in anything . Then it gets really hot if you connect anything that draws some power such as a laptop computer . I tried a Dell D830 laptop which requires 25 watts to run . The AC Inverter overheated and shutdown within 2 minutes while running a laptop.I have a variety of test equipment and found that the inverter can handle 15 watts all day but 20 watts is the thermal limit . 25 watts overloads it and it overheated to 190 ` F and shutdown in 2 minutes . It smelled like hot plastic burning . It 's possible another inverter of the same model may perform better but that is not likely.This design has marginal internal cooling capacity so it appears limited to about 20 watts max . The tiny 3/4 '' built-in fan is quiet at first and it gets louder as the inverter heats up . The fan has a high pitched whine and is really too small . The fan noise may be ok in a moving automobile as it would be drowned out by road noise.If they changed the design to include a real aluminum heatsink with some mass to it that would increase the power handling a lot . A bigger 2 '' fan would have worked also.There is no `` off '' button.It has a power LED to indicate that it 's on.The overtemp shutdown feature works.The fan is thermally regulated , and ends up running all the time.The low battery feature works and it will shut off if the input voltage gets below 10.3 V DC.It automatically turns back on when the voltage comes back up to 12V . Tiny high speeed fans typically do n't have a long lifespan.Technical data : I measured a 400mA current draw with the unit idling with nothing plugged in . A 25 watt load draws 2 amps on the 12V line which sounds about right . Be aware that if you try to run something that actually draws 120 watts -LRB- using an inverter that could handle it -RRB- a load that big may blow the fuse in your vehicle 12V outlet since they typically has a 10-15 amps fuse . 10 amps X 12V = 120 watts , for example.Conclusion : This is a really tiny voltage inverter . If you plan to only run small equipment like a AA battery charger , camera , or MP3 player that needs 5 to 10 watts then it should work ok for you.I am going to return mine in favor of a physically larger inverter with some mass to keep it cool and one that can really handle 50 watts or more . A quality unit rated for 50 watts would be much better than a tiny , plastic , overrated 120 Watt one .
 We tried to use this Wagan Tech Smart AC 120 USB unit to power an IBM Thinkpad T41 laptop in the car . The T41 AC adapter says it has an input rating of 100-240V 1.5-0 .9 A and an output rating of 16V 4.5 A , so about 72 watts of output to the laptop . Of course , I do n't know how efficient it is , so I tried plugging the adapter into a Kill-A-Watt power meter . The laptop -LRB- with a partially charged battery -RRB- uses about 21-25 watts of power while watching a disk-based video file -LRB- not a DVD -RRB- . Our experience in the car with the T41 AC adapter plugged in to the Smart AC 120
 Product failed the first day . Cheaply made . Uses a fan for a heat sink which makes a lot of noise . Not great for the car when listening to music . Did not filter out electric line noise . Still had some noise over my iPhone . Do n't buy ! Plus side , adapter cord is long and the USB port for charging a mobile device is nice .
 As soon as I plugged this inverter in it started smoking and sparks where shooting out it while I was holding it . Very dangerous . I returned it for a full refund ... Wagan Smart AC 120 Watt USB Power Inverter
 This product is falsely advertised as a unit you can plug into the armrest on an airplane . I recently flew on American Airlines and found no such plug available for this device ! Do not waste your money on this product !
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 An internet cross reference said this filter would fit my 2011 Mercruiser 3.0 . It does not ! I was standing there with oil splooge all over my hands and find out that the innards of this filter make it too small to screw on the spindle . I ran to the parts store and fortunately was able to find a suitable replacement in the correct size . Wasted time and money because of wrong cross reference . If you have a 2011 Mercruiser 3.0 boat , the filter is the same as a 2007 Chevy 3500 8.1 L V8 . Filter became trash because of oil splooge all over it and all over the place ... Nightmare !
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 The weave is so loose in order to use it it had to be folded several times or wadded in a ball . It snag too easily to be used on anything that is rough . . A mechanic with rough hands would get tangled up in it - this is not an exaggeration . The one I received had a 2 inch run down half of the length . I threw it away without using it . I did not need another rag .
 The product code in the box is right but inside you will get a different Shock Absorber of the picture shown on the website.Seems to be front shock but its size was like the rear one .
 The items that I received is not the same as pictured . I now have two sets of front shocks . HELP !
 this day i received the kit and reviewing I found broken the connecting link . I am disappointed with the product.I need buy the connecting link . Please tell me what is the correct reference for the connecting link ? .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 A friend of mine bought this light and loves it . He recommended it to me . So i was in need and thought it would come in handy to have so i purchased the item . When it came time for me to actually use it , it did n't work like it was supposed to . It had some faulty wiring . The white connectivity light worked , the green ground light worked , but the red power light would only work when if you moved or bent the wires and even then it was n't really accurate . After messing with it trying to get it work , i could n't get the power light to come on even when connected to a direct power source . I want to try again but dont want to spend the money only to be disappointed again .
 OVERRATED FOR THE PRICE YOU PAID . A $ 5 VOLT CHECKER WILL DO THE SAME JOB FOR A LOT LESS.THE ONLY LED THAT WORKS IS THE WHITE ONE THAT INDICATES 12 DC VOLTS .
 Vehicles are complex electronic systems , Industry alert warns us that an excess of 5 volts can burn out a $ 100.00 to 2,000.00 electronic part - Meter the probes output your 2.00 deal can run you thousands of dollars .
 Worked well for 2 days and then it just stopped working properly . Based on that I would have a hard time recommending it for anyone who plans on using it daily .
 The wiring connection on mine is faulty . I had to twist and bend the base of the tester to get it to function properly . I 'm going to buy a better computer-safe test light .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 It looks very cheap when put on your car . I dont feel like I was cheated at all I am just not happy with the quality of the product .
 For the price I paid I would have thought it to be a chrome plated METAL emblem and not a chrome plated PLASTIC emblem in which it is . So for future buyers you can go to your local HD dealer and ask to look at HD Medalions .
 I bought this item as a test sample of chrome plate over plastic . Our lab tested it with X-ray fluorescence . There is not a speck of chrome on it . THe silvery coating contains zinc and titamium , probably in a lacquer medium . There is a surprising amount of bromine present . Disappointing .
 Had this blanket for less than 2 weeks . First off , the cover was NOT removable to wash . Secondly , the blanket is supposed to have a fuse and shut-off after 45 minutes . Well , it was on for less than half hour and began smoldering and caught on fire ! Would not recommend !
 I AM SENDING THIS BACK . . I HAD IT IN MY TRUCK AND ONLY AFTER 15 MIN THE PART YOU PUT INTO THE CIGARETTE OUTLET OR ACCESSORY OUTLET THAT PART GETS SO HOT THAT IT BURNS YOU . I DID N'T EXPECT IT TO DO THAT , AND I REALIZE IT CAN START ON FIRE .
 I purchased this item because I was going away to upstate NY for school . I thought this item would be great to have in the car and my on campus apartment since I know how miserably cold it gets up here in the January and February months . Unfortunately , this blanket was a piece of junk . Does n't work and the company is horrible when it comes to customer service . I wish I had purchased from somewhere else . There is nothing worse than a company that sells defective goods and does nothing to remedy the situation for their customer .
 I have n't received this item . very poor customer service . vendor not receptive to queries regarding item .
 I purchased a bottle of Mothers Glass cleaner simply because I have used other Mothers products -LRB- waxes -RRB- and they seem to work very well . Also , this cleaner is safe for tinted windows because it does not contain ammonia.Unfortunately , I was extremely disappointed with this glass cleaner as it streaked more than Windex and no matter what I tried , I could not remove the streaks at all!I did not notice any difference in the streakiness between non-tinted and tinted glass . Both were pretty bad.I ended up just throwing the bottle out and went back to using microfiber cloths and purified/distilled water .
 The first time I tried this glass cleaner was on a '08 Lexus RX350 windows which are all tinted . After using the glass cleaner the windows looked cloudy and streaked . I let it dry overnight and it still looked terrible . I did n't know what was going on so I tried the cleaner on our Sienna 's windows which are also tinted and they looked worse than before I cleaned it . I was pretty confused now and was certain this was the worst glass cleaner I 've ever tried . But then I tried this on our Accords windows which were not tinted and it worked great . Even though this is advertised to clean tinted windows , it really does a terrible job at it . Using this product to clean tinted windows results in garbage . If your windows are not tinted I still would not buy this crap because `` auto glass cleaner '' should be safe and usable on any kind of glass . Tinted or not . And it 's not as if I tinted my car 's windows myself . They were all professionally done from the factory when I purchased the vehicles brand new so it was not my fault at all . I 'd stay away from this product .
 Yeah that sucks . One of the light bulbs burned after two weeks of moderate use . Besides - they do not come close to H.I.D. . These headlights are just like the ones I had before . They are not extra bright . They are NOT H.I.D.
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I wanted this to work , I sincerely did . I have Mickey Thompson Classic Lock wheels -LRB- the absolute LAST set of aluminum wheels I 'll ever buy -RRB- on my Jeep , bought late 2010 , not knowing the true labor of love aluminum wheels apparently are . They salt the roads where I live , so almost immediately this Winter , the wheels began to `` tarnish '' and being relatively OCD about everything I drive , I started to look for solutions . Over-the-Autozone-counter remedies did n't do it - Eagle 1 Aluminum Wheel Cleaner did ok , but the `` white rust '' remained . Mothers polish has the reputation , but after some serious elbow grease , it still only brightened but the tarnish remained.So I turned to the `` professional '' products . This is about the only thing Amazon carries in the industrial-strength , but to be honest , it does n't really work . It brightens somewhat , but that can be achieved with brands that are easier to get and far less caustic . Im not kidding , Im surprised they are able to ship this stuff for $ 8 , it 's got warnings all over it and it 's definitely not stuff you use barehanded . It does n't work , I 've got almost a whole bottle left , and I 'm pretty sure it 'll require a Hazmat team to safely dispose of it.I followed the directions to the letter , but you should look elsewhere if you want the bright , like-new finish on your aluminum wheels . Until I find the solution -LRB- and I 'm open to suggestions -RRB- , all I can do is dream about what the rims looked like , new , just a few months back . And that sucks .
 This item from dorman 42549 will fit BUT !! the hose that comes with it does n't have the rubber gromet that is molded to the hose in manufacturing to prevent water entering into the rear glass and into your truck . . the GM hose is premolded with the gromet sealed to the hose if you use this one from dorman u will have to some how try and seal it from leaking . . GOOD LUCK WITH THAT.or find away to use the old hose where this picture came from i could n't tell you.Either can Dorman when i spoke with dorman tech support they said the picture is wrong and NO gromet is on the hose , BUT they will look into it . . since it really is n't an exact fit at this point . . Dorman usually is right on with exact fit items to bad this is Not . .
 This ATD creeper seat model functions well and looks good . There is nothing hydraulic in it . It is all pneumatic and the same way probably felt the customer that returned it back to the warehouse . So I got the product that was not originally packed . Price was too high for that kind of product condition but I did not want to take extra steps returning it.Review Addition
 The product is not hydraulic . It is an air cylinder . Also the covering on the seat is made from some thin brittle plastic that was ripped and cracked right out of the package . It does however function well and is sturdy . With a metal tray . I 'm checking on trying to get a partial refund or something to cover the cost of recovering the seat . Or I might just hassel sending it back . It would have been a great seat if not for the seat covering . Look elsewhere unless you are already stuck with it like me . .
 this chair had a california sticker under it that said it is made from materials that can cause birth defects and other reproductive problems.i bought 2 . both immediately went in the trash . id have shipped them back but they are too big for me to bother and its the holidays . money down the drain.why on earth does a chair need to be poisonous?my advice . never buy from this brand.get a better chair not made with cheap poison materials.i wonder if i didnt live in california if i would have gotten a sticker . = |
 Purchased this back in April 2011 . Came with a ripped seat and a dent in the storing plate.Thought to myself `` its a tool right , it still works '' . Within six months the ball bearings began to come out of the casters.To cut to the chase I am now ordering new caster wheels and a stool cover , total cost about 35 bucks.I paid 46 dollars for this and now they are selling this POS for 61 dollars.Hope your experience is better than mine .
 Unfortunately the open space within the frame is n't large enough to reveal the letters/numbers on my license plate . It even covers the registration stamp in the upper right . The clearance is only 4 '' from top to bottom so I ca n't use it with my California license plate . Measure before ordering .
 Fan/cooler is a stout , high quality unit . Unfortunately , it is a lot bigger than the dimensions listed on Amazon or B&M ; 's site . They indicate 10 '' wide X 7-1/2 '' high , it actually measures 10 '' X 9-1/4 '' . The cooler itself measures 7 '' high , without the inlet/outlet , mounting brackets or temperature sensor . The temp sensor 's plug and wire adds another 1/4 '' -1 / 2 '' , depending on how tightly you want to bend the wire . That makes it 2 '' + higher than advertised.Too bad it is so much taller , it will not fit my application . Looking into this a little deeper , I can build a fan and cooler , that will actually fit , using off the shelf parts , for less money .
 Not Really Happy On This Purchase . I Shop Here From Time To Time And Was Very Happy With Your Service . This Time Around I Purchased The Item Above And Received The Same Team Plate But It Was Way Different Than The Picture I Thought I Was Getting . I Tried Numerous Times Trying To Get A Hold Of Someone @ Amazon , But Came Up Short . I Called The # That The Invoice Had . They Stated '' That Amazon Messed Up And We Didnt Ship That To You And That They Have Been Doing That From Time To Time '' So Now What Am I To Do ? I Know Its Not A Big Price Purchase But Still . '' I Kinda Wan na Get What I Payed For '' Ya-Know '' I Still Have It In Its Original Shipped Package Put Aside . It Was A Gift . So If You Whoever Get 's A Chance To Read This , Please Let Me Know What To Do ??? Im Still Gon na Shop Here , But Crossing My Fingers It Dont Happend Again Because I Really Like What You Guys Have To Offer . Thanks For Your Time - Alfonso Garcia
 DO NOT USE THE GREASE CONNECTOR THAT COMES WITH THE PRODUCT ... I broke two grease fittings trying to remove the grease gun from the grease fitting . Now I am looking forward to the glorious job of having to screw out the snapped grease fitting on my tractor . Most connectors ' tension is adjustable but not this one . It goes on firm and would n't release until I put the broken grease connector in a vice and pulled it out of the gun 's connector with a claw hammer .
 this thing works about every 5th time -LRB- which is how i know that i 'm not just using things incorrectly -RRB- . the other 4 times it seems to just not push the stem down no matter how hard i press it on the valve , or how i play around with the locknut . so it just reads 0 or some very low -LRB- e.g. , 2psi -RRB- pressure .
 I have had a similar experience to the reviewer who says it works one 1 out of 5 times . Except that I 've tried it about 10 times on two different brands of Presta tubes and have never gotten a reading -LRB- although sometimes I do get the 2.0 PSI rating -RRB- . I suspect that it is not compatible with all brands of Presta tubes , although it certainly should be ! I gave it 2 stars instead of one because Slime 's customer service department was VERY helpful . They offered to exchange/refund the gauge if Amazon would n't . I got a replacement from Amazon with the exact same issue ... I am contacting an online bicycle parts store and they said it is a new item and are offering to take one off the shelf , try it out and tell me what they find . If anything useful surfaces I will report it here .
 Quite simply , this product does not work . it will not accurately test tire pressure on a presta valve . I even carried it to my dealer to see if A -RRB- his tech guy could get it to work , and B -RRB- warn him to never purchase one . I am as disappointed with this product as I have ever been with a product . Especially since I paid extra shipping to get it sooner . Never , ever purchase this product . Unless you are a glutton for frustration .
 I purchased one of these and agree with the other buyers of the product . The presta gauge does not work with 90 % of all the presta valves the gauge has been used with in my inventory of bikes . Purchase a better product . This one is junk .
 This thing is useless . It does n't work , I have tried it on my bike and car but nothing happens . Do n't waste your money !!!
 Bought this because Volvo Car manual says to get Digital Tire Meter . well had it for 3 months in my glove box . Them TPMS indicator comes on yesterday on my dash saying I have low tire pressure . I take out gauge & walk around car reading the pressures . 29.0,29.5,29.5 and one was 30.0 . Then I get air gun out & inflate first tire to 35psi . Go to check with digital gauge & it fails . . it wo n't read it . I press red button & it zeros out but Gauge REFUSES to work again no matter what setting . . psi , bar or KPA I put it at . Gauge reads zero . WTF ? Why did I pay 12.00 for this ? R U kidding me . . Updated : :07 / 12/2010 Contacted Slime they are sending REPLACEMENT GAUGE and sending Pre-Paid MAILER to get old one BACK they do Monitor their Emails & give Customer Service on their Products on their website . Reply at their Feedback/Suggestion box.Updated 7/19/2010 They DID NOT send a PREPAID MAILER they RENEGED on sending that mailer , they only sent another poor excuse for a digital tire pressure gauge . . this one you ca n't read at night & is even worse at getting a good seal with the tire valve . This gauge has no O ring & looks like an accutire gauge model # 200019 -LRB- another Chinese POS copy !! -RRB- . Guess it is just easier to send more Chinese made junk then to Make & send a quality Product.DON ' T WASTE your MONEY BUYING on THIS ONE or any of the SLIME digital air gauge Products . .
 I follow the instructions , there are n't many , but it is n't reading anything . It is almost as if there is a piece missing . Most pressure gauges read by letting a little air out of the tire and that 's not happening . Thank goodness it did n't cost an arm and a leg , because it is going in the donation bag and I 'm getting a different one .
 I 'm also very disappointed in this gauge . I 've found that the only way to get any type of reading -LRB- other than the 2psi -RRB- is to make sure that the head of the gauge pushes down the lock nut at the top of the valve when I push it down . Of course , this results in additional air escaping the tire.Don ' t purchase this item ...
 Worked pretty good at first . I was sorry to see it go so soon . It was only good for a few trips to the station to check tire pressure . The cheap green plastic around the tip broke and no longer formed a proper seal to measure pressure .
 Like I said , inconsistent at best , which makes it worthless as a measurement tool . Sometimes it would be way off , sometimes I could n't get a reading at all . It was accurate at times , as compared with my pen-style car tire gauge , but if I always have to get a second opinion on its readings , there 's no point in using it .
 Hi , My name is Jon and I 'm addicted to bikes . There , now that I admitted my problem I can heal . I have 5 bikes that use Presta valves -LRB- do n't judge me -RRB- . This pressure gauge works on some of the valves and on others it just lets the air out without giving me a pressure reading.Now I 'm not a lazy dude ... I 've done some investigating . I 've compared the valve stems on the valves that work to the valves that do n't work and just ca n't find any differences . I 've examined the gauge under bright lights and magnification and ca n't figure out why some valves work great and others not at all . Uninterestingly enough , I have a Slime Schrader valve pressure gauge for my cars . When I put my Presta to Schrader valve adaptor on the Presta valves my Schrader gauge works great . Whatever ... If you buy it , it may work for you or it may not . Maybe you 'll be able to figure out why .
 This product is a complete fraud . Since installing it a month ago it has failed to stop any of the last six flats , ranging from burr needles to Bougainvilea thorns . It serves only to indicate through a green stain where the leak is , and then to interfere completely with the repair adhesive , detaching the patch when inflated . Since it can not be removed once it is foolishly applied into a tube , I will now have to replace both tubes as well .
 Here 's the deal . I have no idea if this stuff works or not . I have an electric bicycle and I bought this ... stuff for emergencies . When I first tried to use it the crappy plastic valve stem remover broke . I complained to the company and to their credit they sent me a proper valve stem remover . It wo n't fit between my valve and my hub motor . I bought another , shorter one at an auto supply store and it 's to wide for my spokes . So , if you have an electric bike and you get a flat on the powered hub wheel it 's useless .
 Product is great at first until the colors start to fade away . Then its just a black and whit plate .
 It would be a perfect gift if it did n't look cheesy . It 's a bit bulky and , as the description says , plastic .
 The Livermore , CA 94551 Postal Service stole my package and I never received my license plates . They said they 've had to wait for my complaint , and never got back to me . I 've talked to him on 3 occassions , and they said the courier on that day delivered it to my home , when infact HE did not . They stole my license plates . I never got them .
 From the headline `` Jack Rabbit Full Metal Hard Truck Bed Cover Ford Explorer Sport Trac 2001 to 2006 -LRB- 4 ' bed -RRB- '' what do you think you 're buying ? Wrong . An email from the company posting this listing says you are only buying the rails ! Can you believe it ? If this is n't misrepresentation I do n't know what is .
 This item appeared to be defective after installation , remaining 3 new struts seem to be ok , so far . This strut had a terrible clunk sound immediatelywhen doing test drive after installation . I removed this new strut and replaced it with my existing worn strut , clunk sound , gone . Not satisfied with product backup from Monroe , Amazon , and especially Just Suspension . This has been a nightmare trying to get anyone to help bring this to a satisfactoryconclusion . I should of paid the extra money at a local auto parts supply house and been more satisfied . At least you would n't have to pay the excessive charge to send back to the supplier . Bad experience , will never order auto parts online in the future !!!!!
 I purchased and replaced this brand of strut all around on my 2001 toyota avalon in December of 2011 and after about a month , started hearing this crunching noise on my front left strut when going over speed humps slowly . I have been dealing with it for awhile now and finally got it looked at . Turns out the strut was bad from the beginning and I need a new one . I figured by going with a top line brand name I would be in good shape but not with Monroe . So frustrated cause now i ca n't even return it without paying more to return than the part is worth . Bad deal Amazon , Bad deal ! I thought I could trust you on this one ... I should have gone through Ebay Motors ... at least there the store owners for the parts suppliers would take care of me better .
 I bought this one to replace the old strut on my Toyota Camry LE 4cyc . I checked both Monroe and Amazon website to make sure it fits -LRB- as they say it does -RRB- . Got it and found out it does not fit . Contacted the seller and they are ok to take it back for refund . BUT I HAD TO PAY FOR THE COST OF SHIPMENT AND IT COSTED ME $ 45 . I got one strut from Amazon and it does not fit I also return it and it was free to ship the package back.So disappointed with this purchase .
 One of 3 bolts on top of the frond left strut broke into half when I was tightening it with a very small torque , and made what should be an one-hour work became three . I brought all 4 Monroe Quick Complete Assembly for my Camry 1999 -LRB- frond - rear , left-right -RRB- , the one gave me hard time was the frond left , but I may well put this review for all 4 of them , since 1 out of 12 bolts broken is a very high ratio .
 I ordered these and they do n't fit the car . Now I 'm stuck because the parts are too expensive to ship back . Hopefully I can sell to someone locally . The price you pay for living on an island ...
 I replaced my thermostat in two vehicles after an overheating incident in our Chevy Van . I did n't want the same failed thermostat causing a new over heating problem , so I replaced the thermostat in our van and in our Jeep Cherokee with these `` Failsafe '' thermostats . Within three months , neither vehicle would get to operating temperature . In fact , both failed during the Fall months when the temperature typically never gets to 80 degrees F. Neither vehicle would generate enough heat to operate the heater properly when the temperatures dipped below 30 degrees F.I replaced both thermostats with OEM . Both of the `` failsafe '' thermostats were stuck open as a result of the added `` failsafe '' clip . As far as I can tell , these thermostats will always fail once the vehicle gets to operating temperature . Both vehicles now operate properly with the OEM thermostat . It is great to have heat in the Wintertime .
 I bought this for my 2007 Cadillac Escalade Esv and the back window deflectors were not the proper size ! The front ones fit fine .
 I love these , have had them on all our vehicles since I was first married . Ordered this one to replace my husband 's after he traded his vehicle , and received one for ` sister ' NOT the one I ordered . Waste of money , wo n't be ordering from this company again .
 I have a dashmat from years ago for the same car , now I have a second . The new dashmats are really poor workmanship in comparison . It looks like a reject . Major sewing errors and miscuts , sloppy factory defects . I had to send it back.I already have same exact mat from years ago that always fit correctly , this one is ridiculous , not right at all . I 'll try a different brand , I guess.I also ordered for a different car and that one had less defects so we kept it . Still , We will do some sewing to correct one poor detail .
 I got this battery in a 2008 Mazda 6 -LRB- 2.3 L -RRB- . It lasted for just under 41 months and died . Not even 1/2 of the advertised 100 month warranty . Worse yet , since it was intalled as the OEM battery , I got zip for a warranty !! Go with Die Hard or , better yet , Interstate Batteries .
 The seller refused several times to take back defective new 97 toyota camry rear brake drums -LRB- Beck Arnley 083-2451 -RRB- . These supposedly `` premium '' drums were so badly warped on receipt that they caused a continual loud clicking noise that mystified mechanics and me for months . Out of desperation , the drums were rounded/cut to eliminate the drums as the cause . However , that rounding/cutting completely ended the clicking noise , making the drums the culprit.The cost of rounding/cutting the drums was close to the purchase cost of the drums . I 've paid almost twice the selling price to get the drums to work properly , but so much material had to be removed from the drums that they now have a limited life span . That is , I paid about twice the price to end up with drums with less than half the lifespan remaining.The seller 's -LRB- Parts Boulevard -RRB- first response was to accuse me of warping these drums that were obviously defective upon receipt . Then they said they ca n't take back cut drums . Beck Arnley referred me back to Amazon.com for the warranty . Amazon.com 's Website only referred me back to the seller . No service , no warranty.I 've been cheated and wo n't do business with this seller again . I will think twice about buying through Amazon.com .
 The support connector arrived broken , Please this is very important.Where 's the Quality Control ? The Quality of any products is on the satisfaction of your costumer.Thank you very much .
 I am dissapointed ! I ordered what I thought I would recieve a NEW Patriots License plate and to my surprise it was used ! Scratched and faded ! Not what I thought I was paying for ! If I would have known it was used , I would have ordered a more expensive plate and got my moneys worth !
 This smells like Dry Erase Markers , I ca n't use this to detail my customers ' cars .
 I agree with the above review . This has a very nauseating chemical smell not unlike dry erase markers . I emailed Lane and never received a reply . So much for their `` 100 % Satisfaction Guarantee '' . Not very professional . Poor products + poor service is a good way to run a business .
 I bought this to resolve my SRS light issue . First problem
 This product does n't work like it days , the colors are hard to mix and the result is -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Although this thermostat is a option for the Subaru Outback it is a lot smaller than the OEM thermostat . I installed this Motorad thermostat in my 2001 Subaru Outback and it caused my car temp to rise to the 3/4 mark way to hot and I feared it would make my car overheat . Changed it out with a Stant thermostat and my engine temp was back to normal.Also want to say that Amazon customer service was Great !!! They resolved this problem putting the customer first as they always do . Great job Amazon !!!
 Sourced from Communist China . Changing the fuel pump on these vehicles is very labor-intensive , so there 's no sense in buying a Chinese pump to save seven dollars in parts cost , when the labor to replace a defective pump is so much more than the cost of the pump itself.Amazon had no indication that this came from China when I bought it . Now they do . I sent it back and bought an AC-Delco pump which says `` Made in USA '' on the box . -LRB- Not all the Delco pumps are USA-made , check before ordering . -RRB-
 I write very few reviews -- only when a product is superb , or truly misrepresented . Lane 's Car Products Leather Scent has no leather fragrance whatever . Worse , it inhibits whatever leather odor may be left in your car 's leather interior . If represented as a `` new car '' fragrance , that would n't be so far off . The product does n't have a really bad odor ; it 's just not leather-like at all . Just as well , because the scent is gone by morning in any case . My recent-model Jaguar has fine leather seating with the scent just now beginning to fade . So I was looking for a product to restore the interior 's presence . Lane 's Leather Scent in no way meets that need . I 've no idea why Amazon offers it for sale here . Other products do work ; I used one in restoring an older Mustang and it was near-perfect . Take care . Lane 's product is highly touted on Websites . I fell for it -- do n't repeat my mistake .
 Put in 2 fr wheel bearings 4 months ago and 1 is bad already . Must be made in China now . It 's a lot of work to replace one . You do n't want to do it twice .
 Kinda hard to screw up a fuel cap . . but it happened . The product did not fit despite the site saying it would fit a 98 pontiac trans am .
 Do not buy these struts ... cheap knock offs and make a lot of noise ... worse than what I had on my car . Had to have them replaced within 3 months and could not return them or get a refund from Amazon ... stay away !!! Last time I buy any auto parts from Amazon or Ebay ... go to your local auto parts store ... at least they stand behind their product . It is not worth your time or money to buy from here .
 One of 3 bolts on top of the frond left strut broke into half when I was tightening it with a very small torque , and made what should be an one-hour work became three . I brought all 4 Monroe Quick Complete Assembly for my Camry 1999 -LRB- frond - rear , left-right -RRB- , the one gave me hard time was the frond left , but I may well put this review for all 4 of them , since 1 out of 12 bolts broken is a very high ratio .
 Do not recommend . It is very inexpensive , you get what you pay for Cost was $ 4.00 and S&H $ 5.00 arriving in an envelope . After using the mop it left red dust in place of real dust.Very disappointed .
 I thought i was getting a set of lights not 1 light , there are other sites that do sell sets and for a few dollars less , did a iive chat with an amazon rep named Jamie , did nothing but insult and infuriate me , very disappointing experience with Amazon over all on this purchase
 I ride a 2006 V-rod VRSCA . I 'm 5 ' -11 '' tall with a normal torso to leg length ratio and this shield is too short . The wind hits me right in the forehead . By my estimate , it needs to be 3 '' taller . When trying to decide the size of your shield you must take into account the rake angle that the shield will be mounted at . Memphis Shades stated the size of the shield as 19 '' above the headlight , but that is n't actually true . The rake angle of the shield substantially reduces the height above the headlight . Unless , you are like 5 ' -8 '' tall , get a bigger shield .
 Highly concentrated chemical smell , definitely gets rid of odors but DOES NOT smell like a new car !
 this is a two wire motor for a three wire replacemnet part . . my car `` 96 chrysler Sebring jxi convertible '' Supposed to fit . .
 If you watched the TV show for this product , you would think it is going to be magical . The sofa was cut with a knife in the show and then repaired like new . Well , no advertisement is farther away from reality . Spending about 20 dollars with the shipping and handling included , I got this package . Then I spent half of the morning reading the instructions and repairing my sofa . Well , even at the time of opening the box I know I am doomed to despair . The box , though very large , contained a dozen small boxes of liquid leather with different color . Since my sofa has only one color , practially I have spent 20 dollars buying that small white box of materials , which can only fill up one to two holes only . If you want to repair something cut like the TV show , I guess you need to buy 5 of the packages at least . What a horrible way of doing business ! Why does not the company sell the colored liquid leather separately in large bottles when they know that most of the multicolored liquid leathers in their current package are surely wasted by the customers . I do not know if it is greediness or wrong calculation that is driving this decision . Anyhow , it did fill out one hole in my sofa scartched by my cats , leaving all the other holes laughing at me . The color is not matching exactly , and the finish is far from the TV advertisement . It does not make the repaired area looks like new at all with the instrument provided . Rather , the repaired area looks like some dried glues . What lession do I learn after this purchase ? Better be careful about the TV advertisements in the future . I am not going to buy liquid leather again .
 This product is terrible and a waste of money . I had to use the iron bare on it because it was n't working otherwise and it left a patchy , messy looking spot . It looks worse than the hole did . This is depressing .
 This is the SECOND set of sensa-tracs I bought here . Had to return the first set ... right out of the box one of the shocks had absolutely NO RESISTANCE when you pushed down on it or pulled up on it . Since shocks should always be replaced in pairs , I returned both . Amazon was great , and sent me out a new set right of way.I 'll be dogammed ... the new replacement set for the first defective set arrived and right out of the box , one of the shocks was leaking oil from the seal where shaft meets cylinder and also offered no resistance when I checked it ... the other seemed ok , but , by then confidence in the product was shot . I returned this set as well . Still waiting for a refund.Unbelievable .
 The metal on this cap is thin and soft.The upper , outer too small to create a good seal , seeps on a brand new radiator
 these bulbs put out about 5 % purple light and 95 % piss yellow light thats worse than my stock bulbs . Waste of money .
 I got this as a gift for my boyfriend who is a big giants fan and he was really excited . We put on his car and it looked pretty good next to his silver trimmed accents . Not the best match , but we were ok with it . About a week or two of use and the whole thing turned black ! the worst thing about it is his car is black so you ca n't even see it that well if you did n't mind the black :-LRB- disappointing
 I ride a 2006 V-rod VRSCA . I 'm 5 ' -11 '' tall with a normal torso to leg length ratio and this shield is too short . The wind hits me right in the forehead . By my estimate , it needs to be 3 '' taller . When trying to decide the size of your shield you must take into account the rake angle that the shield will be mounted at . Memphis Shades stated the size of the shield as 19 '' above the headlight , but that is n't actually true . The rake angle of the shield substantially reduces the height above the headlight . Unless , you are like 5 ' -8 '' tall , get a bigger shield .
 This looks like an airtex pump even has &#34; airtex &#34; on the plastic body . but that is all the pump arrived in a plain box -LRB- not the factory box -RRB- with &#34; foam &#34; packing . The pump lasted 3 days and had to buy full price after that -LRB- thats how I know the diffrent package -RRB- there was no &#34; O &#34; ring or plug in the box -LRB- the factory box contaned all the parts -RRB- do not get this pump unknowen where this pump came from . did not contact sell on this one not worth time or hassle . Cheap part and lesson learned
 This particular model and brand of oil cap does not fit -LRB- thread diameter too large -RRB- the 2001 Nissan Xterra 4WD V6 3.3 L version . I purchased it through a local parts store and it did n't fit . I 'll try another brand .
 Let me start off by saying that if I had a turd car I would have kept this Wrap Rack . It works really good and looks nice . The problem I had was it was on my Volvo XC60R with flush rails and it took the paint off one of them . Not Happy . This happened after the first use and scratched my roof . It is not the product but more just the design . . Salt water , sand ,25 lb paddle board sitting on your roof rubbing back and forth on every bump and turn . It was a no brainer to send it back.I ended up buying a THULE complete rack system w Paddle board carrier -LRB- $ 700 bucks -RRB- but my car will not get damaged .
 I bought this rack because my old Da Kine soft rack one I had for 12 years had worn out on one of the rack straps . I mostly wanted to use it to transport 1 or 2 windsurf boards 9 ' 6 and 10 ' 6 . I put the 9 ' 6 board on , it is shaped about like a gun and I quickly realized that the strap tightening mechanism can slip just from me pulling on them ... not good . I ended up tying one set of straps to the other to make sure that if my board did slip It would n't completely loosen up . Also the straps were just barely big enough to fit around my board which is only 58cm wide at the widest . I am scared to put my 10 ' 6 board on and drive on the freeway the 9 ' 6 '' rattled around a lot more than on my old Da Kine , at 50 mph + + . The strap down system needs to be much better and the straps need to be longer . The pads are nice and did not dent my car . This would be fine for 2 short boards but do n't buy for anything longer than 9 feet !! I will probably use the one good rack from my old set if I need to transport both boards at once.Not recommended . I would get a new Da Kine one but I ca n't find it online .
 UNIT CAME IN QUICKLY AND WAS INSTALLED THE NEXT DAY . SO FAR IT HAS PERFORMED AS ADVERTISED . RE-REVIEW -- WHEN COLD WEATHER ARRIVED THE FRONT END SOUNDED LIKE IT WOULD SHAKE APART FOR THE FIRST 5-10 MILES OF DRIVING OR UNTIL THE STRUTS WARMED UP . SOUNDS LIKE DEAD SPOTS IN THE STRUTS . CONTACTED MONROE AND THEY SAID S.O.L. . SO MUCH FOR CUSTOMER SERVICE . I GUESS I 'LL HAVE TO MOVE TO FLA IN THE WINTER
 dont waste your time on this grease gun . takes more time to prime after loading new tube than getting it done with a manual gun .
 So i bought this gun for work on farm machinery and found that it does not preform as well as with the 14 and 18 volt models . puts out less than half the amount of grease than the 18 volt . i greased one hub with the 12 volt in the same time an 18 volt greased 3 on the low setting . 12 volt does not have the high low selection .
 I ride a 2006 V-rod VRSCA . I 'm 5 ' -11 '' tall with a normal torso to leg length ratio and this shield is too short . The wind hits me right in the forehead . By my estimate , it needs to be 3 '' taller . When trying to decide the size of your shield you must take into account the rake angle that the shield will be mounted at . Memphis Shades stated the size of the shield as 19 '' above the headlight , but that is n't actually true . The rake angle of the shield substantially reduces the height above the headlight . Unless , you are like 5 ' -8 '' tall , get a bigger shield .
 Needed a P/S Pulley puller/installer set for my 01 Olds Aurora w/3 .5 . Wanted a kit that would work on various vehicles . Came down to OTC 7830A or Lisle 39000 . Both make great tools . Found this set through Amazon . Great price when comparing to MSRP or what others were selling it for . Ordered and received in about three days . When I opened the shipping box I found a very small OTC box , still factory sealed , with the set inside . No tray as pictured or carrying case . Pieces of the set were individually wrapped in paper . No instructions either , Great ??!! Not that if you know tools you could not figure it out but I ended up using the trial and error method to see what combination worked to get the pulley off of my P/S pump . For that kind of money OTC should include the tray/case and instructions . Not even made in the US unlike Lisle -LRB- which comes with instructions and a case -RRB- . Buy the Lisle -LRB- 38850 or 39000 -RRB- at a 1/3rd of the cost . I beleive Lisle warranties theirs for life where OTC only does for their high end tools -LRB- the 7830 is included in this -RRB- .
 this kit did not come in a case like it says it does in the description . it is a great item you just do not recieve a case with it . i can not find how to contact amazon to get this taken care of
 This is garbage , there 's no way to connect it to a camper wall , cheaply build , save your money . No instructions .
 First , the cut is great because it fits perfect . However , it does not fold up for easy storage , you have to roll it up . This causes the ends to roll inward after a while . My Civic has a long windshield so they included suction cups in the middle of the sunscreen to hold it to the windshield so it will not fall . Well , the suction cups are fixed to the shield with plastic and break when you try to remove the sunscreen . After `` rigging '' them back into place they melt in the sun and deform to the point they no longer work . You have to have the suction cups for it to work . Very bad design .
 The dimensions are great but the shade material is not rigid . With the very large windshield in the 06 Civic , the shade will fall onto the dash even when using the sun visors to hold it in place . The 06 Civic needs a shade that is more rigid . Maybe a different material or some battens to make it hold its shape would solve the problem .
 From the color which was n't correct to the hold down grommets that were not there , they just did n't even fit . Save your money and do n't be disappointed like we were
 2005 Mustang
 I purchased this belt for my 2006 GMC Envoy . When I tried to install it there was no way it would fit over an around all the pulleys and idlers . It seemed to be 2 '' too short - the auto tensioner was fully backed off.The numbers on the packaging sleeve indicated the correct belt and he belt appeared to be a high quality product , but it was too short . There were no numbers on the belt itself that would confirm that it was the correct fit , so I suspect it was packaged incorrectly .
 Please understand I am not mad but you are selling the wrong gauge and I do n't know what to do other than to let you know . If you look at the picture of the gauge sold under the part # 91132 , it has little triangular wings one on each side . These wings as pictured give the gauge better stability when used on a flat belt . The part # is right , the picture is right , the part # on the box was right but the gauge inside was not . The one you sent out does not have wings and it also has a raised line of metal on one edge of the bottom that makes it impossible to measure the stress of a wide flat belt.I would send it back but it would cost me almost half of what it cost to buy it . I would really like to get the one pictured if possible . Any thing you can do , I appreciate it . Please if nothing else , just let me know you got this ... The only reason I gave it a low rating was it was not what I ordered . The one pictured is what I need ...
 I have a 1993 Jeep Grand Cherokee that does n't use an automatic tensioner , and so I need to use a gauge when replacing the accessory belt . Since a proper gauge costs over $ 100 and there 's nowhere near me where I can rent one , I thought the Krikit-II would be ideal . I noted that it got mixed reviews , but it was cheap enough to take a fly on.Unfortunately , I 'm one of the people for whom it simply does n't work . I do n't know if I just happen to have a faulty gauge , but despite following the -LRB- not very good -RRB- instructions to the letter , I always get the exact same reading on every belt I 've tested it on - by the time you hear the click , the indicator arm has deflected all the way . This indicates less than 50kg of tension , which I know is just plain wrong .
 Bought the tension tester for 06 G35 . I was able to depress the tool until head click , but it was just as easy to check the tension manually . By manually I mean use my finger and depress the belt and visually inspect how much slack is in the belt . The tool would max out whenever I heard the click . I did n't get any added confidence from using the tool . My opinion save your money .
 Do n't be surprised if your belt snaps on you while you 're trying to tension it to the spec using this junk . This tester consistently reads values that are like 1/2 what the actual tension is . Perhaps it works on that one exact belt they used to calibrate it , but I could n't care less because it is not the belt my car uses . Too bad there is no 0-star rating , as this is exactly what this product earns . The price under $ 20 for a working tension gauge sounds too good to be true ? Then it probably is .
 The tension range for this is 100-320 lbs and I needed a lower range gauge . The accuracy is another question .
 So , I read the reviews on Amazon.I read reviews on the rest of the internet.I watched the video on Youtube where they showed you how to use it.Armed with all of this knowledge on how to use it , I tried it out.I tried it on 5 different things
 I ordered two sets of these seat covers one to replace the first set . Each set did the same thing . They split up the seams . So I returned both .
 I used the guide to confirm that they would fit my son 's 2002 Chrysler Sebring Limited but when they arrived they would not install . There is no fit or cut out for the seat belt .
 Very poor fit and lack of attaching points on seat portion to tighten it up . Also the head rest cover attaching sting broke during installation . I have bought the `` Saddleman '' brand of covers before and they are far superior to this brand . DO N'T BUY THESE !
 Great price , but very low-quality material that is easily snagged ... you really do get what you pay for !
 I purchased the product to protect the leather seats in my Lincoln Continental . The color is much more brown than tan but the fabric is high quality and design is nice , however the fit is less than to be expected and there are no straps to help secure the covers to the seat portion so they continue to spring off the seat which is frustrating . Perhaps on cloth seats the covers might secure more firmly . I do not recommend for anything but cloth seats as they continue to slide off . The back portion also slides and requires adjusting . I would not purchase this product again .
 It is smaller than OEM filter , falls into the air cleaner box , does not stay there as it should . Not made for the car it says was made for.Uneven foam gasket construction . Cardboard-like cheap paper element . Made in Mexico .
 I purchased this tool months in advance of my project and it did n't survive one repair job . It 's advertised for both positioning the cam and holding it while loosening . My cam gear bolts were factory tightened and still this short handle Lisle tool required a pipe on its end to offset force from my 24 '' breaker bar . The tool began to bend while loosening the first bolt , and broke in half on the second bolt . Lisle Customer Service Rep told me that the tool `` was altered for use '' by putting a pipe on it and they do not make a longer tool ... . no warranty .
 I ordered this thinking it would help changing a volvo DOHC 5cyl , it does n't fit.Too bad they do n't list the engines it will work on .
 Seller needs to list engines it will work on , waste of time and money ! Will not work with a 2.4 dohc , studs are to short and do n't lineup !
 the item was a good idea but due to lack of information on what vehicles it works on its a definite gamble unfortunately the cam lock wont work on B series Honda meaning B16a B16A2 , A3 , A4 or B18C models or B20 's the cam lock slips of when any force is applied potentially ruining cam gears and cams maybe a good candidate for a modification but it is not the same as seen its silver and not Blue and the studs are the perfect size or the out side groves but definitely not for the inside groves so and the spacing is off i took the chance and wasted around thirty five bucks and was a good idea but seller should really let buyers know what motors it can effectively be used on . good idea but i guess i wast one of the lucky ones that this item worked for
 this product never fit my 97 nissan maxima i am very disappointed couldnt ship it back it would cost me to much money to do soi still have not gotten a radiator for my car still trying to sell this one
 Imagine the horror to open the box at the dealer who was doing the repair to find a dirty used fuel pump . I am pretty careful in where to buy on the internet as you hear and see all the scams daily . However beings it was a site through Amazon I figured it would be pretty safe . . I have purchased stuff before through them and have been extremely satisfied . . not this time however . They do n't advertise this as being anything but factory OEM . . Like I said they barely had the smarts to wipe off the grease for this thing ... sadly I hope it was a mistake and they see to it that they fix there issue in shipping . . Until it is satisfied I will take to the information super highway and let everyone know to beware of this company.GMan - Minnesota
 I only rated this with one star because I could n't use zero . In truth , the cap does lock - that 's the only positive aspect . This cap is difficult to use in every way imaginable , from inserting the key to figuring-out whether it is in fact locked or not . I 'm ready to go back to an unlocked cap due to the repeated hassles .
 Contrary to expectation , this model does NOT fit Rogue 2011 S . It is in fact the model suggested by the Manufacturer for this car but it does not fit .
 This may or may not be a good product from a usage standpoint , but Amazon and no one else apparently makes it clear that the product is useless without a velcro backing plate that costs another $ 20 . They even try to sell it as an add on to a polisher without the backing plate !! If you want to use this pad with your polisher and it does not have a velcro backing plate , you will need to buy one .
 This may or may not be a good product from a usage standpoint , but Amazon and no one else apparently makes it clear that the product is useless without a velcro backing plate that costs another $ 20 . If you want to use this pad with your polisher and it does not have a velcro backing plate , you will need to buy one .
 It would probably be OK if it fit the polisher that it was recomeded to buy with . It will not work on B&D polisher .
 hello , noob here , bought a neiko hd 7 inch polisher and a meguiar 's w4000 wool pad . upon assembly , i noticed that the wool will not sit properly on the velcro backing plate , so , i measured the diameter of both the wool pad and the polisher.the result is that the pad is 6 5/8 '' while the backing plate is 7 '' , which explains why it was n't sitting in flushed with the plate . my question is , do i spread the edge of the wool pad to make it fit to the plate ? i 've never done this before so i do n't wan na destroy the pad . the seller , tcp global is giving me the round around on returning it , so if i can make it work , i 'll call it a day . any input shared is greatly appreciated.as for now , i 'm giving it a 1 star review mainly for the seller . as soon as i get to use , i will update and change my review .
 I used this pad for about one hour each day on two different days about 10 days apart . I switched from the Cleaner Wax on Day 1 to the Ultimate Compound on Day 2 , as the Cleaner Wax was not removing much of the oxidization on my RV . It appeared that the glue holding the Velcro cloth to the foam pad had melted .
 I am very disappointed in this product . Even adding my own 12v power supply , which the description fails to indicate is needed , this thing does n't work unless you 're sitting right in front of it . Across the room is spotty and slow at best , but mostly just does n't work at all . I got no direct response from the company . The `` IR-X HOME version '' was suggested by Amazon when I complained , but I 'm not going to chance it . With a 20 % restocking fee and no refund on shipping , plus having to pay return shipping myself , there 's little left if I were to send this turkey back . Maybe it will work for some other project . If you want to have your components inside a cabinet and work from across the room , this is NOT the product for you . I 'm not sure what it IS for . A car with a stereo in the trunk , maybe ? -LSB- The -LRB- automotive -RRB- modifier only showed up after I previewed this review ! -RSB- . Amazon needs to do a better job of seeing that outside vendor 's products have adequate descriptions .
 This may or may not be a good product from a usage standpoint , but Amazon and no one else apparently makes it clear that the product is useless without a velcro backing plate that costs another $ 20 . If you want to use this pad with your polisher and it does not have a velcro backing plate , you will need to buy one .
 the polishing pad fell apart after 10 minutes of use.The Velcro part got detached.Also it kept flying off Meguiare 's polisher.fast way to loose $ 15 .
 after 2 uses , the felt backing fell off making it useless on the Velcro backing plate . Re-gluing is n't my favorite pastime with new products .
 I bought two of these lights for my garden tractor.I modified the light buckets to accept the h3 bulb.I installed them and was very careful i did not touch the glass on the bulbs.The one light clouded over upon turning them on.Less a day and it gave out and stopped working.Maybe i got a bad bulb from the manufacture.Instead of sending it in and waiting i just tossed them in the junk and went with a 55 watt from Advance Auto .
 althought after the initial treatment the paint did feel really slick , that wears off after the first washing . there is still some beading 6 months later but not much else . and there is no cleaning or polishing attributes to this sealant . for my money , i feel any wax thats half the price or less gives just as much or better protection . try the mirror glaze cleaner wax , mothers cleaner wax , nu finish polish , or zymol cleaner wax instead . klasse all-in-one works great but it is kind of expensive , a little goes a long way , and kinda tricky to apply
 I tried this product -LRB- Meguiar 's paint sealant -RRB- and it left streaks in my paint that I ca n't get out . I have used other brands of polymer paint sealant and they have been FAR superior to wax , and have never had an issue . I do n't know what went wrong - I have contacted the manufacturer but have n't heard back yet . More to come ...
 Amazon lists this item for sale with buffers on the site without telling you either in this listing or in the listings for the buffers that this requires a backing plate you have to purchase separately.The backing plate costs more than the pads , so be prepared to shell out another $ 15 - $ 20 to use it , which is a bunch relative to a $ 60 buffer and a $ 10 pad.The pads probably work well , but the extra cost should be listed on the Amazon site to warn people before they buy it thinking it will work with their buffer as is .
 Well made but very uncomfortable . The padding on the seat is not flat so you constantly lean forward . Padding is hard . . almost like sitting on plastic . Not sure how long I will keep this before trying something different .
 I finally found time to get these shocks replaced and found out they were the wrong application . Too late to return now.These Monroe 34953 and 34803 are not for a 1989 Toyota 4x4 pickup . I think they are for a two wheel drive . Now I 'm stuck with them . The application chart did not show 4 wheel drive .
 I love the product , that is not the problem . The packaging is the problem . You think by looking at the photo of the jar that you are getting the jar full of detailing clay , right ? No . It 's ONE bar , in a large jar . You can get two smaller bars plus the detailing spray , a microfiber cloth and wax for $ 20 at any auto supply place . This is NOT a good value .
 I 'm new to the use of detailing clay but this stuff did not work for me . I had some bug gunk and tree sap on my paint job and this clay did not remove it . I lubed the area with detail spray , flattened out a lump of the clay and rubbed it back and forth over the offending substances , re-lubing as necessary . The clay glided back and forth smoothly , but did not remove the gunk and sap . Finally got the stuff off with a microfiber cloth , detail spray and just a touch of pressure and rubbing .
 THIS IS NOT A GOOD PRODUCT . IT DOES NOT DO AS IT CLAIMS . I WOULD N'T WASTE MY MONEY ON IT ...
 first it was the wrong part , amazon blew me off , used it anyway fell off going down the road ,
 Meguiar 's recommends the spray on Quik Detailers as a lubricant for clay bar cleaning of a car 's finish . I 've used the Ultimate Quik Detailer in the black spray on bottle as as well as Quik Detailer in red spray bottle with good results.I needed some more lubricant for my next clay bar and looked up the Meguiar 's products on Amazon . I found a 1 gal jug of Quicik Detailer , which is # 66 in Meguiar 's Professional Series . The price was right , so I ordered a gal.When I received it , I quickly discovered that the # 66 Professional Quick Detailer product is a one step cleaner wax and not at all similar to the spray on Quik Detailers found in Meguiar 's Ultimate -LRB- black -RRB- , NXT -LRB- purple -RRB- and Classic -LRB- red -RRB- product lines.Why Meguiar 's would market 1 product called `` Quick Detailer '' and 3 other products called `` Quik Detailer '' and the products be completely different is beyond me . I guess this is what I get for not reading the fine print and trying to save a few dollars in buying a gal jug .
 As another buyer stated - THIS IS NOT A QUICK DETAILER - instead it is a cleaner/wax . It should not be called a quick detailer - BUYER BEWARE !
 If you decide to buy a Wix filter , be sure to INSPECT it good before using it . I bought a flawed one and used it for many months before checking to see if it needed replacing . This is when I discovered that the pleats did n't reach the filter seal , allowing dirt to get past the filter.Wix is aware of the problem and has the filter in their possession , however the Company never offered to have my vehicle checked for damage , and did n't offer to replace or reimburse me for their poor quality .
 The filters on the order screen does n't work correctly in helping a novice person to determine if they are ordering the correct part for an automobile . The order form asked the year , model and make of my car , but the filter never changed . Therefore , the wrong filter arrived . Now I have to send back and pay shipping for the new and correct filter . I trust amazon , but I am a little disappointed with this item that I purchased and having to wait for the new one to arrive and pay shipping .
 The product is very cheaply made . The banana terminal is small and fits too loosely in connector on my power supply . This makes for inaccurate readings . Therefore of no value .
 These guys are alright , but the wire is stiff -LRB- at least it 's stranded , tho -RRB- and thin . Also , the banana plugs cheap - the wire has a lot of ` slop ' inside the jack , plus the holes thru the jacks are just there for show , they are too small to allow a banana plug -LRB- even a higher-quality , more flexible plug -RRB- to seat inside.I wo n't say do n't buy these -LRB- they 're certainly usable -RRB- , but be aware that you get what you pay for , and here you 're paying for cheap cables .
 As I recall these test leads were listed as a buy together with test meter . However , they do not plug into the meter I selected , so buying them was a waste of money . You need to call or somehow verify that they will work with your meter of choice .
 I got these test leads to go with a benchtop multimeter I have . The banana jacks do n't seat very well , so any readings I try to make jump around wildly with the intermittent contact . I 've tried plugging them in really hard with no benefit . As a consequence , these leads were pretty much a waste of money for me . They 're too cheap to send back so they just sit around . I might try bending the metal in the middle of the jacks to make them wider . That might help . I do n't recommend these .
 These cables are nice , but they 're not the ones advertised in the picture.The ones i received ca n't have stackable plugs . These are okay , but I was expecting something else . These plugs must sit at the top of a stack of connectors and nothing can be plugged in on top.I 'm leaving the seller 1 star as this is simply unacceptable to me . I 'm not interested in returning my cables for a 6 dollar refund or for the correct cables . That 's a miniscule amount of money . At such a low price , the seller knows nobody wants to deal with returns or replacements so they `` accidentally '' send us all an inferior product . They realize only a small percentage of us will return the product and the rest wo n't bother .
 I was surprised by the poor quality of this product.I have bought many good products from Elenco , but this cable is a much cheaper version than the one shown in the image.The unit sent to me did not have stackable plugs like the one shown.Its a cheap Chinese product.Sorry Elenco you can do better than this . .
 The bannana clips do not fit my brand new power supply and they are too loose . My other hight quallity clips are just fine . these are junk that 's what they are . spend a bit more money and buy a decent set . that is what I did .
 I still have n't recieved this order . Why ca n't I get a call from a person to tell me what is going on with this order ?
 These cables look decent enough . My issue is that the outer insulating material of each lead is fused together almost all the way to the base of the alligator clips -LRB- about 1 inch down -RRB- . when I tried to separate the leads by slowly pulling them apart , the insulation tore to the point of no repair . -LRB- I suppose I could apply some heat shrink or electrical tape to the tear , but for a 4 dollar cable , I 'll just buy a better one from someplace else -RRB- . Very disappointed . Full disclosure
 I ordered these as they said `` large '' alligator clips . These are anything but large . I would really hate to see a small set .
 Shame on you for selling this junk . The clips are not even soldered on and the wire can be easily pulled loose , the protective sleave is so thin it is worthless . The connection to the meter on the black lead is 1/4 &#34; shorter than the red , and wont stay in place in the 3 meters I tried it on.Worst pile I have ever bought , straight to the trash .
 I found this to be a fairly weak product . It is thin and needs to use about 2X other products that I have used . It 's recommended usage is 1oz/gallon which , for me , gives about four 4-gallon buckets for a whole bottle . It seems gentle enough as well , but I 've used better . To me , it is really not much better than a high quality `` bulk '' car wash.I would say P21S Bodywork Conditioning Shampoo is vastly better -LRB- more concentrated and more gentle -RRB- and if ultimate gentleness is not a priority , then the Finish Kare 1016 is better -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- which provides some anti-static properties and polymer wax . Now that 's a high tech wash .
 I bought a bunch of these to use with power supplies in my classroom . On the first day , one of the wires pulled out of the banana connector , and several of them snapped off ! I 've been teaching physics for over 20 years , and I have never had this problem . Also , quickly , the teeth of the alligator ends started not lining up . Just too flimsy all around .
 I often prefer to shop with Amazon when compared to other online alternatives , however for this item , I was quite disappointed that Amazon does not include an adequate description of the item . Specifically it is difficult to confirm exactly what is included with this purchase because the generic description provided for both the front and back seats . Since I wanted to only purchase front seats , it was too difficult to confirm which one to purchase , so I found it elsewhere online . Too bad , Amazon missed out on my business this time . The lack of a phone number to call and confirm product details also does not bode well for Amazon .
 this filter DOES NOT FIT HYUNDAI TIBURON GT ! so do n't bother . you need the one that goes into a fuel pump !
 The lights seem good , but there are even dimmer than the originals car came with.the colors are ok but the intensity is poor.I do n't think there is much diferece between this ones 6000K intensity than the much cheaper version on the market .
 The Xanex `` Generator '' is n't a generator at all ; it 's a small rechargeable battery combined with a lamp and one of those cheesy little battery powered tire pumps that sometimes come in roadside emergency kits . In other words it 's a collection of cheesy tools at a premium price.If you want a real generator , get a Honda , but be prepared to spend three times as much . And if you want a portable battery/charger package for running accessories and emergency car starting , there are better units .
 We had the problem noted below but the mfg. did the right thing and replaced it . Terrific and appreciate integrity.We charged it immediately and put it away for our first power failure that did n't happened until last night -LRB- almost a year after buying it -RRB- . It did n't work . One of the fluorescent tubes lit but it would n't take a very small LCD TV.And we ca n't figure out how to contact Amazon about taking it back or exchanging it.Very disappointing from two aspects
 I followed the charging instructions for the Power Pack 300 C . After 48 hours of AC charging , the light was still amber instead of green . The manual said , if the light was amber , wait 15 mins and press a button on the unit that would reveal the charging level . I did this and the unit said it was fully charged . The Power Pack ran a 40 watt table lamp for 4 hours as promissed!However the next time I charged the system the same thing happened . The light was Amber . After waiting 30 mins I pressed the button on the unit but this time it registered `` RED '' . I moved the unit to another outlet and charged it for another 48 hours . Same Result -LRB- RED -RRB- ! I plugged in the 40 watt table lamp and it lasted only 20 mins.I love the idea Xantrex had for a portable electronic generator , however their execution came up a little short on this one . The unit is going back !
 I purchased 2 of these Xantrex compressors . I planned on keeping one the trunk in case of a tire emergency . What a joke !! The compressor started to make a horrible noise about 2 minutes into the tire inflation and never worked again . Well , I had the `` spare '' compressor , but the same thing happened to it.I contacted the company by email and was given a confirmation number stating that technical support would contact me -- that was last week and I am still waiting for an answer . I am very disappointed with the product and more disappointed in the `` support '' , which was just as useless as the item .
 I ordered -LRB- 2 -RRB- of these 950K6 belts for my 1999 Blazer 4.3 V6 ... one to install now and one for a spare ... neither belt fit , , , TOO SHORT !!! The belt itslef appears of good quality , but it is simply too short ... it 's a bummer because my Blazer was disabled while I waited over one week for Amazon to ship it , and now that the belt has arrived , my Blazer is still disabled . Going to Oreilly Auto Parts for a GATES K060950 belt , like the one that came out of the Blazer .
 Maybe the simplest , least expensive touch to add a finished look to your vehicle . If you prefer subtle , you 'll be pleased.UPDATE 7/12 - I came back for a few more of these and found the price has increased 5x . Hard to be so enthused about these at $ 5 -- Rating dropped .
 From pics and title of Bulk packaging , i thought two where purchase . Not so . but at the price acceptable . Very flimsy . Shipping was a WTF . One frame in a large box , that could have held 50-100 of the $ 1 items . This was a multi-item order , all car stuff . All came in individual shippings , arrived over 3 days . i think 1-3 different carriers .
 This was horrible they did n't stick on to my car and they did n't fit well . I put it on my car and you could still see part of my side molding then I put it on and held it for five minutes like they said went in the house and when I came back out a fewinutes later they had fell of and were on the ground so I tried contacting the seller and did n't return . My calls or my EMail wo n't ever by this crap again . Very cheep !
 I was expecting a fabric type of tape like gaffer 's tape . Instead I received a roll of tape like duck tape . It does not tear easily . Save some money and just buy the duck tape available everywhere else .
 It has never run . The motor just humms.I could have spent much less money but thought I was buying a superior item . My mistake !!!
 Really , these brake shoes are half the depth of a brand new set that I ended up replacing ? I did n't want to buy another set of shoes , but I did , I looked at the depth of these &#34; new &#34; shoes that I ordered and I 'm not impressed with the amount of material you use.Honestly the brake shoes I removed had more padding left on them , the only reason I had to replace them was I had a break cylinder leak all over one of them and destroyed it . So I thought I 'd save some money and order it online ? Wow , not impressed at all , if I could I 'd send them back to you for my measly $ $ $ back .
 That 's my worse purchase ever ! I bought the same part -LRB- left side -RRB- from the same seller and it was good . The quality of this part is terrible . There was no reason to replace it because the old one is in much more better condition than the new one i bought ! I 'm very disappointed . I 'll try to attache photos of this item to avoid other people from buying it !!! It does n't deserve even 1 star because it just a crap an it is useless ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Turtle wax , 40/50 years ago was great . It would compound scratches out and remove stains fromcar paint . I bought it , shipped it over to Vietnam and it would not take gas stains off of my motorcycle.Live and learn.No , I would not recommend this product.jbay
 This item was not received with the original order which included another rubbing compound . The other rubbing compound was received . I am still waiting for the Turtle Wax T-230A .
 I searched for an intake for a 2006 Ford F150 5.4 L gas engine . What was sent to me was one for a 2005 Ford F250 6.0 L diesel engine .
 I installed these bulbs and one blew within a week of use . Not the best quality . I 'd suggest Silverstars instead .
 The hitch is not made to the standard length for the common receiver . I had to cut off 1 inch to get it to fit into the receiver .
 Overall a heavy duty product with Nice Welds . However , I was a bit disturbed how the top tubing was mis-aligned from the bottom tubing . It did not hamper with the functioning of the product , -LSB- ... -RSB-
 good for a very light trailor , afraid to tow 5000 pound avalon with this ... great idea , but looks like it could fail under stress
 I bought a set of these TYC headlights for my 2003 Honda Pilot . The first set came on time but each had a broken attachment tab . I returned them for a replacement set and one of headlights of the replacement set also had a broken tab . This was due to the inadaquate packaging from the manufacturer and not from Amazon . I also bought a set of TYC headlights for my mini cooper they were packaged well , however the left and right lights were not identical and therefore could not be aimed to be in balance , had to return those , and I ordered Hella brand . Save yourself time and effort , avoid TYC brand headlights .
 Replaced these in my wife 's 2007 CRV where the OEM bulbs had lasted 3 years.These bulbs were brighter than the original though not greatly so . However , one year later , the driver 's side bulb died -LRB- and yes , I handled them with clean disposable gloves when replacing them -RRB- . So I was happy with the light , but clearly not happy with only 1/3 of the lifetime .
 I bought these bulbs in November of 2009 figuring that the bulbs in my car were almost 10 years old , were dimming , and we had a long road trip coming up in spring 2010 . A little preventative maintenance , right?The new bulbs were a serious improvement over the old ones , but I expected almost any new bulb to be.The drawback to spending 24 bucks on 2 bulbs is that the right side burned out in 15 months and the left side burned out in 17 months.Guess what bulbs are back in the vehicle ? The original ones!That 's a pretty disappointing scenario for my money . I 'll try another brand when -LRB- or IF -RRB- the OEM bulbs ever fail .
 I was disappointed that these bulbs burnt out in 16 months . They are too hard to replace the bulbs on our Mitsubishi to have to replace them every 16 months .
 Very disappointed ... They are just a little brighter than the OEM ` sI 'll say about 5 % better.I do not recommend anyone getting this , it is a waste of money , look for Sylvania bulbs they are much much better than this !
 I own a 2004 Honda CRV and was hoping to improve the headlight performance . I 've heard about the aftermarket headlamps that claim to provide HID-like performance . I also read the Consumer Reports review that summarizes that these aftermarket bulbs do not perform better than OEM and typically have a shorter lifespan . I decided to try the GE Nighthawk and was disappointed . I replaced one bulb and compared it to the original -LRB- which is four years old -RRB-
 From all the reviews here and a few other sites , I got the impression that these would be far brighter than OEM bulbs , and thus quickly bought them.I had the original Silverstars previously , and although those were n't any brighter than my OEM bulbs , their lighter color light made things appear brighter at night . Those bulbs , though , lasted less than a year.This GE bulb is the same color as OEM , but GE claims 30 % more luminance than OEM . I do n't see it.On the bright -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- side , a year and a half later these are still going strong , but still no brighter than OEM.Disappointed in the performance .
 I would never have purchased these if the GE warranty information for these bulbs had been posted on Amazon.Purchased these to replace a 6 yr old OEM bulb that stopped working on my 2003 Honda CRV last fall -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . Replaced both bulbs with new GE bulbs since it was recommened . One of the two bulbs has already stopped working - it did not even last an entire year . I called GE to find out what the warranty was since I had tossed the packaging ... found out from GE rep that these bulbs are rated for 125 hours of use ... yes that 's correct ... only 125 hours of use -LRB- I did ask the GE rep 3 times if she was sure it really said 125 hours and she said it did ... asked her if this seemed like a short amount of time for a car headlight bulb to last and she said it might be a little short -RRB- ! If your car has headlights that stay on all the time these bulbs would only last a few months . I tend to drive early in the am and after dark so my headlight are on a great deal ... approx 1to 1.5 hours a day -LRB- past years miles travel approx . 7,000 -RRB- . Original OEM Honda bulbs lasted 6 + years ... I am going back and getting Honda bulbs . .
 I bought this product for a Jeep Wrangler and I was informed by the seller that it would work on one . It does not ... not even close . It does work on some small cars but you have to be careful since the product can bend the insulation around the door and create possible leaks .
 There are two things that I do not like about this tank pad :1 -RRB- Although it 's a clear pad , it still has the , &#34; Progrip , &#34; label in big letters across it , which makes it look undesirable when on my tank . I wanted a clear tank pad because I do n't like any sort of graphic or conflicting colors , and the , &#34; Progrip , &#34; brand label really stands out against my bike . I understand that this is probably not a big thing for most people , but as for me I 'll still continue my quest for an all-clear tank pad .2 -RRB- The pad does not stick around the edges . I wiped the area on the tank down with a clean towel , and afterwards an alcohol pad . Even so , the middle of the pad sticks but the edges did n't stick at all . The pad 's still on there and it 's probably not going anywhere but the problem is when it rains , water and dirt get in between the unstuck areas of the pad and scratch the paint . Thus invalidating the purpose of having a tank pad in the first place . So I 'm taking it off and will continue my quest for a tank pad.Final comments
 I should have written a review on this product sooner so the first reviewer would n't have had to suffer the same fate I did . My apologies to you . This is why it 's important for Amazon shoppers to write product reviews to share what they liked or disliked about things they bought . It will save despair for other shoppers and hopefully be saved yourself as well . Now on to the lousy review!The pad sort of does what it claims to do , just not very well . Maybe my expectations were higher than what was delivered , but I was a bit disappointed nevertheless . I have a obsidian black-colored car that has a nasty knack of showing every little defect in the paint , right down to the tiniest of scratches . I swear , this is the last time I 'll purchase a black colored car ever again!What was wrong with this pad?First of all , you need to use an obscene amount of clay so that it is thick enough -LRB- or is it high enough ? -RRB- to make good contact with the car 's surface . The clay flattens out quickly as you use this with the buffing machine . When the clay gets too flat , you are pretty much buffing with only the applicator pad . Therefore you need to check the thickness level of the clay fairly often.Second , the inner cavity has a sticky/tacky surface which is supposed to hold the clay . It does an average job at doing that . We as consumers need more stick !!!! In case you are wondering what kind of clay I 'm using , I use two types : Meguiar 's C-2100 Professional Detailing Clay , AggressiveandMeguiar 's G1001 Smooth Surface Clay Bar . Maybe someone has a better experience using a different brand ? If so , please comment or share your own review stating what you are using . We want to know!Third , the actual usage of this product left tiny swirly scratches as I buffed/clayed the car . Like I said , black paint shows every defect !! Not sure what is the culprit to the scratches . Is it the pad itself that is scratching the paint ? I 'm gushing lots ofMeguiar 's A3332 Quik Detailer Mist & Wipe Sprayon the car 's surface as well as onto the Paintwork Clay Pad Applicator and the detailing clay . Maybe it 's the junk that the detailing clay is picking up and scratching the paint ? Either way , the power of the buffing machine with this Clay Pad Applicator is tearing up the clear coat with scratches galore!If you want to clay your car , do it the old-school way and do it by hand-application . Otherwise you 'll be spending more time compounding the scratches out of your paint after using this product!Sorry to the makers and sellers of this product . We as consumers find this product intriguing . We just need it to work as it should!UPDATE 8/21/2012
 My experience is that as tiresome as it is do clay by hand ; the `` hand '' process was much more efficient and productive than using the `` PAD ''
 very disappointed . though the product site matched this for my vehicle , when tried to put this it does n't fit on . when compared with the old one , found this does n't have an extension leaver for proper fit . end up paying too much for new one as the vehicle already in mechanic hands .
 sent it back after I locked my trucks gas tank and it would not come off . Had to break it apart to do that . Thankfully the return was still acceptable .
 i would have liked to know how long it was gon na take to get it , and when it was late i would have liked a response when i contacted them to find out why i had not received my product yet.it took a very very long time to get this and when i emailed questioning why i had not gotten my product yet -LRB- on time -RRB- they did not get back to me until a couple days later when they knew that i finally received it.after i gave bad feedback for this they called me over and over again like 5 times a day while i was at work -LRB- they even found my parents phone number somehow and called there for me -RRB- saying they wanted to give me a part refund.the money was not important , getting the part that i needed on time was very important though and that definately didnt happenif you order this dont hold your breath until you get it , you will be disappointed
 I purchased this item on my mechanics request . After I received it he said it was not compatible with my car . I then proceeded to return the item on my expence wich was not a problem . Only thing is that I never got my money back I NEVER got credit or anything I fill ripped off it 's sad because I have been a loyal customer to Amazon . Every time I purchase something they charge it right away if a payment does not go thru for any reason they email me constantly . But when it ce time to get my money back for this item I never got an email nor the attemp to reach me was made .
 item was not as described and were incorrect
 Not very good at blocking out sun . If you want it for looks that 's about the only benefit . With a clean window and all it always seemed to come off .
 I bought this caliper , and it rusted just in a month.Whole thing was rusted as if it was not painted at all.It did have some sort of paint . So , I assume they used paint that can not withstand heat of the brake . If you are going to buy this caliper , you better paint whole caliper before installing.Even 6 year old original OEM caliper had very little rust.Bolt head size of the caliper hose is different from original.And clips included also look very cheaply made .
 I bought this thermostat for use in my wife 's 2003 Mitsubishi Lancer with a 2.0 L naturally-aspirated engine . Not completely trusting Amazon 's parts look-up tables , I went directly to the one offered on Stant 's own website . Their own table recommended this thermostat -LRB- 14719 -RRB- . Since only one normally-aspirated engine was offered for this model during this model year , it is impossible that I made the wrong choice from the table . The thermostat arrived in a Stant box with the correct part number , however , the thermostat would not physically fit in the thermostat housing of the '03 Lancer . Since the factory service manual admonishes not to install the thermostat with the jiggle pin in any other position other than straight up , the thermostat could n't be made to fit by simply rotating it within the housing.Initially , I thought that perhaps the the wrong thermostat was sent in the right box , and sent Stant an e-mail suggesting they stamp the part number directly on their thermostats to help the end consumer avoid mix-ups . They wrote back to me saying that would be too confusing , as apparently the same thermostat recieves a different part number depending on the retailer whos name the thermostat will be sold under . For example , NAPA sells Stant thermostats under their own name , and re-badges them with totally different part numbers . Fine . But that doesnt mean that Stant thermostats sold under their own name ca n't be stamped . Their e-mail went on to say that the Autozone thermostat I was forced to use -LRB- I had no other option , it was by now late Saturday afternoon and Autozone was the only parts store who could order one on Saturday to arrive on Sunday , the local Mitsu dealer was closed till Monday and the wife needed the car to go to work on Monday morning -RRB- was not made by Stant and was probably imported . I found this amusing since the Stant box proudly proclaimed the 14719 was made in China!Afer carefully studying the product picture links on Stant 's webpage , I no longer believe that I received the wrong thermostat in the right box . I now believe the Stant look-up table simply recommends the wrong part . Since I can no longer trust Stant to recommend the right parts for my car , I will now buy all future thermostats directly from the dealer and rest easy knowing its the right one . This episode caused me a great amount of inconvienance which I do n't wish to repeat . I paid about $ 17 for this thermostat , the one from the dealer cost only $ 1 more . Since I bought this thermostat well in advance of this project , -LRB- the hoses for this car needed to be changed also -RRB- I will not recieve full credit for its return . It was CRITICAL that the parts recommender suggest the correct part . Thanks alot , Stant !
 The delivered thermostat and housing were/are for the later models , they do not fit on my BMW E39 1997 ... The 1997 model uses a separate housing and thermostat , this one comes with a connector etc. and is probably actuated by a sensor
 sent shade for wrong vehicle ; did not fit . Return only of unopened product , but had to open to determine wrong size
 Do not trust if the site tells you that this will fit your vehicle . I purchased one of these caps for my Mazda , and it came too short even when it told me that it will fit . I think they just set it up like that since returning it would be more expensive and inconvenient than taking the hit on it ... scam .
 i waited for this product to come in only to find out it was the complete wrong one , not even for a Mustang . I reordered again from this company and once again sent the wrong one .
 Not very good at blocking out sun . If you want it for looks that 's about the only benefit . With a clean window and all it always seemed to come off .
 Even though it says it 'll fit a 2010 Std cab . It does n't they will send you one for a 2009 even though the 2010 cabs are not the same size .
 This item provides the Hellwig Load Pro product number 9511 , which is for the model LP-35 sway bars . However , this item states the model as LP-25 . Therefore , either the order number or the model number is incorrect . You have no way of knowing which product -LRB- LP-35 or LP-25 -RRB- you will receive .
 I bought these to use on an older Schwinn bike I was fixing up . The stopping power was n't very impressive , and they seemed to wear down quickly . I ended up getting a nicer set of brakes for the rear wheel , and kept these on the front -LRB- at least for now -RRB- . In the end , they worked , but I would n't trust them in a situation where you truly needed them .
 Not very good at blocking out sun . If you want it for looks that 's about the only benefit . With a clean window and all it always seemed to come off .
 I received the wrong product and i was n't enrolled in super saver shipping when my value did exceed $ 25 grrr
 I bought this helmet expecring to be low peofile after reading people rants n raves about how low it sits on your head so i ordered it , as i needed a dot helmet due to a recent ticket , when it arrived and placed it on it still gave me to dreeeded mushroom head !!! It sits lower now all it took was some time n shaving of the interior foam -LSB- haha -RSB- i would not recommend this to anybody whose looking for a low peofile dot helmet .
 I received this item with the battery almost drained out . So I was wondering if this is normal ?? of course not !! The operation is afected by the low power and it is inaccurate . After I replaced the battery it is still not working appropiately . I do n't recommend it , and I disagree with the comments that put this device as a good one giving five stars .
 it does not work . It is made cheap , but Custom Accessories will not let me return it.Not very happy .
 Hello . I looking forward for this item . I want it very much , but when i received it I was disappointed . Really Tank protector was with very bad glue junction . When I install it on tank of my motorbike in few minutes it came unstuck . Then when i check the Glue surface I found out that it was like plasticine . I move off plasticine in few minutes fully . Then purchased special double sticky tape and using it install again the protector . It is fine now .
 I bought this radiator cap because it was sold by Amazon , the website said is good for either 1.6 or 1.8 L model , unfortunately , YOU CA N'T PUT THIS CAP ON YOUR RADIATOR , because it &#8217; s too big ! So I wan na return , but the postage is $ 7.50 while the cap cost was $ 7.68 + shipping !!!! . What &#8217; s the good point of returning this garbage ? This is the worst experience I ever had
 I drive a 1998 Plymouth Neon -LRB- thanks for your sympathy -RRB- and ordered the radiator cooling fan from this company . Instead , I received the air conditioning cooling fan . Normally , no big deal , except that the 2 fans used in this car ar edifferent because of the height of the motor for the fan . The air conditioning drip condenser fan had a very tall motor , because of its location , but the radiator fan has a shorter motor because it sits between the radiator and the exhaust headers.Normally , this is no big deal , but there is no contact with the seller , and I am forced to resort to simply ordering the correct fan from a different source.The product works with no problem as it was intended - an air conditioning drip condenser fan , but not what I ordered it for.I recommend the product , but not this seller .
 I often prefer to shop with Amazon when compared to other online alternatives , however for this item , I was quite disappointed that Amazon does not include an adequate description of the item . Specifically it is difficult to confirm exactly what is included with this purchase because the generic description provided for both the front and back seats . Since I wanted to only purchase front seats , it was too difficult to confirm which one to purchase , so I found it elsewhere online . Too bad , Amazon missed out on my business this time . The lack of a phone number to call and confirm product details also does not bode well for Amazon .
 I would have ordered this item , as it is exactly what I need . However nowhere in the item description does it list the quantity of lug bolts included at that price . I 'm assuming it 's not $ 48 for a single lug bolt ...
 I ordered these for a 2009 Acura TL . The fit was very poor
 TWICE ORDERED AND BOTH TIMES RECIVED THE WRONG YEAR CAR THE LAST TIME VENT COMPANY SENT ME BACK MY MONEY STATING THAT THEY ARE NOT SURE IT WONT HAPPEN AGAIN ` EACH TIME I HAD TO SEND IT BACK UPS
 This item was shipped in a box with out inclosing it into a plastic bag first . Cap cracked and this oil drained into my mail box all over my bills , magazines and mail . what a mess cleaning this up.I only hope they learn from this and ship more efficiently in the future . Hope no one else has to expirience what I did .
 We bought two dashmats on Amazon for two different cars . The other one was so badly done we had to send it back . This one only had one flaw , a silly 1 `` x6 '' flap that was mis-sewn and hung wrong . No matter how long you let it sit , it would never look right . We folded it under and now the dashmat looks ok . Maybe cut it off someday and resew the piping to make it look like a professional job.As I 've said in another review , Dashmat products we ordered on Amazon do n't seem to be the quality they once were . I 'm looking at other brands from now on .
 The Recon part has a pigtail unlike the 2005 OEM part . There is no space in the assembly for the pigtail.When you try to re-attach the mirror cover/back with the new lens in place , the new lens is pushed back away from the cover and is no longer flush with the assembly.Also , caution , the 2005 assembly has 4 tabs , not three per the Recon instructions.It may fit your vehicle , but it will not fit a 2005 F250 6.0 Supercab .
 spent 2 hours trying to install kept popping out harness was rubbing on mirror parts mirrors would not adjust took it all out and sent it back don , t waste your money and time
 I 'm not sure if I received a defective product , but when initially setting up the new security code , the part you turn to set the combo jammed and broke . I was rather irritated , as the lock box did n't hold up for even one use . Disappointed , I sent the lock box back for a refund and ordered the Master Lock.The box did not come with any instructions , however the Shurlock website has a video tutorial on how to set up the lock .
 I bought this so people could get into my house . The light is n't great by my door . It was advertised as being easy to open , even in the dark . I found that I had to put my fingernail in the groove to get it to turn . Impossible in the dark , hanging from the doorknob ! Not everyone has fingernails to turn the dials with . The seller was great . Item arrived when promised with priority shipping . Too bad it does n't work and is on its way back . Thanks Amazon for making this return so easy .
 the shackle lock with gate door are good ideas . the only problem I had with this lock is that it is terrible in the rain . once the dials on the front get wet the numbers wo n't turn as well and the latch door is tough to move . if exposed to more weather eventually it wears out . I used it for about 7 months and it had to be discarded because it was too tough to explain to people how to get the door open . if you are n't worried about water than it probably will be great for you .
 I purchased two locks and both of them managed to fail almost immediately . The first one unlocked on factory settings , but the moment I had set my own code it failed and would n't open again . Sadly , we had already put a key in it which meant that I had to break into the Shurlok . 10 minutes with a screwdriver and hammer and I had it busted wide open , hardly secure .
 I purchased this to hide an extra key on my Ford Excape , but the lock is to small to hold the larger Auto keys . It will work fine for a house key .
 I bought 5 of these in September 2010 . Two of them have failed . The first was used on a home for several months , the code working for dozens of showings . Then , suddenly , the lockbox would not open and I had to use a hacksaw to release the shackle and open the chamber to retrieve the keys . The second one failed during testing of the shackle after adjusting the code . The shackle opened once . Close it to retest . Wo n't open . I contacted ShurLock via e-mail . ShurLok 's response
 I bought this for our vacation house we were renting out and we had kept the key in one of these , for easy access for any guests.A house burglar broke it open with ease by the looks of it . got the key out and walked right into the house and stole $ 4,000 worth of stuff . Maybe we just had a defective one but it did not protect our property
 We ordered this lockbox to store one of our house keys . We have unusual `` skeleton '' high security keys , which are slightly longer than a regular key by a few milimeters . It doesnt fit the key we have , so it is completely useless to us .
 The unit is useless out of the box > does not open at all . Support was no help other then send it in.Do not waste your money on this product .
 These are horrible lockboxes . Confusing to use . Hard to get key out . I even tried to return them and company refused to take them back . I just had to remove one of these from one of my listings after using for the 1st time only on door for 6 weeks and all of the sudden the key door will not lock in place so this one is already broken after using for only 2 months ... lame !!
 Unlike the previous reviewer , I could smell the air `` freshener '' in the cherries . It smelled more like the armpit of someone who eats a lot of cherries than any actual cherries I 've smelled . After several car rides with the window open -LRB- in cold weather , I might add -RRB- to get rid of the smell that I had paid to put in my car , I removed this piece of poo and put it where it belongs
 Wow ! who wouldv ' e thought that I actually had an air freshener in my car . Couldnt tell by the smell because it was non existent but the cherries looked cute anyway atleast .
 I just received the K&N Typhoon Air Intake Kit for my 2003 VW GTI Turbo . Looked through the instructions which stated the kit is only for use in good weather . If it rains , you are supposed to disconnect the filter from the extension tube and place the filter on the short tube in the engine compartment ... not a simple operation . Apparently the long tube that puts the filter near the wheel well for cold air access also puts the filter in an area that will allow water to be sucked into the engine . Unbelievable . This is not mentioned in any of the advertisements for this product .
 THE PLASTIC CLIPS ARE BRITTLE AND BREAK EASILY . ADDITIONALLY , IT HAS A WIRE BOX PLUG THAT 'S NOT OEM AND THEREFORE THERE 'S NO ROOM FOR IT BEHIND THE MIRROR . IN ESSENCE , I HAD TO GLUE THESE LENSES ON TO GET THEM TO FIT . ** SIDE NOTE
 I bought this product thinking it looked like a great idea . Connects to the end of a hose , wash the windows with the telescoping long handle and squeegee them off . What could be better ? Well , this product certainly could be . It 's too heavy and awkward to handle with the hose attached . The cleaning head is supposed to rotate and lock but it does n't stay locked . The mophead becomes heavy and wo n't stay on the bracket . It falls off after one swipe . I paid way too much money for this worthless product that ended up in the garbage .
 Did not ever work right . Was hard to manage - could n't use the handle really at all . I 'm sure there are better options out there for the money .
 I want to know why did I paid 4 dollars for one day air and the shipment is taken more than 2 days ?????????????
 Received second grill and this one had the same missing parts . NO HANDLES . Do n't think they can send me a COMPLETE PACKAGE WITH ALL THE PARTS . Will return this 2nd shippment . Also you are not showing receiving my first grill as be returned .
 When I recieved this product in the mail -LRB- FedX -RRB- the box looked okay . There were no inducations that there was damage . When I opened the box and started to put the unit together I noticed a hole in the lower front ! Now the grill will not heat to max as there is too much air flow ! Too bad I had one of these grills before and it lasted for 9 + years .
 Very slow to heat but after three years totally unfit for use . Difficult to light . Once lite it often blows out . Legs are awkward to put away , They flop down while trying to put away in the vinyl bag as there is no retainer to keep them in the stored position . This one is ready for the trash and I am ready to upgrade to the Made in USA Weber Q series
 This grill arrived with a crack on the cover . Damage during shipment is not the fault of the manufacturer , so IMO Amazon could have boxed it more protectively.I advise all buyers to save all packaging until they know the product they have purchased is satisfactory .
 This EGR valve is supposed to fit a 1998 Ford F150 , I do n't know where they got this idea but it certainly was n't from the real world . This contraption does n't even come close to fitting a 1998 Ford F150 . I guess this is what happens when you allow the chinese communists to manufacture a part in their sweatshops using child slave labor , just to save a buck and increase profit margins . This was a test run to buy auto parts from Amazon.com and Amazon.com failed miserably .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 This is the second time , from the second vendor -LRB- this time Amazon -RRB- , where I have bought these sleeves only to find out that they are just the cheap `` Advantage '' grade sleeves packaged in the `` Professional '' grade boxes . They do n't look like the picture , the sleeve itself is a straight smooth threaded shaft that has no guides for the clamps and a cheap coating that rusts quickly . If you want a good quality sleeve , buy from a brand like Moog , and if you just want cheap , get the Advantage version of this which is the same thing at less than half the price .
 nothing to brag about i guess it could be a little safer against rocks and branches but over all it seems very cheap . not to mention it said it comes with 4 pieces and really came with 3 . two different times .
 I have had this item replaced several times , because it has not worked or had something on it broken . I sent Four Seasons photos of the one that I recieved that was broken and they said `` Yes , it should be replaced '' I do n't think I would buy this product again .
 I was trying to find a decent quality rocker panel but this is n't it . These are cheap plastic pieces . Save you money for better item .
 Amazon claimed this would fit my Chevy S-10 pickup but it is too wide even after trimming the outside sections . Since one-piece mats are hard to find and I wanted to cover the center hump , I decided to modify this one . I had to cut it into 3 pieces and trim them down to fit . They fit OK but are now three pieces , not one . Also , when you open the box , the rubber smell will knock you over . After scrubbing these relentlessly , they still smell like rubber . I have had these in my car for about a month and if I leave my windows shut overnight , it wreaks of rubber smell . I would suggest looking elsewhere for a better solution .
 I bought these for my '08 Xterra , along with those for the rear seats . The rear seats fit but the front passenger seat cover did not.I called the number on the instructions and I was directed to email pictures of the cover on the car , showing where and how it did n't fit . I did this and after a few days they got back to me by email.After a few exchanges of information and more pictures , they agreed the covers had not been cut properly so were sending a replacement . When the replacement arrived , I could see it was n't even for this vehicle at all ; the cutout for the seat back release did n't exist for one thing and there were cutouts where none were needed . I immediately got back to them on their customer service website with these problems but they had already closed out the service ticket so I had to start a new one.It 's been a week and I have n't heard from anyone yet . Hopefully I will . At $ 150 a pair , these things should fit like a glove and their customer service should be more responsive .
 Ordered this charger , while it was the same model and had the same capability , got a cheaper version than what is pictured on the site . Charger shipped had the low end uninsulated type battery clamps rather than the nice heavy duty ones pictured on th website ad -LRB- like the ones you see on the 6 amp and lesser trickle chargers of same brand -RRB- . Secondly , was under the impression that the charger had a reconditioning feature , which it did not .
 Do n't waste your time or money - every battery I have ever attempted to charge with this unit results on F03 error code.The first time it happened I took the unit at it 's result and returned the battery -LRB- fortunately it was under warranty -RRB- , but now I fully realize the battery was fine , it 's the charger that is worthless .
 Right after I bought this , I took it home , hooked it up to a dying battery in my Nissan Frontier and it had me back and running within 2 hours . I thought it was great.Six months later , when my Craftsman Lawn Tractor battery died , I hooked it up to that . In less than 2 minutes , it said I was fully charged , but was n't even close . Then I used the 75 amp `` quick start '' function ... watched the display count down from 90 seconds and when it said , `` Start Now '' , I cranked the thing . Nothing . So I went back to the charge cycle -- it said it was charging at 25 amps and in less than a minute , it said fully charged . Baloney . There 's not a spark in that battery.Today , I tried to charge the battery in my Nissan Frontier again -LRB- I hardly ever drive it -RRB- . Same thing happened as happened with the lawn tractor battery . The unit tells me the battery is fully charged , it wo n't deliver the `` quick start '' option , and the battery is almost stone cold dead . You turn the key and hear click-click-click-click-click-click . Plus , I do n't mind this being made in China . That 's fine with me . But if they 're going to print the manual in China -- I just wish they 'd have someone who could speak , read , and write English to edit the thing before they put it in the box ! Reading the manual is like reading the subtitles to a Chinese movie where everyone 's speaking Mandarin . `` Please to connect the cables one red and one black to posts in order of succession . '' How about `` The red clamp is positive -LRB- + -RRB- and the black clamp is negative -LRB- - -RRB- . Connect the red clamp to the positive terminal of the battery and the black clamp to the negative terminal . If you do n't understand this , close the hood and call a mechanic . '' Would n't that be better ?
 I bought this charger from Walmart about a year ago . The only time it has truly worked was when I used it to charge my sit down lawn mower when I got out after the winter and it worked perfectly . But then I used it on my car and it was saying there were faults then i used it on both my motorcycles and same thing . I jump the batteries with a car because the charger says that it ca n't charger if the battery has too little juice but it has n't made a difference . I was starting to wonder if the charger was breaking the batteries . I 've replaced my car and one of my motorcycle batteries because I thought they were ruined and i was about to replace the other but i wanted to see if there were reviews online about this charger and some of the other reviews sound similar and that their batteries were still fine and that it was just the charger so now i want to try a different charger or something . Hopefully it did n't break my batteries but either way you should probably stay away from this charger because although it appears nice at first it ends up causing more trouble
 Do not waste your money ! 9 out of 10 good batteries it gives a `` fault code '' , meaning it stops charging on its own . There you sit thinking your battery is being charged , only 3 minutes after you left it stopped itsef from charging . Not to smart . All the basic older chargers simply charge what you want when you want without over-riding your actions .
 I will never buy Black & Becker battery charter again . This charger only charges batteries that have some charge . If you leave your lights on or something that completely drains the battery this charger gives a fault light and will not charge . A charger that does n't charge dead batteries . Brilliant design !
 I have had a Black & Decker Vector charger for almost three years . Year one , the charger worked great . I used it to charge both AGM and regular lead-acid -LRB- car-type -RRB- batteries that I use in boats and a tractor . Year two , the cooling fan began to make noise . Now , at the start of year three -- the internal cooling fan has seized up and the unit shuts itself off before a charge can be delivered . After three phone calls -- the first to Black & Decker , the second to Black & Decker automotive division , and the third to an entirely different company , Baccus Global -- I learn that without the receipt of purchase that they can not help me in any way . I will go online and buy a replacement fan for under 5 $ and repair it myself , but I would not recommend this unit as the company that manufactures it has been bought and sold three times in the past 7 years . It is cheaply made and largely unsupported by Black & Decker . Do yourself a favor and look at other brands !
 Worked ok until the selector switches became erratic . Might work once in ~ twenty tries . Returned first under warranty . Second one lasted a few months and now has the same problem .
 I use battery chargers often to charge RV batteries . This one sounded good on Amazon and has basically worked.However , a couple of elements in the display burned out after a short time . Now it is impossible to read the voltage or charging rate . I do not recommend this unit . As a matter of fact I really can not think of a single Black and Decker tool I 've owned that has quality built in .
 It worked OK a few times . I do n't use it often , just in winter to recharge and trickle . Worked OK one winter . Next year I plugged it in and it became a bizarre blinking light show It was kind of pretty in a scary way , but it seemed like it would explode any moment .
 LIKE MOST OF WHAT BLACK AND DECKER SELLS THIS IS A PIECE OF JUNK ... USED IT APPROXIMATELY TEN TIMES WHEN IT QUIT WORKING ... BUYER BEWARE WHEN PURCHASING THIS BATTERY CHARGER
 Bought this to charge my boat and lawn mower batteries in the spring , two batteres , two years and it has ceased to function . It makes a constant beeping sound when you plug it in and will not respond to any of the controls , MADE IN CHINA . Gave my old manual one that was 20 + years old to my son , guess I 'll go get it back .
 Performed as advertised for about a year , under light household use , then suddenly stopped working . Display shows `` spinning '' symbol . Wo n't charge under any amp setting .
 I have to agree with several other viewers that this charger is junk . I have three batteries to maintain during the winter , two lawn tractor batteries and a generator battery . I find that if a battery is already nearly fully charged , this charger will sometimes top it off but most other times , when connected to a battery , it displays an FO3 fault code and will not charge . An FO3 code supposedly means that the battery has an internal fault or is sulphated , so the first time I got that FO3 fault , I wasted my money and purchased a new battery . Then I found that , no matter which battery I connect it to , I usually get an FO3 fault display even when the battery is perfectly good . This battery charger is totally worthless and will be soon replaced by a Battery Tender Plus . I do not understand why a company would produce and sell a totally worthless product like this.I 'll add something to this review . I received a Battery Tender Plus today and connected it to a battery that the Black and Decker charger would not charge -LRB- FO3 fault -RRB- saying it had an internal fault or was sulphated . The Battery Tender said the battery was fine and is charging it . I stand behind my remark that the Black and Decker VEC1087CBD charger is worthless .
 I will never trust another product that calls itself `` SMART '' anything ! This `` SMART '' charger gives a fault reading -LRB- F02 -RRB- when the battery needs to be charged ! The `` F02 '' fault means either the terminals are n't tightly contacted by the charger leads or the battery does not have enough juice to be charged.When you get a fault reading the charger disables itself , so when your battery needs to be charged is when this charger wo n't charge it.Well guess what ? I bought this charger TWO YEARS AGO to charge my batteries when they did not have enough juice to start my cars . It seems the same amount of power required to start my car is close to or at the amount needed for the charger to charge my dead battery . If a new battery is run down a little bit the charger will work fine - as long as the battery is charged ! But , if your battery is too dead to give you more than a `` click-click '' when you turn that ignition key , THIS CHARGER WO N'T WORK ! Buy a real battery charger.Who named this a `` smart '' charger ? This `` F02 '' fault message is n't very smart when the purpose of the charger is to charge a battery that does n't have enough power . I 've never before had a charger that did n't charge a dead battery . This is the only one . The only thing `` SMART '' connected to this charger are the various methods the owners will think up in an attempt to use this charger to charge their dead batteries . Here are some of them : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Go on line and see if someone came up with a way to remove whatever transister or resister is inside this charger that prevents it from charging a dead battery , or -LRB- 2 -RRB- Use jumper cables to start the car with the dead battery and let it run for a half hour so it can charge its battery enough to allow the `` SMART '' charger to take over charging it , or -LRB- 3 -RRB- Run jumper cables from another car with a good battery to the dead battery that needs to be charged as above , but instead of jumping the dead battery , attach the charger and see if it will now charge the dead battery if it gets its reading from the car with the live battery , or -LRB- 4 -RRB- Buy another new fully charged battery to replace the one that needs charging , or -LRB- 5 -RRB- BUY A REAL BATTERY CHARGER - MAKE SURE IT DOES NOT CALL ITSELF A `` SMART '' CHARGER!If I can not find an EASY , SAFE fix on line to allow this poorly designed charger to charge dead batteries as it should , the last option is the best option - BUY A DIFFERENT BATTERY CHARGER THAT ONLY CHARGES BATTERIES.PS ... This charger is so bad it inspired me to write my very first review after 15 years or so of reading various reviews on this site.If I rated all the tools and equipment I ever used in my lifetime , this would be the second worst piece of equipment out of hundreds ! The very worst piece was a stump grinder I rented for a few hours . It was designed in such a way that prevented it from grinding tree stumps . I returned it within the first hour and got my entire rental fee back . This is a battery charger that is designed in such a way that prevents it from charging dead batteries - the ones that need to be charged by this battery charger .
 1 . Page 4 of the instructions booklet - `` Preparing to Charge '' item # 2 . `` it is necessary to remove battery from vehicle to charge ... '' - seems like `` If '' is missing in the front of the sentence , perhaps ? Later on they give instructions how to charge a battery which is still in the vehicle ... 2 . Then when you follow all the instructions and connect POS -LRB- + -RRB- to POS -LRB- red -RRB- and NEG -LRB- - -RRB- -LRB- neg is grounded -RRB- to the chassis , the charger gives FAULT when 2/6/10 AMP button is pressed .3 . The AC power cord supposed to have a triple fork -LRB- grounded -RRB- yet the fork has no grounding nor an adapter enclosed . I suppose it 's ok , yet not safe as per instructions . Some inconsistency in the instructions .4 . Just a few seconds into charging -LRB- battery removed from vehicle , all instructions followed precisely -RRB- the `` Smart Battery Charger '' displays `` FUL '' -LRB- Battery Fully Charged -RRB- yet battery is not charged much . When `` Battery Voltage '' check button pressed the unit displays 14,5 Volts -LRB- fully charged -RRB- yet the vehicle just makes a rattle noise when connected to the `` fully charged '' battery .5 . When left on `` FUL '' the battery charger does not automatically shut itself down as promised on the packaging and in the instruction .6 . Later on if still left on `` FUL '' it started displaying `` F03 '' -LRB- Internal Open Cell -RRB- , which is not true . The battery is fine , just needed charging .
 I ordered this product to charge my car battery . I had previously used manual chargers on this battery with success . This charger promises automatic capability and diagnostics on your battery . Upon hooking the charger up to the car battery , diagnostics produced an `` Open Cell '' diagnosis , it would not charge at this point . I replaced with a brand new battery . The new battery works fine in the car . When I hooked the charger up to the new battery to see what it would say , same diagnosis , `` open cell '' . Battery obviously is not the problem at this point . Tried hooking charger up to my lawn mower , same result `` open cell '' . The lawn mower battery has been working fine . I have no option to override the assessment and still charge the battery if I want . I believe the battery I replaced probably was still good . Do n't believe this unit diagnosis , costly mistake .
 This was a gift . Should have tried it out at once . When I did attempt to charge a battery it showed fault . Tried again on a good battery . No display at all . You do not know if it is charging or not . Hard to tell without a display to let you know . I would never purchase a Black and Decker charger again . Beware !
 I also bought another battery thinking that was the problem . After about a year the cooling fan in my charger also started making noise , and also constantly gives fault codes . If you tap the charger or lean it on end the noise goes away but I do n't think the charger is charging properly . If your battery is completely drained it will not charge either . Makes sense buy a charger that wo n't charge dead batteries ? This thing is garbage , and has cost me quite a bit more money than just the charger itself . I also believe this charger has also diminished the life of both the batteires I have charged with it . Both are deep cycle marine batteries used for trolling motors.You would think the batteries should last a little longer than two years ...
 I bought these for my '08 Xterra , along with those for the rear seats . The rear seats fit but the front passenger seat cover did not.I called the number on the instructions and I was directed to email pictures of the cover on the car , showing where and how it did n't fit . I did this and after a few days they got back to me by email.After a few exchanges of information and more pictures , they agreed the covers had not been cut properly so were sending a replacement . When the replacement arrived , I could see it was n't even for this vehicle at all ; the cutout for the seat back release did n't exist for one thing and there were cutouts where none were needed . I immediately got back to them on their customer service website with these problems but they had already closed out the service ticket so I had to start a new one.It 's been a week and I have n't heard from anyone yet . Hopefully I will . At $ 150 a pair , these things should fit like a glove and their customer service should be more responsive .
 This hitch does not fit a 2007 Impreza Outback Sport Limited . The attachment arms are curved in the wrong way .
 I bought this item because it said it was PINE SCENT , that is what I was looking for , but it is actually horrible bubble gum scent . NOT pine scent!Zero stars !
 This unit self destructs without fail after 6 months of use . I have gone through three of them so far because there is no other small charger that i can find . You will find this unit packaged under different brand names , and under different colors at different stores so watch out.Finally i got tired of returning the thing and sprung for a `` battery minder '' trickle charger . Works perfect .
 I 'm on my 3rd one . Everyone self destructs after a few months . When it fails the On/Off relay switches rapidly and who-knows-what its doing to your expensive battery . I even put mine on a mechancical timer so that its only On an hour a day - still developed the problem . Time to suck it up and spend more money on a battery tender . I would not trust leaving the house with this thing plugged in - might come home to ashes !
 I tried two of these . Both units would not automatically go to standby , or float mode , once the batteries were fully charged . They just continued in charging mode and got extremely hot . Batteries got warm too . I see potential for a real fire hazard here . Confirmed the intended operation with B&D Support . Would be ideal if it really worked .
 I 'm a LCDR in the Navy and wanted something to maintain my vehicles while on deployment . After testing two of these on both cars , I quickly saw that they are wothless . The batteries were CONTINUOUSLY overcharged ! Just for giggles and grins I allowed them to stay on for an hour or two and they still did n't turn off . You could literally hear the water being ` boiled ' out of the battery on these units . Had I left them in , I 'm positive they would have ruined the batteries and likely my house when the garage filled up with hydrogen and the blew the place up . STAY AWAY from these chargers . A little more $ will get you a reliable charger .
 mine wo n't shut off either ... when battery reaches full charge , it should switch off -- does n't happen ! I 'm on my 2nd one ... time to get a refund !
 I have four of these units and they are all malfunctioning.When the battery is topped off , the charger rides on the charge relay and makes a clattering noise , this is a continuous cycle.Pay more and be safe with the VDC batteryMinder plus , around 44 $ . Geo
 Black & Decker 2 Amp Smart Battery Maintainer VEC080BDI have been using this 2A smart maintainer for nearly 2 years in a garage to maintain the battery of a stored vehicle . The vehicle uses a standard flooded lead-acid battery and has not had any charging issues , but I just prefer to hook up the maintainer whenever I decide to not drive it for more than 1 month . Recently the maintainer began to exhibit unusual performance characteristics . In one instance , the relay clicked on/off rapidly after I hooked it up . Recently it overcharged my battery , causing it to boil over . I monitored it using a hall-effect clamp ammeter and DC voltmeter to observe that it maintained 2A @ 14.5 VDC throughout the charge ! If you switch it OFF and then to 1A or 2A , it will immediately shutoff -LRB- Green LED -RRB- , reverting to a maintenance charge of 13.2 VDC at a much lower current . However as soon as a current demand is detected , the charger goes back wide open throttle to 14.5 VDC @ 2A regardless of the battery 's condition . There may be arisk of fire and damage to property . I highly recommend you do not continue to use this product unless you are able to monitor it closely or are using it for short periods of time.Pros
 Did not shut off and ruined a $ 174.00 gel motorcycle battery . I will never purchase anything Black & Decker again .
 I had one of these units , sold under the Vector brand name , fail in use after about three months for no obvious reason . It was hooked to the battery of a truck in long-term storage in a garage , in a benign environment . It 's obviously of little use if one ca n't rely on it to keep a battery topped-off . Out of curiosity , I broke the seal and opened the unit . 120 VAC was still getting to the printed circuit and the on-board glass fuse was good , but the LEDs no longer lit up and there was no DC output . Something in the electronics simply failed.Based on other adverse reviews here , it 's obvious that the design is deficient and these units are unreliable . I still need a trickle or float charger , but the replacement unit wo n't be one of these .
 This B&D ; float charger seemed to work OK on standard 12V automotive-type lead-acid batteries , but not on AGM types -LRB- sealed Absorbent Glass Mat , similar to GELs -RRB- , although the box says it is also good for maintaining AGM and GEL batteries . When I tried it on an AGM the initial charge cycle was OK but then the following float charge dropped to at least 1 to 1.5 V less than what an AGM needs , resulting in a long-term undercharge while in maintenance mode . This will result in damage to AGM batteries , and probably gel-cells also.TV interference
 Did n't fit properly on my cj-5 instead at higher rpm the air cleaner hose collapsed in choking out the engine .
 Did n't work on my seats . But I still used it to store some things and rolled it up .
 these wore out in 6 months ! The keeper that holds the ball bearings in place are made out of plastic . High speeds and heat = melted plastic .
 Just got available to install these wires after recovering from surgery AND THEY ARE THE WRONG ONES AND NOT RETURNABLE . A WASTE OF MONEY.THANKS AMAZON FOR WASTING MY MONEY .
 I dont know if it was the fitment guide of if these are knock offs but the female end was slightly improper size and striped the fitting on the hard line . Good luck finding a new fitting . Came in a Delco package but somthing wasnt right here .
 I was happy with the product like the other reviewers . This was temporary . The product was made by in China by Team Products -LRB- since gone under according to a Ripoff Report -RRB- and sold under the Coleman name . The one I bought came in a two pack with this inverter and a smaller Team Products/Coleman inverter -LRB- 70-90 watts , no fan -RRB- . Both inverters are dead and all fuses are in tact , including in vehicle . I expected better from Coleman .
 I purchased this on September 12 , 2009 and was sent a defective unit . A replace was sent out and arrived in a timely manner . However , the replacement only worked 4 1/2 months . Now , I need to return it for a replacement and see you have very little options and only receive partial credit . I will not purchase anything like this from Amazon again .
 I bought this steering stabilizer for my 1992 F350 . Even though this product is the correct part -LRB- according to Skyjacker -RRB- for my truck , once reading the instructions , I quickly realized that my truck was an after thought . Skyjacker bills this kit as a `` universal '' kit . I guess as long as welding is involved , any kit is universal ? Reading the instructions , Step # 2
 Buyer beware . This is a case of false advertising . The picture does not match the shipped product . The coil is not sent . I have since learned that you need model 8548201c to have a coil included . What else is deceptive is that you can get the 8548201c model for approximately the same price elsewhere on the internet .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 These bolts have a 9/16 '' 6-pt hex head , instead of the 12-point larger diameter typical to ARP brand and OEM styles . This makes the heads of the bolts too small for many flex-plate holes . When tightened directly into a tapped torque converter , the corners of the bolt head start to auger out the holes in the flex-plate and grind off the tips of the hex-head , for a loose fit . Certainly not the best choice for all 350/400 setups .
 This is a waste of money if you ask me . It blows loudly and takes forever to blow anything up
 Bought a few years ago ; lasted 2 years with perhaps 1 use every 2 months.Save your money and shop around via Internet on a more reliable compressor
 I have an issue with the ASI300 regarding the warranty and the rated maximum pressure . The box says 1 year warranty -LRB- not 2 yr . -RRB- . Also the box says 160 max psi but on the unit label it specifies 120 max psi . Your website information about the ASI300 is misleading .
 Very inconvenient to use . The hose and cord are much too short . I have to use an extension cord and move the pump around too much . The old model had a long cord and a long hose and was much easier to use .
 After a year of light use the unit would no longer work when connected to an outlet . It still works when connected to a car 's lighter outlet . Trouble is I needed both . Some Black & Decker stuff is champion , like my battery mower and drills . Some of it is crap , like my power washer and this air station .
 I purchased this item late 2011 . The plastic tip that connects the air hose to the tire snapped while I was trying to add air to my tire . This was during an extremely cold day in winter . I tried to replace the part , but BlackandDecker wants $ 8.00 + for the part , and $ 10.00 + to ship it by standard mail . $ 20.00 to replace a part the is cheaply made . If you live in a cold area , I would advise you the purchase another type of unit that has a brass connector .
 B&D ; AirStation has a non user-serviceable fuse -LRB- soldered to the internal circuit board -RRB- which seems to regularly blow out for many customers -LRB- including me -RRB- . I returned mine for refund . Note that the 12v input uses a separate circuit , so if your fuse blows you may still be able to make use of the AirStation with the 12v plug in your car.Hopefully in a future model B&D ; would :1 . -RRB- add a circuit breaker on this unit 's panel in place of the internal fuse2 . -RRB- make the one or both of of the air hose and the 120v cord slightly longer3 . -RRB- design the storage for the 12v cord such that it does n't obstruct use of the switchUntil then , I recommend buying a manual floor pump instead , else spend a little more and buy a small industrial air compressor .
 This inflator might be okay for bicycle tires and light duty small tires , but it does not work with larger inflation jobs at all , especially jobs requiring inflation pressures above 60 lbs psi . On my car tires , to raise the pressure from 35 to 40 , it took nearly 10 Minutes per tire -LRB- that 's 40 minutes for the car !! -RRB- ! And on my truck tires , the unit would not inflate the tires about 62 lbs ! It just kept running , with no increase in pressure . Do NOT buy this unit if you expect to use it regularly on car or truck tires .
 I had my Air Station for a little over 2 years ... enough time for the warranty to run out . It worked fine , and I did n't use it very often until it just stopped . I suspect it 's the fuse as I 've heard from other reports over the internet . I called their repair center , and they said it 's not repairable . I have an older inflator from another company , and I 've used that for at least 10 years . My older one was built in the U.S. . This more recent one from Black and Decker I think is from China . I obviously would not buy this again , and I would recommend you save your money for something of better quality .
 I bought this so i would n't have to haul around my big compressor to pump up tires , unfortunately it is n't powerful enough to do tires , unless you have nothing but time to burn
 Great packaging , but it fails at the critical aspect ; ability to pump quickly.Bought a small baby pool and it took more than 6 hours to get it pumped . Not acceptable !
 Works great until you blow the fuse located on the circuit board . It can be replace , if you are handy with a soldering iron . Still works on DC , but that 's not why I purchased it . I have to agree , Black and Decker quality is not what it once was .
 I bought this in 2008 , used it about 20 times -LRB- on 120VAC power -RRB- to fill bicycle tires - it worked fine and then in 2012 it failed . Read about multiple people having problems with the internal , non replaceable fuse blowing out . I dismantled the unit and checked - the internal fuse was blown , but that was because something else in the circuitry was blown out . Had to toss the unit . This unit spent most of its life indoors in its original box . This is not the reliability I 'd expect from a Black and Decker product - especially from a product that might be needed in an roadside situation .
 This worked great for about a year . Used it to top off tire presure on car tires , fill bike tires etc. . Pulled it out last week to pump up a bike tire , switched it on and got nothing . Checked everything , then googled the problem and found that this is not only common , but that Black and Decker has made a product with a fuse that is not made to be replaced by the customer - it 's soldered into a circuit board . Poor design , poor businss decision . Buy this only if you can afford to replace it yearly.See the link to their website for additional complaints
 I purchased this inflator and I did not use it on a daily basis . One morning I was checking tire pressures on my wife 's car due to a change in the temperature . And started to add air to one of the tires , I started to smell something burning and this compressor then stopped working and was very hot . We were using this inflator for only two months and as I indicated we did not use on a daily basis . So do not waste your hard earned money by purchasing this brand . Also the nearest service center was over 25 miles from our home and we live in the Chicago Area so do not count on customer support from Black and Decker .
 I purchased this with the hopes that it would be better than the one I purchased for $ 10 at my local auto part store . But it ended up being totally worthless since after two uses , the cheap plastic locking mechanism that locks in place on the valve steam for inflation broke and rendered the Black & Decker ASI300 totally useless.If you are considering buying a reliable tire inflation unit , do n't waste your money buying this item . Make sure that what you buy has metal locking tip at the end of the hose otherwise , it will last you as long as it did to me .
 I had this unit for just over a year and I didnt really use it much and it just stopped working . Not worth the money .
 After a handful of uses over a few months , the fuse blew . Huge headache to replace it . It does n't make a lot of sense why B&D would have a fuse that you ca n't replace . Looking for a new unit now , definitely not going with B&D .
 1 -RRB- I tried it on my car tires and it stopped inflating just a few seconds after it was started , well below the pressure level I set at the built-in pressure gauge . I also tried it on my soccer balls and it also stopped below the pressure level .2 -RRB- The pressure gauge pointer is about 1.5 mm wide and it is not clear which edge -LRB- upper , middle or lower -RRB- it is supposed to be aligned with the PSI range which does not have accurate readings itself . It claimed to be + / -3 % accurate which is a joke .
 This product works well as an air pump . However , a tiny internal fuse is guaranteed to blow with regular use . I have had two pumps and both fuses blew within 7 months.The fuse is not a user serviceable part . Had B&D ; designed the unit with a user replaceable fuse , replacement would be a minor annoyance . However , the complexity of replacing the fuse means that this product is a disposable unit that will clog landfills needlessly.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I saw this in a retail store , and this looked really useful for the bike , car , and unicycle tires that we need to refill . It has convenient features , easily switchable from 110V -LRB- with a short , permanently-attached AC cord -RRB- to 12V -LRB- with a removable low-voltage cable and cigarette-lighter plug -RRB- . I used it twice in the garage , and it worked great . Then my wife slid on the ice and bumped a curb , and her tire needed a boost of air . I met her with the ASI300 and my warm winter gloves , plugged in the compressor to her cigarette lighter , and snapped the plastic connector on the end of the short air hose onto the valve stem . BUT rather than snapping on , the connector snapped into six pieces . Granted , the temperature was -10 degrees F , but these condition happen in Iowa.My disappointment is that an otherwise useful product with generally good design and features is spoiled by this low-quality plastic part , that gets used every time the device is used . I did not abuse it -LRB- other than the cold -RRB- , but now it is useless and non-repairable ! So I am returning it , thankful that at least it broke soon while I can still return it -LRB- only two weeks since purchase -RRB- . Looking through more products and reviews , I have ordered the Viair 90P Portable Air Compressor Kit for a bit higher cost as a replacement . Viair makes a wide range of similar small units , but they use stainless steel valves rather than the plastic of this Black and Decker . Viair is not as familiar a name to consumers , but Semi Truck Drivers and others who use these products know Viair has a very good reputation . I will add my review of the Viair 90P after I have a chance to use it .
 I got the product out of the box and tried to use it . When I went to lock the plastic piece on to my tire it broke in to 3 pieces .
 I got this back in October . It was good while it lasted . I could plug it into my lighter and the cord was long enough for me to reach to all the tires of my Honda Odyssey . It has attachments to use at home to inflate my children 's toys . It 's a compact machine I kept in my car for emergencies , and I seemed to have a lot of those.The dial worked as advertised , though it was difficult to see exactly where 37 PPI would be . When I got out my little tire gauge , it was always pretty close to what I wanted.This little machine broke last weekend when I tried to use it to pump 100 balloons . We were using both this compressor and my Intex Quickfill pump . The Quickfill was definitely faster , but the Air Station was doing its job . Then , it just stopped and it has n't worked since .
 bought one in february . used it about 4-5 times per week for bike tires . first unit failed in july . cost me money to mail it back to blackanddecker . received replacement in august , which broke in november . now will cost more to send that one back again . worked fine until it broke , but just not a product that can function in an everyday use type of situation . I need a more robust compressor with a tank .
 Everything about this product is a disappointment . The short power cable , the short air hose , cheap accessory needles . Power switch is buried behind the vehicle power cord . Nothing is easy to store away . The dial on the top of the unit is a nice idea , but again falls miserably short . My father owned the original Air Station and it was terrific ... this is a far cry from the original . Black and Decker has horrible customer service and -LRB- sad to say -RRB- puts out a horrible product . Do not be fooled by the low price ... buying this would be a mistake .
 I bought this thinking it would provide me a few good years of service , but it lasted a bit over a month.The compressor worked well and pretty quickly . A bit of a pain as to the location of the on/off switch in the cord storage area , but the auto shut-off feature was very nice.Then I took it out today to inflate my snowblower tires and the nozzle literally broke apart . Seems that the business end of this compressor should be less fragile . Very disappointed .
 The first time I tried to use this the lever on the fill nozzle broke off rendering the whole pump useless .
 I got this product because I wanted to be able to power it through the power outlet in my garage , rather than the car 's cig lighter . It worked fine for the first tire . When I got to second tire and connected it to my tire air valve , the plastic connector broke . I figured I was going to get more uses out of this ...
 My first Amazon review
 Great points
 I just used my new B&D As1300 Air Station for the 1st time and was greatly disappointed . I had a older model that worked much better and faster and had longer power and inflation cords . When using the inflator , the storage compartment door must be left open which makes turning the air station on and off very awkward . The only part that broke on my old air station was the plastic valve stem attachment which I could not replace . If I had bought this new air station from a local retailer I would return it for a refund .
 This thing could n't blow the fuzz off a dandelion.The description says it can be used for camping mattresses , but in the time it takes to blow one up , you could weave an entire hammock.Buy it for blowing up bike tires if you ca n't operate a bike pump . Otherwise , a waste of $ 50 .
 This inflator is poorly designed and engineered . The position of the on/off button is horrible and hoses can not be left out without keeping the door open , which makes access to the on/off button even harder . But a bigger problem is that the analogue gauge is terribly inaccurate , it hardly works and Black and Decker admits that in the manual -LRB- check with another gauge -RRB- . Finally , if you interrupts inflating , you need to turn of the device completely before continuing . I returned this item .
 What a joke this thing is . To inflate the tire on our van I would hook it up at a commercial break and go out during the next commercial break and it still would n't be done inflating the tire . I sent it back . I got better things to do with my life than wait on a tire to be inflated .
 SORRY BUT THIS IS A REAL PIECE OF CRAP ! IT IS TOTALLY UNDERPOWERED , TAKING 20 MINUTES TO INFLATE A POOL TUBE . THE CORD IS 16 '' LONG , WHICH REQUIRES YOU TO SIT ON THE FLOOR BY AN OUT LET TO INFLATE SOMETHING IF YOU DONT HAVE AN EXTENSION CORD . SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 I never could get the gauge to calibrate to the correct reading . I found my tires were always overinflated or underinflated . I ended up junking it - waste of money .
 In summary
 This is the second unit that I bought . The first one was one year old and died when I tried to inflate a wheelbarrow at a home located at 6100 ft elevation . I thought the unit had died a natural death until the second unit which was brand new also died . No where in the BD manual did it warn about not using at certain elevations .
 The product is complete - but it appears to cheaply made - it takes a LONG TIME to add air to tires . I am going to return this unit and look for something else .
 It would be a good inflator , but for some strange reason the manufacturer limited the length of the electric cord to a foot and a half , not even long enough to leave it setting on the floor while I pump up bike tires . I have to get an extension cord every time I want to use this pump . I called Black and Decker to inquire about this design mistake but was not given an adequate explanation as to why the power cord is so short . I had a previous Black & Decker inflator that lasted twenty years and it worked and functioned very well.Many pumps priced at up to the cost of this Black & Decker ASI300 , and now on the market work only by plugging them into cigarette lighters , in fact I have yet to find one that plugs in to A/C . I have n't been able to find any brand of pump that would function as well as my old Black and Decker or I would quickly return this ASI300 for a refund .
 I have found this product to be inferior in every way . Loud . Slow to fill tires . Awkward placement of the on/off toggle . Short power chord . I could forgive all of these short comings however , if it could do just one thing ; fill more that 10 tires without blowing a non replaceable internal fuse . The first time it blew B&D sent me a new one without question . The second time it blew they said since they already sent me a new one the first time , I would have to take this one it to an authorized repair facility and I would need an original receipt to do so . I ca n't find it -LRB- of course -RRB- so now I have a big orange paper weight . Read the other reviews , this appears to be a common problem . If you do buy this make sure you keep your receipt in a safe place . You will need it often .
 Extremely loud when running , and extremely slow regardless of the item you are inflating . You have to literally cram the hose and wires into the storage compartment in order to get them inside , then you need to worry about pinching a line or cord when you close the cover . The hose attachments fit nice underneath but none of them fit air mattresses or the larger air holes . Also , the AC electrical cord is SO SHORT that it is almost impossible to use this product without an extension cord , which defeats the purpose of its compact design . Skip this item and spend a little more money on a better product . Sorry Black & Decker , you normally make good products but this one is lousy .
 May be ok for bike tires but that is about it . Tried topping off my motorhome tires with this unit and never finished . Both the 12 volt and 120 volt pump stopped working . Very disappointing . Also seemed to act erratic at times as mentioned in other reviews .
 Used once and quit working on ac power . DC still works but not sure for how long .
 I plugged it in and turned it on and smoke came out everywhere - obviously defective
 Got a few problems with this product . The on/off/ac / dc button is not conviently placed . The dc plug and wire cover the button . Their is no handle . It 's very slow . I filled my 4 tires from about 30psi to 45psi and it took over 30mins . Worst of all - It broke after less than 10 uses . It 's too late to return it so I lost out . Buy something better . Dont waste ur money .
 I 've owned two of these and it did not take long for the fuses to blow.A total waste of money . If you feel like throwing $ 50 away , buy it .
 The weight indicator did not work from the very beginning however it does serve its purpose .
 Dave try to inflate tires , but inflator no start . Dave find gauge needle on wrong side of selection marker , meaning unit can not ever turn on . Graah ! Poor quality control make Dave ANGRY!Dave want to smash stupid plastic thing , but Dave fear this may invalidate return policy.UPDATE
 I purchased this for school to be used as a multipurpose pump.The blurb stated that it had an inflation needle for balls and valves for inflating a variety of items ... . it did n't come with any attachments and trying to contact amazon and the vendor has been a dead end ... . so as far as customer support that has been a dead end.The power cord is only 1 ft long so I have to use an extension cord.The only real positive is being able to set the psi by rotating a dial.The hose is also short , we have a bike program at our school so that when I have to inflate bike tires I have to use two chairs , one for the pump and one for the bike so that I can put the wheel of the bike on a chair and the pump on a chair next to it ... . its not an easy thing to do.The pressure gauge is on the only plus for this pump.Knowing what I know I would not recommend this pump for purchase it simply has too many issues and forget customer service .
 As others have mentioned , the fuse on the AC power supply is a problem . It is soldered in , and not replaceable by most people . Mine just went with a little less than a year of occasional use . I have n't replaced it yet so I do n't know if there 's a bigger problem than just the fuse . It does still work on the DC side . Because of this I ca n't recommend the unit .
 We bought it to inflate a small bouce house . The first time we used it , it stopped working within 10 minutes before the bounce house is inflated .
 Some things you ca n't tell until it arrives at your house
 1 . The valve adaptor -LRB- that mates to the tire valve stem -RRB- is made of plastic . My experience is that these are typically metal . It broke on the fifth tire I tried to fill up , without any particularly excessive force .2 . The on/off button is located underneath where the 12V power cord is stored . So even if you are using the AC/plug , you still have to remove the unused 12V cord and have it lay next to the unit .3 . The setting for pressure target is convenient , but not close to accurate . I set the target at 30 psi and filled car tires , per the gauge , and my tpms still reported low pressure . Measured with a couple of different pressure gauges , and they read back 26 to 27psi .2 & 3 I can work around , and I would otherwise have rated the unit maybe 3 stars . But with plastic where there should be metal , and that the unit has already broken and become unusable on the first day I tried to use it , I have to recommend DO N'T BUY!I will try to get Black & Decker to replace the valve adaptor , and will see how their customer service goes . If they do replace it , I will have to unfortunately be &#34; extra gentle &#34; in using it .
 This thing is n't good . Just buy a real compressor . You have to set a dial to the pressure you want , plug it in , and it goes until that level is reached and cuts off . No way to just press a button and air comes out . I regret this purchase .
 I liked everything about this unit until the internal fuse blew on it after 3 years of occasional use . As another reviewer states , you can replace it easily enough if you 're willing to crack open the unit and solder in a new one on the circuit board , but if that does n't sound attractive then consider yourself warned . A shame really ; everything else about it is great .
 This unit works as advertised initially but not when plugged into car power supply after 20 or so inflations . I used it to inflate a slow leaking tire on my vehicle and to inflate my son 's toys occasionally . I would return the unit but it has been over a year since I purchased it and it still works if I plug it in to a wall socket . Very helpful tool if it were more durable and reliable . As it is I would not count on this tool or purchase again !
 Purchased brand new , mine crapped out on me after a grand total of three uses . Made predominantly from cheap plastic . The cords are unwieldy , no one thought about practical utility . In my opinion this product should not bear the name of a U.S. company .
 Obviously these inflators are not built to stand up under even light usage . Like several others reviewers , my inflator died in the middle of adding a couple of psi to a set of tires . Since this is something that is not user repairable , I have to take it 20 miles to the B&D repair center so they can order a new one under warranty . This is particularly annoying because this one was a replacement for my original one that had the same problem . I 'm seriously considering just buying a different brand .
 The system is designed in such a way that you have to pull the 12v cord out of small storage location to get at the power switch . Therefore if you are using the 120v plug , you have to pull out the 12 volt cord anyway , and it just kind of flops around . The power switch should not be buried in this little cubby hole behind the 12v cord . Oddly , the 120v cord and the inflation hose are very short , just like in the picture , which means you have to place the unit very close to power , and right next to whatever you are inflating . Poor design . Otherwise , the inflator blows things up as advertised .
 This item is way over the cost , I had gone camping and had brought along a small air compressor that I purchased for 9.99 at Big Lots . After 1 hr my air mattress had enough air to sleep on it . First thing I did when I got back was to look for a new air pump . Based on the reviews , the description and the name -LRB- Black and Decker -RRB- I purchased this one . Tried it the same day I received it , NOPE same amount of air being pushed out as the cheep 9.99 one . Still took over 1 hr to blow up the mattress . Returned item .
 I used this moderately 3 times over maybe 6months , and on the 4th time , it cut out just as I turned it on . There is no replaceable fuse ... so that 's $ 45 thrown away . Avoid this product .
 This product worked a total of FIVE SECONDS and that was it ! Just the motor ran , did not produce ANY air . Returned for refund !
 My product died after 20 month , and was not used very much . Was a little slow in pumping up car tire . Pressure reading on dial is very inaccurate . Having 2 types of power cords is nice -LRB- car and wall outlet -RRB- . But , the power cord for the wall is too short . Good price point , but not sure if worth it .
 I had the Airstation for about two couple years , but I only used it 5-10 times . It has now stopped working on AC power , and it puts out less air than it used to on DC power . This product will only frustrate you when you need it .
 I 've had this for just under a year . Today it stopped working on AC power and only works on the cigarette lighter adapter . I 'm going to try to return it through B&D . It worked fine before then . The version I have n't does n't have a fuse in the back as pictured . This is the 2nd B&D product I 've bought in the last two years that 's been defective . If I get a refund I wo n't be buying this one again .
 I have been using this little compressor for over two years and loved it . I say loved , past tense , because it suddenly would not power up on AC or DC and after reading , calling , emailing , checking ... it does not have a serviceable fuse . Such a small thing , but obviously planned obsolescence . Maybe B&D does n't want you to be able to keep it going long enough to wear out . I was very disappointed , because I really liked many of the features that people have mentioned and if I had reviewed this 3 days ago I would have given it 4 or 5 stars ! If you want something to last more than two years , this is not the unit to buy .
 Received air compressor from Amazon and tried it out.Bicycle tires . Compressor comes with standard schrader tire filler and also although you could n't tell from the manufacturer 's data , adapters for sports balls and guessing bicycle presta valves . I say guessing for the presta valves as it works so poorly it is hard to imagine it was designed for such , but looking at it , hard to imagine it was meant for anything else . With effort , managed to fill one bike tire using it but decided that would be it . Ended up cutting off the manufacturer supplied filler and installing my own presta filler.Unit is fairly noisy , not such a big deal but not pleasant to listen to either . Taking a 700C tire from 60 lbs to 105 lbs took about 1 minute . Using my own filler , once in place , was a hands free operation.As others have noted , both the AC power cord and the air hose are pretty short . There is a DC power cord that is substantially longer , probably long enough to where you could plug it into the 12VDC accessory in your car and use it to inflate tires on same.Switch is hidden on the back of the unit . I would rather it was on top.Also took the opportunity to fill car tires . Smallish tires , low profile for Infinity sedan , going from 36 lbs to 42 lbs took on the order of 5 minutes . Ok for a tire , if you had many to do , probably quicker to drive to the gas station.Unit is ok for the price . Giving it only 3 stars out of five for the short cord and hose and the lack of a decent presta valve adapter.PS . Unit died 1 week after Amazon return ended . Still functions in DC , but the AC no longer does .
 to fill an auto tire , set the desired PSI to the highest setting possible then disconnect when reached if you are lucky . anything lower and the pump shuts off almost immediately .
 Considering its not something used every day it should have lasted longer.stopped working today . 2 years 10 months . I used it about once a month.I will be conservative and say It was used 50 times max . It worked ok . A little slow and noisy . Gauge is hard to read . All in all I would n't suggest this unit .
 In spite of how slow it was , this seemed really handy at first , and the auto shut off feature is really slick . Unfortunately , as long as it worked , it was so loud I literally wore hearing protection every time I used it.It stopped working after I had topped off I guess more than a dozen but less than 20 tires . I believe the internal fuse blew - should n't have been a big deal . This was when I discovered that it truly is a disposable product . They sell no parts for it , and even the Black & Decker service facility I took the compressor to could not replace the fuse ! I did not have my receipt so they refused to replace it . They did offer to throw it away for me and I let them.I know the modern trend is to build everything in China and replace it when it breaks . But an air compressor turned permanently into junk because you ca n't even replace the fuse ? And a company like Black & Decker that just expects you to buy another one ? The competing product from Slime is much more highly rated so I just ordered one of those . I guess I will try to avoid Black and Decker products from this point forward .
 This little inflator is not as good as the Kobalt 12V/120V air inflator they carry in your local Lowe 's Hardware store . The Kobalt has all the same features as the Black and Decker , for $ 39.00 , including the auto shutoff when the desired pressure is reached . I found the Kobalt a more compact unit , with the same features , for alot less money . It even comes with two spare valve caps plus all the other inflator accessories . Did n't see the Kobalt inflator on Amazon.com . Too bad .
 I bought the Black & Decker ASI300 Air Station Inflator in 2007 . It stopped inflating in AC mode after 2 years . Like an idiot , I bought another one because of my trust in the Black & Decker name from years ago , and thinking I got a lemon . Well , here it is 3 years later and guess what , you got it , it has stopped inflating in AC mode . First time , shame on B&D , second time shame on me . That said , please learn from my experience and do not buy this product .
 Worked great the first 3 times - died on the 4th . Basically , this is a toy and nothing more . Black & Decker has gone down hill in recent years and this a perfect example .
 I was using it to inflate snow tubes for sledding . It inflated the first one fine . On the second one it was difficult to get the inflator hose end piece inserted properly into the snow tube valve . Tried running it , but it kicked off immediately . Tried several times to restart it . I called Black and Decker and they said to either return it to Home Deport or take it to a service center . I was hoping they could be more helpful than that .
 I purchased this to fill my boat trailer tires and my Deere garden tractor tires . No such luck . This unit does not have the strength to fill these tires even though it states it 's good for tires . It did work well on some smaller 15 psi tires I have , but anything over that , I wish you luck . Bottomline , I have not been able to find the right machine for my needs , looks like I will go ahead and just spend the hundreds of $ $ $ for a full scale air compressor . Amazon was a no hassle return , so that was nice .
 I bought the AS1300 from Amazon in January 2008 . Used it 4 or 5 times a year for car tires and snowblower . Worked fine until today when it would not start.I looked at the reviews of other failures and tried it with the DC . That worked.It 's hard to believe that a company like Black & Decker can not fix this defect.I obviously do not recommend buying this product .
 Who designed this thing , the government ? Hard to imagine why they placed the on-off switch to sit deep in a cavity buried by the long DC power cord . Or why they designed the air tube and AC power cord to be only a foot long each , thus extremely limiting its usefulness . Also , why put the adapters on the bottom?It functions well , the auto-shutoff feature works , but it is a pain to use in general and lowers the amount of joy in the world .
 I have had this unit for a few years and used it for filling up basketballs and some tires . Airing up my truck tires to 80 psi from about 25 psi is an all-day job . This unit is not designed for that level of air pushing . And today I fried it by running for about 15 minutes to pressurize some plumbing for a test . It did n't make it to 100 psi before smoke started billowing out and the unit quit . These machines should have thermal switches which cut off the machine before it kills itself . If all you 're ever going to do is fill bike tires and balls , this is fine . For anything more , you need something bigger .
 The size and function of this thing work well and it was great while it worked . I used it for balls , bike tires and the occasional car tire.However I have had two now both of which have stopped working after about six/nine months . I suspect an internal fuse is blown but since it can not be replaced the unit is effectively dead.It pains me to have put two in a landfill for such a short and light operating life.Please do n't buy more and black and decker might take note and make a better product .
 I purchased one of these several months ago and have probably used it 5 times . After the 5th time it stopped working . The problem from what I have been able to discern is a blown fuse that is soldered inside the unit . If you Google this product you will see that this is a very common issue and many owners have experienced the same issue some repeatedly . Since I ca n't use this anymore to fill up tires I am going to use it to fill up the inside of my trash can .
 This pump was useful for a while . I bought it to fill up our car tires and because it could run on AC or DC from the car . Buyer beware that it has an internally soldered fuse -LRB- read that as not one that you can replace -RRB- . After a few uses the fuse blew on mine , and after looking at posts about how I might fix it by soldering a new one into place , I decided to save the time and get a Slime branded one instead . It turns out that the Slime one is quieter , and it has lasted for over a year longer than this B&D model . Only downside to the Slime pump is that it only runs on DC from the car , but that has n't been a problem .
 I used this unit two times before it stopped working . The unit would light up as if it was functional , but not pump air . I adjusted the pressure sensor all the way o the right -LRB- highest setting -RRB- . I tried turning the unit off/on and got the same results . I unplugged the unit thinking it would reset the pressure sensor , but when powered on the needle showed at 0 while the pressure sensor was at at the max 160psi . I had read reviews that the AC side would blow a fuse , so I tried the DC power , same results , gauge lit up and showed the needle at 0 and the pressure sensor at 160 . you would think for $ 50 the unit would last more than a couple of days .
 I got to use mine three times
 The product worked for ~ 15 seconds then died . It could have been a lemon but that 'd speak to poor B&D ; quality control if so.In re Amazon 's return policy - 5 stars ! Incredible .
 I thought I had found a great , convenient little unit for inflating car tires , balls , etc. , around the home . But , to cut to the chase , this has been an unreliable unit . As other reviewers have noted , the deeply-buried internal fuse blows , rendering the unit useless . B&D says ship it back , but how many times can someone do that before it gets ridiculous ? It 's a bad cost-saving design , pure and simple . I 'll invest more for a higher quality one next time . Lesson learned .
 The unit works great when it works . However , it stops working after a few uses . Checked couple 1-star comments . One had disassemble the unit and found the fuse good . I had disassemble the unit . The AC input of the transformer has open circuit . Most likely , the input is burnt after an inflation of an air castle . The DC input still works . But it is very unconvenient every time to inflate a basket ball , I have to bring it to a car .
 On the third use , the plastic piece that locks on the tire valve stem broke off , rendering this purchase completely useless . I 'll definitely be contacting Black & Decker for a refund . It 's a shame , because otherwise this product would rate five stars .
 The cables are too short and the power switch is inside ! Not worth returning , but certainly not easy to use
 I 've owned a Type 1 Air Station for years , but finally the nozzle wore out . As a result , I received the new model for Christmas and , boy , is it a weak replacement.My earlier hose was sturdy and over eight feet long ; the new one is flimsier and about two feet . As you might expect , the power cord is similarly shrunken . The new machine lacks the former 's power ; it 's passable for a wheelbarrow tire and such , but if a person needs to inflate more than a couple of pounds into a car or truck tire , he should pack a lunch . The plastic case that the cords are supposed to tuck into is brittle as is the hinge to seal things in . The worst feature , though , is that the power switch is tucked up inside behind the folded cigarette lighter cord . In fact , a person needs to reach around the upper open lid , down inside this compartment , and behind where the power cord goes into the body . I find it incredible that this design ever made it off the drawing board . I 'm no ergonomic engineer , but this placement of the power switch defies belief . On the plus side , the feature that shuts off the pump automatically is nice , but I would guess most people will be there monitoring the pump 's progress in any case . This AS1300 mess has been returned as many likely have been . Good for grannies and a stray air mattress , but I 'd recommend that most folks keep looking for a stronger product.As for me , I 'm trying now to replace just the nozzle on my old Air Station and leave well enough alone .
 So I bought this mainly to inflate my bike 's tires which are rated at 100 psi , which is why I 'm not particularly upset that it has to be plugged into SOMETHING cigarette lighter/socket at all times - there is no internal battery that is charged , so if you 're inflating your car tire by the road , what the picture does n't show is the cord stretching inside the car.The `` universal fitting '' fits poorly onto my tire stem and so essentially while pressing downwards with one hand I have to make a seal around the bottom with my left hand . The inflator took about 3 minutes to get the tire somewhat firm - everyone is correct about the reader being inaccurate , so either the inflator is physically unable to go above 40 psi - which is possible - or it fails to read higher than 40 psi . Needless to say the clever auto-shut off does not work as a result.Unfortunately I do n't think `` this inflator sucks '' falls into Amazon 's return policy so I 'm stuck with it . I 'd give it 2 stars if it was $ 15 instead of the $ 30 I bought it at because it does get my tire somewhat firm at which point I can use my hand pump to take it the rest of the way - but would I buy it again given the chance ? Hell No
 I purchased my first Black-n-Decker air station in 2009 . It worked well for about one year and then it would not work on AC power , but continued to work on DC for another year before completely giving up . Bought another B-n-D air station several months ago as a replacement for airing bicycle and golf cart tires . Since purchasing , I have used it twice for airing up bicycle tires ... and now it will not work on AC or DC . I will attempt to return the unit and get a refund if possible . . I would consider a different AC/DC compressor if you want reliability .
 Worked well on one tire on household current . Stopped on second tire , and that function has n't worked since . Worked on one tire off of the car battery . I 'm expecting it to break on the second . Unfortunately paperwork was thrown out . Obviously a common problem , and a cheap product . Would NOT recommend .
 The product is complete - but it appears to cheaply made - it takes a LONG TIME to add air to tires . I am going to return this unit and look for something else .
 I do n't know if I got a lemon but this thing took an hour to blow up a small inflatable pool . I filled up a huge inflatable raft using a different compressor in about ten minutes . Returned this puppy the next day .
 do n't expect this compressor to fill up anything other than a beach ball . bought it for my rv to keep the tires inflated . took 20 MINUTES to go from 40-80 psi , then got extremely hot and either seized or the -LRB- non-replaceable -RRB- fuse blew . plastic connectors are cheap . spend another 50 bucks and save yourself the trouble .
 This inflator is worthless . It makes a lot of noise , has short cords and tubes , and can hardly inflate . You can pump a basketball with it , but do n't try it on anything bigger -LRB- like a boat or a tire -RRB- unless you have the day to spare because that 's how much time it 'll take it.Piece of junk , do n't waste your money .
 i ordered this product coz it mentioned it could reach 200 psi but when i used it to fill up portable airtank , its giving up . cant give the specified pressure . its not heavy duty . only for a small job & tyres .
 I also bought this at Lowe 's and not Amazon . I wish I would have read the reviews on here before purchasing as I would have saved myself some money.I bought this station primarily for inflating air mattresses when camping . The AC/DC choice was perfect . Unfortunately it takes about 20 mins to blow up a standard size mattress.As others have mentioned , the device is very loud . Having to listen to that thing for 20mins minimum in a camp ground or house is taxing on the nerves . If your use is for air mattress , then I suggest getting the battery operated ones that are sold in the camping gear section.If you are only doing bike tires , it 's tolerable . Slow , but tolerable .
 The B&D ASI300 Air Station Inflator seems to work OK on bicycle tires , but it DOES N'T WORK AT ALL on car tires .
 Used it 3 times for about 30 minutes total then died . Totally dead now . Does not work on either AC or DC . Opened it up and the motor coil was open . I really liked it when it was working and I liked being able to run it on AC or DC . Wish it had lasted longer .
 There seems to be an inherent flaw in the concept of moving the dial to the air pressure desired and actually having the unit do this.I 've now returned two units as the dial did n't work correctly and then unit over-inflated tires.the basic concept is great , just needs more fine tuning . I like the dual power concept and that is the primary reasoned I purchased it in the beginning .
 First try got my portable air tank to 80psi in 15 minutes . Then zero . No pressure , no pumping.Took back to B&D ; repair facility -LSB- 60miles , one way , or I could have shipped , my expense -RSB- . Replacement mailed to me in a week . Plugged in . Inflated hand truck tire to 40 psi OK . Then attempted portable tank refill to 100 psi setting . Zilch . Would not pump . Took back to B % D , another $ 20 in gas plus my time . Refund coming to me in 2 t0 6 weeks . Not worth the risk .
 This air station/compressor is a piece of junk . First of all the ac power cord is only about 12 '' long so you must supply an extension cord . The compressor takes a long time to do its job even on a bicycle tire . The air pressure dial/setting is way off . You must set it at least 10lbs above the desired inflation .
 The product itself is nice and compact . Looks great . How it works is the problem . There are two major problems.As other reviewers have stated it shuts off when it hits the set PSI . Then you have to flip the power switch on the back off and back on to inflate another tire . Also the set PSI feature does n't work well when inflating sports balls that needs less than 10 psi . The machine just immediately shuts off without pushing any air . You have to set the limit high and trick the machine.The second big problem I discovered is the AC cable and the air hose are both extremely short . I mean like a foot each . I was trying to put air in the wheels of a stroller and it took a lot of juggling to get it done . It also has a DC cable for plugging into a cigaret lighter . That cable is fairly long . But a longer air hose is what is needed.As I said these are the two major problems . There are other little things that bother me but these two caused me to return the compressor . It might be ok if you only use it twice a year to inflate a flat tire and some summer toys but if you want something you can rely on look elsewhere .
 I 'm on my third unit - and it just failed.This is a great little unit in that it runs on AC or DC , and has an auto shut-off . Problem is , they keep blowing fuses - even when used very carefully - and the fuse is permanently wired into a circuit board and ca n't be replaced . Bah!The idea of this machine is convenience - which it does n't provide because of its poor electrical design and complete lack of reliability.Apparently some of the units work OK , but I suspect that these are units that are mostly used for very low pressure work . If you need to pump something up to more than 40 psi I suspect that most of them will fail . Too bad B&D ; rates this thing for 160 psi . I 'm really surprised that with all the excellent products they make that they are peddling this POS .
 This item is so chock full of design flaws , it really serves only one purpose , namely , an emergency air pump to have in your car if you decide that you are so prone to flat tires that this is a necessity.First the positives
 obviously the designer of this inflator never tried to use it . the power cord is far to short , the inflator hose is far to short . then to really show the idioticy , the off/on switch is buried beneath the 12 volt power cord on the back side of the unit .
 This product does not contain a device for fitting into a car tire . The product I bought is not shown on the drop-down listing .
 I needed an air compressor to fill up the tires on my motorcycle and on my car . Ask yourself what you need it for.I can tell you that for my needs I could do just as well with a $ 15 12v air compressor -LRB- the ones that plug into the cigarette lighter of your car -RRB- . I purchased one of those after returning this Black and Decker item . And I can take a tire from 15 psi to 35 psi in under 5 minutes with the $ 15 12v air compressor.So for this item which costs over 50 dollars for me it was major overkill . That being said the one that Amazon sent me was also defective and refused to power on after I finished one tire.But regardless of that I can tell you that for most home consumers this thing is overkill and it really is loud as hell . I mean obnoxiously loud . I mean loud enough to anger your neighbors loud . Its TOO LOUD !
 The cord is very very short , that is true , but I was able to overlook it and its slow pumping ... However after using it about 10 times , the pump broke . Unfortunately , have had it too long for warranty , just had n't utilized it very often . What a waste of money .
 Noisy , slow , awkward , hard to disconnect from tire , impossible to re-store the hose and DC cord once you take them out . Should have believed the other reviews ...
 The first time I used this product it failed . I was able to add air to one vehicle tire , but the Black & Decker ASI300 stopped working when adding air to the second tire . The Black & Decker ASI300 has not worked since .
 The inflator I got only last me less then 2 month with 3 use on my kid 's bike and it went dead on me . I call the warrenty center , gladly they replace it right of way . Not sure if the replacement will go dean in 3 use again or less then 2 month .
 I bought this little machine because I believed it to be very handy , but was anything but . The cord to plug into the wall was way to short . When I tried to use the cigarette light to plug in , it would not even come on . I tried useing the wall outlet with extention cord but unit would not work . I was able to inflate a basktball first before it quit . Shipped it back . Amazon was very good about this and made it a pleasure . As far as the inflator , search for something else.Air pump
 I got one of these inflators as a gift and it 's been sitting in my closet for a year . I finally took it out to use on my mini van tires -LRB- 36psi -RRB- and spend an hour trying to get it to do anything but make noise . The most I got was 1/2 pound inflation . I tossed it and went to the gas station . What a waste . Maybe for toys and beds but not for tires .
 I returned this item when I saw that the part of the machine that attaches to the valve stem is made of plastic instead of metal . It seems inevitable that at some point this was going to fail .
 Used this B&D ; twice to top up air in car tires . Unit stopped working on third attempt.Have to travel 75 miles to get it checked out ! -LRB- no I do not live in a village -RRB- as only certain B&D ; service centers will repair.AC cord and air hose too short.Noisy .
 As noted by others , a tiny internal fuse is guaranteed to blow with regular use . The fuse is not a user serviceable part . Had B&D ; designed the unit with a user replaceable fuse , replacement would be a minor annoyance . However , the complexity of replacing the fuse means that this product is a disposable unit that will clog landfills needlessly.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I agree with most of the positive reviews of this product
 I got this product because I liked the Air Station I had in the past . The compressor seems fine for normal tasks . The auto off feature is nice , but not a need to have . The power cord is literally a foot or two long . You have to have an extension cord to use it ! The DC power cord is 12 feet long . I just do n't get that ... I 'd not buy this product again .
 I would like to have known that the inflator cord was so short.For me it was difficult for inflating my car tires.Unit will shut off near desired pressure but you have to keep adding more air.I bought a black and decker air inflator 25 years ago and it ran circles around this one .
 I would have taken my own photos to illustrate some of these issues , but I already returned the unit.Pros : * Small * Lightweight * Easy to useCons : * Sharp plastic edges * Easy to lose adapters that clip under the unit . Peculiar place for them , since the AC & air hose have their own protected spot.And here 's the biggest con , also the reason I opted to return it and find another product ... * HORRIBLE placement of the power switch . This is where I feel the unit falls seriously short . The power switch is actually up IN the storage compartment for the 12v DC cord . It 's a rocker switch allowing you to choose either AC or DC , with OFF being the middle position . Since the unit shuts itself off when it reaches the set pressure , you will need to access this switch frequently . Since it shares the compartment with the DC cable , this means that the DC cord will have to be unpacked and left dangling in the way when you 're on AC power . The sharp plastic edges will rear their ugly head at this point , and if you have larger hands like I do , it can be very unwieldy to have to reach in to toggle the power switch on and off every time you change over to a new tire.The awful placement of the power switch and the fact that you have to have the 12v cord unpacked is very carefully NOT visible in the product images .
 The Black and Decker Airstation has been useless to me . My first time using it , after less than a minute of pumping , the unit refused to work . It would simply not run . Come to find out that it had blown an internal fuse . This fuse is not even socketed , so it is a pain to replace . After replacing , the next time I used it , it again blew a fuse . This was not a high pressure or strenuous inflation job . I never went above 40 PSI -LRB- unit says it can do 160 -RRB- , and never more than 60 seconds of running time . Totally worthless - buy something else .
 I used this tool twice.The first time it performed splendidly , quickly pumping up my tire.The second time I tried it , about a week later it did n't work at all.A quick search on the web led me to believe this is a common problem ... there seems to be an easily blown , but hard to replace fuse soldered inside the unit.I do n't like relationships with equipment that entail soldering.In the past , I used a cheap disposable -LRB- $ 6.00 -RRB- harbor freight compressor , which happily inflated a handful of tires before it went to meet its maker.The black & decker compressor pumped up one ... so the cost per tire works out to be about $ 49.00 per tire.I have other black & decker power tools that have worked well and have proven to be reliable ... So I know all their stuff is n't crap .
 I bought this to replace a cordless inflator I owned that recently stopped working after many years . I liked the built in pressure gauge feature . When I took it out of the box to use , my first impression was that it felt like a toy . I tried to use it to inflate my car tire , I set the pressure to 32psi but it immediately jumped to over 80psi and then shut off . I took out my handheld pressure gauge and set the machine on its highest setting so it wouldnt shut off and proceeded to inflate the tire and checking the pressure every so often . Doesnt work as claimed , no hands free/no-worry / set to pressure and forget ... Not accurate , toy-like , not recommended .
 I purchased this black and Decker air pump based on my last pump by Black and Decker . This pump was a big disappointment . The Air hose is very short and AC cord is even shorter . My last pump hat a 3-foot air hose and 6 foot Line cord and lasted 25 years . It would pump up my truck tire in 5 to 10 minutes.This pump takes 45 minutes to put 8 lbs of air in my truck tire . The air valve is too small to easily attach to tire valves . Tractor tire is very difficult to air up because of the short air line.Over all I rate this pump as very poor . I suggest do not purchase this model .
 My new air station replaces one I bought about 15 years ago . Compared to the old one , the new one inflates much more slowly , has a harder to read gauge , is larger , and has much shorter cords . Definitely a huge step backward .
 I 'll start with the positives : It looks good . The inflator concept is a good one.That 's it . The actual product is pure garbage . The lines are short -LRB- I can deal with that -RRB- . The motor is louder than any car engine made after 1980 -LRB- no big deal , keep it in the garage -RRB- . So , it 's been knocked down to 3 stars until you flip the switch and ... NOTHING HAPPENS.Could it be I have a bad electrical outlet ? It must be . After all , this thing has had less than 2 hours of use . It 's been kept in the original box except when in use . The first and last time I used it was to inflate pool toys . I do n't expect it to fill a dragster tire , just rings and beach balls for my kids . So I swith outlets and ... NOTHING HAPPENS.A quick web search reveals that the fuse is faulty . I take it apart , grab my Fluke meter and this is indeed the problem . I 've studied engineering and understand that in a compact unit , you ca n't give the customer everything easily . That being said , PUT THE FUSE WHERE IT CAN BE EASILY CHANGED . All in all , I could n't be more disappointed . The fuse can be swapped by cutting it out and soldering in a new one , but forget it . I 'd rather do a little more research and buy a product worth having . No more time will I waste on this thing.Black and Decker was a solid name when I was a kid . Now I understand why Stanley tool bought brand .
 I bought this product mainly to keep air pressure in our vehicles -- does n't do the job very well -- takes a long time and still not sufficient inflation on my truck . Does footballs/basketballs/bike tires ok .
 Before you order this pump online , check to see how far away you are from a B&D service center . Mine developed a fast internal leak that let more air out than it ever put in . Now , to be fair , B&D will replace the pump with a brand new one and I 'm satisfied with that . But that 's only because I live 20 minutes away from an authorized service center . Many people live much further away . Use B&D 's service center locater on their website to find out how far YOU are away from your service center because if you have to drive far or ship the pump that time and $ $ will cost you .
 we got this as a wedding present and had it just about a year before it just flat out stop working . We used it to inflate bike tires and van tires a couple times . After it stopped working my husband opened it up , an electrical guy , and said the fuse was blown . Unfortunately the fuse is not made to be replaced . After reading other reviews we found that this happens a lot . Very disappointed .
 I purchased the Black and Decker Air Station in July 2010 . I read many of the reviews and anticipated I could live with some of the issues stated previously by other owners . I specifically wanted an AC inflator and this was a similar unit that I had for about 5 years -LRB- Black and Decker also -RRB- . I received the inflator and it worked well and up to my expectations until about 2 weeks ago , when the inflator stopped working . There were other reviewers also stating premature failure , but thought it was worth a shot . It was a decent inflator but reliability appears to be a real problem when life expectancy is about 5 months .
 Great machine until it 's 10th use . Simply stopped working and there is no way to repair it if out of warranty . Was n't abused in any way . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ! Spend a few more bucks and buy a better quality compressor !!
 when I first got this it worked good , when it was a little over a year old -LRB- about a dozen uses -RRB- the fuse in the unit blew and it quit working . I thought that was a expensive unit for about a dozen uses .
 Why is Amazon charging full price for this but claiming it cost $ 90 . Lowes sells it for $ 49 also . It was $ 40 about 3 4 months ago .
 It worked reasonably well for the short time it worked , and the other day while adding some air to the car tire , it just quit.There is no fuse on the AC side , and I opened it up to see there is a small fuse on the circuit board . The fuse did not look like something you can get at Radio Shack or home improvement store , so I will have to go to the B&D ; Service Center to exchange it ; it 's a good thing it has 2-year warranty , but just to get to the service center will be a hassle as they do not have late or weekend hours.Somewhat disappointed .
 The fuse was burnt after about 1 year of light usage . Replaced the fuse and it worked for another month . Then , the fuse got burnt again . Replaced the fuse again , and it did n't work . I just do n't bother to fix it again and will have to buy a different brand this time .
 The AC power cord and the air hose are both very short making the use complicated and almost always requiring an extension power cord . Furthermore , the car power cord is connected to and must be stored right next to the on/off button . As a result , you must deal with that car power cord every time you use the pump , even if not connected to the car power .
 I purchased the Black & Decker AS1300 air compressor . The built in gauge did n't work . It was about 20 pounds off . I called Black & Decker and was told the gauge on this model was not accurate and to purchase the model ASI500 with a digital gauge . Black & Decker is selling a model that they are aware the gauge does n't work . Do yourself a favor . Shop around and buy another model.air
 Mine lasted only two or three months . B&D would not help . Ended up tossing in county recycle .
 Valve inflator head broke after the first use . They used thin plastic . I hope they will do some improvement on their quality . It 's made in china anyway . .
 Main negative is that it is basically a 12V pump . The 120 plug in just feeds a 12V transformer -LSB- like a cell phone charger -RSB- and the pump is DC and the output is really low . Ok for a lawn mower or bike tire , but go have a sandwich and a nap if you 're trying to pump up a car tire . Had a B&D ; Air Station many years ago that was 120 only and while it does not have the pressure of a big pump , it got the job done much faster than this one . Anyway the 120 side went bad -LSB- after warranty -RSB- so can only use it with a battery.For $ 50 you can find a better air pump .
 I bought this being a fan of past Black & Decker products . They typically have very nice features and overall clean designs . This was no different so I bought it . It worked initially but after about a months use it died . I ended up returning it . First time I had issue with a new product from B&D . I then bought a differnt model AS1500 from Black & Decker which is not quite as intuitive to operate , but does work and works well . I would recommend that model instead of this one .
 Do not buy , item is junk . Tried inflating a small pool toy and it took a very long time . Compared to my old B&D air station which broke after 10 years of use , this item does not output any air . Very disappointed !
 I originally bought this product about 4 years ago and I just finished go through a 2nd one . The first one I bought stopped working when my friend borrowed it and he kindly bought me another one . But , this second one stopped working on the sametime as the first one . I do n't know what caused this . I use it occasionally and it was great and fast , but I have to look for another one now!Update 10/22/12 - I was on the second one after my first one did not work and my friend got me another one . However , this second one just died this year . So , I had one from my original purchase in 2008 and then this second one from 2010 to this year . I am definitely not happy with the quality control of Black & Decker air compressor .
 I read the reviews and decided for the price I would give it a shot . I 'm a single mom who often has flat bike tires , inflatable toys and the occasional flat tire before work to deal with . I thought this would be perfect for the limited use I needed from it . I used it one day , heard a loud pop and it does n't work anymore . I can only assume that it was a blown fuse as mentioned in other reviews . I 'm not going to waste my time taking it apart to see if I can fix it myself -LRB- which I 'm not above doing -RRB- . Thank goodness for Amazon and their return policy . It 's going back today and I 'm going to start looking for a small air compressor instead , I 'd advise anyone looking at this product to do the same .
 Maybe I expected too much . Or maybe I got a lemon . Whatever the case may be ... I had to return this . I bought this specifically to take to the beach to blow up 4 regular-sized rafts -LRB- the rectangular kind you lay on in the water . It took about 50 minutes for this inflator to blow up the rafts . Maybe that is acceptable for some people . But for me , it was a waste of 50 minutes that I could have spent with my family , but instead , I was up at the car blowing up rafts while they were in the ocean enjoying themselves.I can blow up the raft faster than this thing . So I returned and will consider buying a better one next year . Disappointing to say the least.But Amazon was very quick to refund my money . That is why I will continue to buy from Amazon ! I have not had to return very many things to Amazon . But when I have , they have ALWAYS been very helpful and very quick to issue my refund once I send the item back . I love Amazon!If you want something that will inflate an item quickly , I would suggest that you steer clear of this inflator . It works , but it takes a ridiculous amount of time in my opinion .
 Do n't buy this item . I can not even contact the seller that changed names . Within a month it just broke . Cheap plastic , waste of money . Buy something other than plastic .
 We 've owned two of these now and , while they work well at first , both failed in less than a year of moderate use -LRB- blowing up pool toys , topping off normal-size car and bike tires -RRB- . They still make noise -LRB- LOTS of noise -RRB- , but do n't inflate . Home Depot replaced it for us the first time , and we 'd hoped we just had a dud , but the second unit suffered the same fate , in about the same amount of time.I do n't think we mis-used it at all . Probably brought it out every 2-3 weeks on average ... meaning it died in approximately 12-15 uses . Unfortunately , I just do n't think it 's well made or at all durable.Like others I see here , the failure point for our unit , both times , was the fuse , which is soldered to the unit and can NOT be replaced , which seems silly to the extreme.It 's compact , easy to use and when it works , it works well . The bad part is that it just does n't work for long .
 Very disappointed . Bought it to take on our vacation to Tahoe . Wanted to use it to blow up the rafts and a mattress . It was too slow and we wound up blowing up manually . A lousy product . Never would recommend it .
 I ordered this and it was delivered on time and as stated . The original compressor lasted 3 months before failing on the AC input . It was replaced by B&D at no charge . The replacement compressor lasted 6 months and again the AC input failed . After talking with customer service at B&D , they requested the second one be returned and upon it 's receipt a third replacement would be shipped at no charge . I was told by customer service the AC input circuit had been changed and would not fail as the first two had ! The third compressor lasted 9 months before the AC input again failed . I have the original and the failed 3rd compressor that both work on DC power . The AC input failures all made a loud &#34; POP &#34; noise and never worked after this happened . None of these compressors were used for anything other than car tires , bikes and a wheel barrow . My original B&D Air Station lasted for over 10 years before it failed . This unit is made in China and I ca n't advise anyone to buy it .
 The nozzle broke on only the second use . Unfortunately it was after the 30 day return policy so I am stuck with it . I should have listened to the countless other reviews on Amazon that said the same thing . The compressor itself seem alright , but it is useless when the nozzle breaks . I ca n't believe Black and Decker would make the most integral part of the unit out of such cheap material . I will never buy another Black and Decker product again . I could n't be more dissatisfied with this product . Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere . If you are depending on this pump to fill your tires on the side of the road in case of an emergency , you could n't pick a worse pump . It is highly unreliable .
 The power cord is ridiculously short , so the unit must be used with an extension cord unless you are just inflating a football on your workbench . Confusing and inconveniently placed switches . Unit has a tendency to shut off or blow fuses if You connect and push buttons in the wrong sequence . I like the feature to set a pressure then have it shut off automatically . Noisy but it does do the job .
 I got this compressor specifically because it was AC/DC . The fourth time I used it the AC plug just quit working . There isn ; t any reset for it , it just does n't work . The 12 volt works fine but I 'm apprehensive that will fail too.Airs up quick but I don ; t think the pressure gauge in accurate . There was an 8 and 9 PSI difference from this gauge and two seperate tier pressure gauges.Save your money !
 The first one I bought lasted about 2 months . I returned it , got my money back and bought another same kind -LRB- with an extended warranty of 1 year -RRB- . This one lasted 1 1/2 years . I only use it occasionally and took good care of it . I had one of another brand years ago and it lasted at least 10 years .
 It inflated a tire , so it gets a star . But , this has to be the worst piece of engineering I have seen in decades . No handle nor any way to carry it , except to wrap both hands around it ; short 120v cord and air hose ; a switch that can only be reached by removing the 12v cord ; and the switch is located inside the case . Just awful all the way around .
 This thing stopped working after 6 minor inflations . I had read others had this problem , but I decided to roll the dice . Black & Decker and other companies in the USA should stop putting their name on Chinese junk.I took it apart to see if there was a fuse inside that may have blown . No such luck . Removing the bottom panel reveals two electric motors , an ac/dc transformer , and a small circuit board . My guess is that a transistor or something on that board is what seems to fail for many people . I would not buy it again if given the choice .
 This seemed like a great product to fulfill my need for a compact air compressor for my bike tires . However the fuse blew after my third use and is not easily replaceable . I will be contacting Black & Decker for a refund . I would NOT recommend this product .
 I purchased the Black and Decker ASI300 Air Station 7 months ago and I ` ve used it about once every two weeks to top off my car tires . Just last week it would n't work when I plugged it into a wall socket to fill up my car tires , so I tried using the 12V car adapter and it too would n't work . After reading several reviews that said it was a bad fuse , I disassembled the unit and unsoldered the fuse from the circuit board to check the fuse for continuity . The fuse was fine but the unit still would n't work after re-assembly . My recommendation is that you stay away from the Black and Decker ASI300 Air Station Inflator and spend you money on something more reliable.Sincerely , Joe M.
 First off , I did not purchase this from Amazon . It was purchased from Lowe 's . I 'm writing this review for anyone thinking about getting the B&D ; ASI300 Air Station Inflator . One word . . DONT!I bought this inflator for the purpose of keeping my tires at the proper PSI . I used it one time to inflate all four tires of my car . The noise was acceptable , I did n't think it would be quiet . It took forever to get to 37 PSI , but once again acceptable for the little inflator . I started in on my spare tire and that 's when the inflator made a pop sound and would not turn on again . I figure a fuse inside of it blew . I spent $ 50 to inflate four tires one time . UNACCEPTABLE ! I returned it only 3 hours after purchasing it .
 About a year ago , I bought one of these . I topped off the tires on my family 's two cars . Yesterday , the TPMS warning on my car lit up . I used this again to top off my tires . On the fourth tire , about a second after I started it , I heard a little popping noise and it stopped working . This might just be a blown fuse , but there 's no easy access to check/replace it , and no mention of how to do so from the manual . Tech support is only opened M-F 8-5 eastern time , so I 'll have to wait to find out.So far , this pump has been good for topping off 11 tires before it failed .
 I just picked one of these up at Lowe 's . Everything else I 've ever bought that was made by Black & Decker was great , except this . I tried to fill an air tank I had which maxed out at 150 psi , I set the dial to 120 and let it run . About 10 minutes later it shut down , which it should do when it reaches the desired psi setting . In this case it had reached 85 psi and shut off . The unit smelled and felt very hot . After letting it cool , I was not able to get it running again . It may have blown a fuse , I 'm not sure , but in either case it should not have gotten so hot and shut off well before it hit it 's own limits . It looked like a nice unit , very handy , and good reviews found here which is why I bought it .
 I bought this product 2 years ago for car and bike tires . It works ok , but is very loud and slow . It takes about 10 minutes per car tire , and that is just to raise about 5 psi each . The noise is so loud that you need to set the pressure and then leave the garage , unless you put on hearing protection . I did like the auto shut off feature . I could have lived with the slowness and the noise if it were not for the fact that they keep breaking . The first one broke after about 1 and 1/2 years of use . The replacement only made it about six months . They just stop working . I am done with Black and Decker . -LRB- Come to think of it , I have never had a B & D product that worked very well ... -RRB-
 Vastly inferior to its predecessor product . Very disappointed . Ca n't understand how the same firm can come out with a product so INFERIOR to its predecessor . Ca n't even inflate the tire for a BMW750Li . Gauge is so imprecise , it casts aspersions on the product . I do feel like throwing it away . DO NOT BUY .
 Here 's the short and sweetPros :1 . Works well , looks good as well2 . Low noise and vibration -LRB- In my experience -RRB- 3 . AC & DC powered4 . Cords stored inside the unit in a compartment5 . Carrying handle6 . Auto shut-off featureCons :1 . Very hard to fit all cords back in the the unit . -LRB- I thought about cutting off the AC cord with a pair of pliers to make room -RRB- 2 . Handle at the back is awkward and fingers kept pressing against the power switch .3 . AC cord very short and the DC cord is not very long either4 . DC cord has to be removed from the compartment and plugged in the back each time .5 . The plastic top does not appear sturdy and the edges of the compartment 's lid are somewhat sharpI guess I was expecting better from the brand and for the price .
 I fill up bike tires for my kids , basketballs , soccer balls , dolly wheels and air mattresses and this is a piece of junk for me . I was willing to buy this and the Bon-Aire model at the same time , just knowing one version would be the clear winner `` out of the box '' , and I was right ! The Bon-Aire has MUCH long cords and hoses for simplicity . The Black and Decker ? YUK .
 Do n't waste your money ! I took delivery of this unit and the next day it was in the trash . I purchased this pump because the literature describes the pump as being able to deliver up to 160 psi . We have G rated tires on our RV that need 125 psi . The first time we attempted to top off a tire the compressor blew something inside and began leaking . I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing this unit .
 The only pro to this pump is that it pumps like a champ.The cons are : Smooth exterior , no handle , relatively heavy and therefore easy to drop.Extremely short air hose and AC power cord.Cover for the short hose and AC power cord , but no cover for the DC power cord , it comes unraveled in the trunk.The power button is located inside the DC power cord storage area so you either have to take out the DC power cord to get to the power switch or you have to try to force your fingers into the compartment to get it to turn on.Useless `` industrial '' add-ons of faux nuts which are just little plastic pieces that fall off .
 Great while it lasted , inflated my car and bicycle tires , 32 and 100 psi respectively , just fine and the automatic shutoff was reasonably accurately , compared to my tire pressure gauge . Developed an internal leak after about thirteen months and can no longer inflate my bicycle tires to the needed psi level .
 I bought this and have used it less than 5 times when something inside popped . I took the unit apart , and it appears as if an internal fuse has blown , which -LRB- of course -RRB- is non-replaceable . I owned a very average craftsman pump before this -LRB- which I paid roughly the same price -RRB- which lasted me 8 years . I have contacted B&D with no response . This is a piece of garbage , I 've been a black & decker fan for years . Not any more !
 I read the review and wish I had paid attention to review . Cords too short and on off switch in awful place . Terrible design .
 This thing has some sort of pressure detector that says it will stop inflating when there is enough air in the tire , basketball , etc. . But it 's worthless because it cut out 3 seconds after I turned it on and then would n't turn on again.Worthless -- I returned it .
 I had a great inflator . The power cord was 6 ' long and the air hose was another 6 ' . I could top up all four tires on a car without much trouble . I could inflate bike tires with the bike sitting on the floor . Lawn tractor tires - piece of cake . Sadly , after a long and useful life , it died.I replaced it with this one because it 's just about the only one you can find at Amazon , Lowes , Home Depot , or anywhere else . Black & Decker has flooded the market with this thing , to the exclusion of other companies and other products . It 's unfortunate , because this product sets a really , really low bar.The primary problem is the ridiculously short AC power cord and inflator hose . If your garage power outlet is at workbench height , as most are , then you 'll need to leave this on your workbench or add -LRB- at your own expense and hassle -RRB- an extension cord . 12 '' of AC power is useless . Couple that with the ridiculously short inflator hose -LRB- another 12 '' or so -RRB- and you have a solution where anything you want to inflate has to be within 2 feet of an electrical outlet . If your car has 18 '' tires and the valve stem happens to be at the top , then you 'll have to move your car before you can inflate the tire . It 's easier -LRB- for me -RRB- to lift bikes up onto the workbench to inflate them and , even then , I have to rotate the tires to make sure the valve stem is at the bottom!The secondary problem is the inane placement of the power switch - on the back , recessed , as a rocker between 12V/Off/120V . Is there some reason it could n't be placed on the front , where you could see it?The auto shutoff is a good feature , and the air delivery is strong enough , but the crippling limitations of the 2 ' range make this a non-starter . I curse Black & Decker every time I use it , and I suspect you will too .
 I did n't use this compressor very frequently , maybe once every couple months . It annoyed me that the tube and attachments did n't fit correctly in the storage compartment , and that the power cord was not long enough . But after having this for around a year -LRB- and using it a handful of times -RRB- it just stopped working .
 I love the design and concept of this pump , however , the fuse will blow very easily , then the whole thing is trash . My husband is an electrical engineer , so he tore the thing apart and added a new fuse , twice , but it still keeps blowing fuses ! So , as nice as it is , it 's really just an expensive paperweight . Stay away ! I 'm looking for a pump now that will actually do what it 's supposed to do .
 I 've had 2 of these , and both worked great , for about 2 months or so . After that , both quit working . Could not figure out why . Will NEVER buy one again .
 Pump lasted less than than a year . Stopped working after a few months on AC , then two months later quit working on DC . Threw it away .
 Have one of these , along with 2 trucks -LRB- big & small -RRB- and 2 bicycles . Auto shut-off worked great . But last time I was airing up my tires , it quit , and wo n't restart . A compressor I 'd bought in 2002 for $ 40 lasted for 7 years . This one was $ 60 in 2009 , but it died after 2 years 8 months . Now I 'm back looking for a different one .
 Never even able to inflate one tire . Valve stem locking mechanism broke on initial use ! Purchased with cerdit card points - now in process of trying to get a refund . Unfortunately thought I could depend on the Black & Decker name for quality . Should have read the reviews . Sounds like a fuse would blow after a few times anyway . Guess I 'll have to get another like the one I bought 20 yrs ago for $ 25 , and still have , from K Mart for my 2nd car .
 This product is not well made and you should n't buy it . I used it maybe 10-15 times in the last few years to fill up my car tires and just last weekend it broke . Sounds to me like the ball Barings inside broke down . Also when it did work it did n't work very well . It took a good 5 minutes per tire to add a few psi to one tire and made a lot of noise in the process . Also the air pressure gage was small too hard to read to put an accurate amount of pressure in the tire . You basically had to guess where in-between the line for 30 and 40 that 32 or 34 might be . Would have been helpful if they had at least put lines every 5 psi.I would not buy this product again and when I called Black and Decker to complain they basically said that its past the 2 year warrantee so bug off . Am I really supposed to expect a product like this to only work for 2 years and break are you kidding me ? When I suggested that they could send me a coupon or something to make up for their product breaking with moderate use the CSR acted like she did n't care and again referenced the 2 year warrantee . I do n't think I will ever be buying anything Black and Decker makes anymore.Don ' t buy this product unless you only think you are going to use it a few times and then expect to throw it away . And certainly do n't buy it if you think you might ever need to count on it in an emergency .
 It worker great a couple of times , then it quit when I was filling up a tire . When I turn it on , it will light up , but it will not push out air .
 didnt last but a year or so . . then just wouldnt turn on anymore . both cords are very short . . when it worked , it worked fine . i need a more dependable unit .
 Used mine about 5 or 6 times ; electric motor burnt out after only these few times . I wo n't buy another of these .
 Had it 2 yrs and it died . Tried to inflate my car tires and all it did was suck the air out , did n't have enough juice left to put any air in . Do n't buy this
 This product will not be useful if you are looking to inflate cycle tires , but will work for sport balls ...
 Unit had been working well , but after 18 months fuse blew . No easy way to replace and apparently not covered under 24 month Warranty . Will not purchase this product again .
 AC fuse blown after second use . Internet search and you 'll see this is a common problem and can not be fixed . The fuse is soldered onto the circuit board.Unfortunately , I am 2 days out of my amazon return window.Do yourself a favor and do n't purchase this air-station .
 The first time I bought this compressor , the nozzle broke . The replacement stopped working on the first attempt at filling a tire . Even if it did work properly , it would take far too long to fill a tire from empty .
 the B&D ASI300 did not perform up to the standard that I expected . It did not work as good as my old 15 year old Craftsman
 The nozzle broke on only the second use . Unfortunately it was after the 30 day return policy so I am stuck with it . I should have listened to the countless other reviews on Amazon that said the same thing . The compressor itself seem alright , but it is useless when the nozzle breaks . I ca n't believe Black and Decker would make the most integral part of the unit out of such cheap material . I will never buy another Black and Decker product again . I could n't be more dissatisfied with this product . Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere . If you are depending on this pump to fill your tires on the side of the road in case of an emergency , you could n't pick a worse pump . It is highly unreliable .
 The power cord is ridiculously short , so the unit must be used with an extension cord unless you are just inflating a football on your workbench . Confusing and inconveniently placed switches . Unit has a tendency to shut off or blow fuses if You connect and push buttons in the wrong sequence . I like the feature to set a pressure then have it shut off automatically . Noisy but it does do the job .
 I just blew up my second B&D Air Station . The first one failed after a couple of uses - it started leaking internally . Today my replacement failed - started making a different sound that sounds like something is stripped inside . I 'm using it to inflate tires to 60 , 72 and 80 lbs - so I 'd say that 's likely the problem . I guess I need to get a ` real ' compressor .
 I got this as a gift , otherwise I would have returned it . The AC power cord requires an extension cord since it 's ridiculously short . It can not be used without an extension cord at all . The product design is terrible . The on/off switch is located inside the unit behind the DC power cord , so you have to pull that out even if you want to plug it into the wall . The unit is supposed to inflate to the PSI you set it to - that did not work properly on mine . I basically had to set it all the way up to max PSI to get it to pump up the tire on a baby stroller . Finally , it 's incredibly awkward to handle . I 'm surprised they did n't put some sort of handle on it . Black and Decker used to mean quality ; this thing is terrible . I hope it breaks so I can buy a different product .
 Anyone considering purchasing this product should save your money and buy a different brand . Have had this unit for 6 months and it broke while operating . It sounded like a fuse popped but unfortunately there are no replaceable parts.As other reviews mention , ridiculously short electric cord and inflation cord . I 'm going back to Campbell Hausfeld brand . You get what you pay for .
 Bought the unit 3 months ago from a local home improvement store . I usedit 2 or 3 times a month to keep various tires properly inflated . It wasslow and noisy but got the job done . This morning it ran for about 5 secondsand quit working . I suspect a bad fuse or switch but it 's unimportant now becauseit 's in the trash and I 'm going to invest in a good gas powered air compressor.You get what you pay for and B&D ; needs to stick with drills etc. ...
 I bought this product because I need an air station trustable but guess what ? it is MADE in CHINA . I receive and read the instruction I plug in start making a lot of noise and blow up in only 15 seconds incredible but what can you expect with someting made in china . Dont buy it stinks .
 My product died after 20 month , and was not used very much . Was a little slow in pumping up car tire . Pressure reading on dial is very inaccurate . Having 2 types of power cords is nice -LRB- car and wall outlet -RRB- . But , the power cord for the wall is too short . Good price point , but not sure if worth it .
 Great features touted , lousy capabilities delivered . Hose to short , plastic valve handle breaks after a few usages , warranty now 1 yr vs. 2 -LRB- I guess B&D is confirming it 's junk now -RRB- . Compressor/auto shut off no longer functional after 1 yr of light usage .
 Big fan of Black and Decker tools . This is perhaps the one product in their line I regret buying . It is very poorly designed , inside and out . Fail written all over it,-No On/Off switch per se - a nonintuitive toggle switch between 12v Dc and 110v AC-Dial is not properly calibrated - you will need to cross check with an alternate gauge-Awkward handle/compartment for wires -LRB- not sure if you can use the compartment as a handle -RRB- - Very loud compared to peer products -LRB- 70 ~ 85 dB -RRB- - Very short air hose -LRB- 18 '' -RRB- - Very short AC power cord -LRB- 18 '' -RRB- so you will need an extension cable if you intend to use it in the garage-Inaccessible fuse - intentional so you buy a new one each and every time you blow a fuse.-The internal electrical design is probably from the 80 's . I have had it for 2 years . Used it on 3 cars , 3 times a year . So a total of 18 times -LRB- 72 tires -RRB- during the time . Just to top off the tires not even full inflate from a flat . At the time , I spent about sixty dollars on it . So eighty three cents a tire over its lifetime . Not a good value proposition . You are better off filling up air at the gas station.Having said that if you are a hobbyist/DIYer who knows his/her way around electrical/electronic components you can replace the fuse and or install an easy access screw cap panel mount fuse holder . There is an awesome instructable , do check it out.For very poor design and guaranteed failure -LRB- almost like an internal kill switch -RRB- - 1 glorious star . Black & Decker - why you no do good design .
 I purchased this Black & Decker Air Pump to replace the one I had that broke after 15 + years of use . The new one broke after only 5 uses .
 There seems to be an inherent flaw in the concept of moving the dial to the air pressure desired and actually having the unit do this.I 've now returned two units as the dial did n't work correctly and then unit over-inflated tires.the basic concept is great , just needs more fine tuning . I like the dual power concept and that is the primary reasoned I purchased it in the beginning .
 It does work , but is Poorly designed !! Using the a/c power , the d/c cord has to be removed from it 's storage to get to the on switch . Very inconvenient ! The a/c cord and the air hose should both be about 6 feet longer . Who wants to get out an extension cord every time they want to plug it in ? The coupler on the air hose is very flimsy , cheap and ca n't last long . The previous model air station was so superior to the new one and it was made in the USA ! It was a/c power only but had long cords and hoses and wrap around storage for them . The switch was easy to get to . That thing was used almost daily , like any other home appliance . New one needs re-designed again to be much more user friendly , and made with better quality materials , such as a metal coupler and re-in-forced air hose . Sorry , I just think a company like Black & Decker could have done worlds better . Thanks!ProsAc or dc poweredConsAc cord is way too shortAir hose is way too short
 Purchased brand new , mine crapped out on me after a grand total of three uses . Made predominantly from cheap plastic . The cords are unwieldy , no one thought about practical utility . In my opinion this product should not bear the name of a U.S. company .
 Obviously these inflators are not built to stand up under even light usage . Like several others reviewers , my inflator died in the middle of adding a couple of psi to a set of tires . Since this is something that is not user repairable , I have to take it 20 miles to the B&D repair center so they can order a new one under warranty . This is particularly annoying because this one was a replacement for my original one that had the same problem . I 'm seriously considering just buying a different brand .
 This product is a headache to use for several reasons :1 -RRB- It almost never puts the correct amount of air in a tire -LRB- forget the gauges -RRB- , maybe 20 % of the time . Found the least time consuming way is to over-inflate , then use an external gauge for accuracy .2 -RRB- It constantly has to be turned off and on , and frequently shuts off when trying to connect to the tire .3 -RRB- Cords are short , unplug easily4 -RRB- Is difficult to attach to the tire 's air inlet.I would not buy this again , and am disappointed with Black & Decker . Another cheap Chinese-made product to avoid .
 Good for light use . Readings are not accurate . Mine broke after a little over a year of infrequent use . Apparently not powerful enough to handle inflating car tires .
 I Purchased the AS1300 Air Station in Jan. 2010 and by Nov. 16 , 2010 it had stopped working . I have used it to pump only a few small items . I made the mistake of trying to pump up a tire on my Honda CR-V . The Air Station quit . I contacted Black and Decker and they knew the problem already . They will send me a replacement . My older Air Station had lasted over 15 years , but it was made in the USA.I was told that a fuse has blown and it is hard to get at . I looked inside and on the mother board a fuse is soldered in place . The AC Mode failed , but the DC mode started to pump . I have not worked the pump on the DC mode . Black and Decked should have produced a great AC pump and not a total mediocre Air Station .
 A Black & Decker of old quality it is not
 Giving it two stars for the two year warranty . Good warranty for $ 50 product . Still , this product is for minimal use , expect to use it only a few times .
 When I went to purchase the unit , I wanted proof it worked so we plugged it in , it ran for 1-2 seconds on AC and popped . It still works on DC . But opening it up I find the impossible to replace fuse , due to my electronics background I should be able to make a user replaceable solution ... . which should have been in the original design . I would definitely not recommend paying retail price for this unit from reading all the reviews mentioning the blown fuse , I 'm hoping the DC circuit is more robust.The good news , upon opening the unit , you find a circuit board and TWO pumps , one hooked to the DC , and one to the AC that is converted to DC , and some other electronics , I plan on breaking down the circuit to see how it all works.Update : I wrote an instructables for how to install a user replaceable fuse , because I see this unit having a problem with blown fuses from most of the reviews . Also I went with slow blow to see if that makes a difference , I intend to give the unit more testing tomorrow .
 Fuse blew out after using it to pump an inflateable swimming pool . I have to admit that it was pumping for about 45 mintutes straight , but is that too much to ask ? It works fine on cars and bikes . Beware that this is a very light duty inflator . Any strain on this puppy and it will die on you .
 Both the power cord and air hose are very short . You will need to use a extension cord every time you use it . The air hose is less than 2 ' long . The auto shut off is a nice feature .
 Not accurate enough to properly inflate tires . Only a dial that estimates the air pressure . Also very , very slow on filling up a car tire , kind of loud , especially in gargage . On/Off button not easy to access , should be on top of device . Cords are supposed to fit in compartment , but you have to jam them in and shut the door quickly to get them in .
 Perhaps it 's only me . The Amazon Search shows this as a RV tire inflator . The Product review seems to indicate that it will inflate RV tires . It will not inflate a motor home tire to the required pressure of 120 PSI.I have `` burned up '' two of them while only getting the pressure to 110 PSI . It might work on camper tires or Fifth Wheel tires , but not on a motor home tire .
 I do not recommend this product . The fuse is of low quality and has a propensity to fail . Because of a design defect , the user can not access the fuse to replace it . When you call the manufacturer , they attempt to get you to take the unit to a local `` authorized '' repair facility which is often in an undesirable area in major metropolitan areas . Most people will not want to spend several hours to take a $ 40 purchase to a god-forsaken location to get a 25 cent fuse replaced by another Chinese-made piece of garbage . This is a very expensive way to put air in a ball or two .
 I received this as a gift . I asked for it - by model number - so nobody to blame but myself . I was surprised to find the power cord is only a foot long - if that ! I do n't know about you , but I rarely park that close to an outlet . Even if I did park right next to one , the outlets in my garage are high enough that the compressor would have to hang from it 's own cord . It would not reach the floor . Maybe building code varies from region to region , but outlets in my garage were part of new construction - not added by the owner incorrectly.This will work fine for the person looking to inflate an air mattress/sports ball . There is no reason you could not do so indoors - using an outlet just above the floor . But if they really think this is convenient for the person looking to check and inflate their tires , they have to think again ! I will need an extension cord at all times to use this in a garage . Poor design .
 I bought this from Lowes . I tried it on my car tire and it actually let air out of the tire and the pressure sensor sat at 0PSI . Somehow the internal pressure sensor had a leak and actually let air out . Returned .
 When I first used the Keeper to drive from Baltimore , MD to Indianapolis , IN , it worked great . No rain got in and it stayed on my roof the entire time . Then I took a road trip from Bloomington , IN to Asheville , NC and not only did the contents get wet during a storm , but one of the buckles broke ! Now it is completely useless !
 This product says it is waterproof but actually is n't . We travelled twenty hours to Florida and 2-3 hours of trip was a downpour . Everything in it was soaked . I made the mistake of putting my $ 600 camera and video camera in it . Water got through the cargo bag and through my video camera bags . All of our clothes were soaked and had to wash when we got to hotel ! I would never buy again and I wish I would have spent more money and bought a hard plastic one .
 A friend advised me to get this for our trip to TN . We both got one , and we both arrived with wet luggage and clothes . We 're both returning it .
 went to walmart today andfound out that they sell the same exact one for half price.it is good waterproof but hard to put it up on my car roof.won ' t buy it again , too much trouble to return . so I regret this buy .
 When I first got it , I was worried that our rather large duffel bags would n't fit in it . The packaging is pretty small , which means it folds up pretty nicely when it 's not in use . When you unroll everything , it looks like it would n't be tall enough . Not true ! As a test run , we stuffed two oversized duffel bags full of blankets and towels and put them in the cargo bag . They fit very comfortably and we now have room for probably 3 more smaller bags on the sides , plus whatever we want to fit on top of the duffel bags . Do n't be worried when you open it.Haven ' t had it `` rain tested '' yet but the rubbery feel of the material makes me think it would be truly water proof and not just water resistant.UPDATE : Unfortunately we will have to be returning this . We did a road trip down to Florida and on the way down it rained . The waterproofing worked great . Once we got there though , it was hot out , of course . The adhesive that they used melts in the heat , I 'm guessing because the velcro all came off . This makes it NOT waterproof . There was standing water in the big cargo bag and our luggage duffel bags were wet , soaking anything on the bottom of the bag . Unfortunate because I otherwise think this would have been a great product . If you 're not planning on traveling down south in the US during the summer , it would probably work fine .
 We purchased this bag for a 1800 + mile trip to Disney World and back . We had a large suitcase , a medium sized suitcase , a small suitcase , and a medium sized drawstring bag stored in the bag with very little room to spare . The bag was very easy to attach to our roof rack and required no additional restraints . We encountered heavy rain for a good portion of our trip . Luckily , not one drop made it into the bag while driving -LRB- 80 + mph -RRB- or while sitting overnight in the rain as the bag had small tears in the front corners as if it had worn from years of use . The zipper also broke on the way home . Thank goodness I had packed the duct tape ... I do not recommend this bag . I will gladly pay a little more for a better quality bag next time .
 Out of the box , the Keeper Waterproof Roof Top Cargo Bag -LRB- 15 Cubic Feet -RRB- seemed like a great deal for roughly half-a-hundred bucks . The construction seemed sturdy , it was very easy to strap down , and the 15 cubic feet was ample for fitting two large rolling suitcases with room to spare for smaller items.The 1800 mile drive from California to Texas , however , proved to be more than the Cargo Bag could handle . After driving with it for a while the top started to rip apart , and as result our luggage was completely soaked . To it 's credit , it did n't come apart badly enough to lose our suitcases . However , it failed to do it 's job , and left us wishing we 'd spend an extra two-hundred dollars for a hard-case version , which almost certainly would have held up better.Overall , I ca n't recommend this product for long car-trips through harsh weather . If you were going a shorter distance , or not actually expecting rain , it might hold up . But for my purposes , this was fairly useless , and actually cost me a lot of time since I was relying on it . Will be returning ASAP .
 I had high hopes after reading all the positive reviews . Maybe the product has changed since the previous reviews . The first time I used this bag one of the 4 sections of the bag where the straps are attached to the bag broke off . The color in the photo shows 4 sections where the straps are attached to the bag -LRB- in black -RRB- . The bag I received had orange sections where the straps were attached to the bag and are apparently glued on to the bag because once section came off . We were still able to use the bag with the remaining 3 sections attached to our vehicle , but no telling when/if the others might break as well . Unfortunately I bought this item 2 months prior to our trip and it 's too late to return it for a refund . I would not recommend purchasing this product unless you only need to use it once or twice , or unless you do n't mind using a different method to attach it to your car . -LRB- i.e. straps that are n't attached to the bag but are able to hold it down -RRB-
 I really wanted to like this product and be able to use it at least one more time . Nope that did n't happen . Its 218 between Los Angeles and Fresno and somewhere in between my Keeper 07203 had torn a hole in the corner . The bag was not overloaded , nor was I driving the speed of sound to cause it to tear open either . Fortunately the hole did not grow in size and my stuff made it back home . It 's just unfortunate that I had to throw it in the garbage instead of refolding it up and look forward to another adventure with it . Save your money and keep looking . Bummer .
 The bag served it 's purpose well . It freed up much space in the vehicle and everything stayed dry in soaking downpours.It was hot and the bag is dark black and shiny causing me to be sweaty and irritable . I 'd suggest loading in a garage if you have one or in the shade.It took considerable time to adjust the straps -LRB- we chose to unload at night and store it while in the hotel -RRB- . The front collects a lot of bug bodies.The material wore where the straps laid , so we will have a few places that will not be waterproof for our next trip -LRB- duct tape will fix that ! -RRB- .
 On the first trip I made using this bag -LRB- a 4-hour drive -RRB- , the material wore down and small holes developed beneath the straps .
 While this is about the only waterproof , soft carrier out there , the straps shirred within the first 250 miles . Poor quality . One and done use .
 We used this carrier on a trip from Michigan to Florida and it did n't hold up . When we finally arrived at our destination I discovered there were a few spots on the carrier where it was ripping at the seam and this was the first time we had used it . I have submitted a refund with Amazon and will have to try a different product .
 Installed unit in a roof rack on top of my Forester using directions provided . We ran into a moderate rain storm for just over an hour and the product managed to not hold up as intended and items in the bag were nice and wet . Product should be called water resistant not waterproof . A perfect fix would be a second zipper or something around the bag to seal the zipper cover flap down . The Velcro provided just does n't do any good . On a positive note , it does secure down nicely on my vehicle rack and items made it to the destination . I suggest looking elsewhere for a better item unless you plan on traveling in dry weather .
 The car top carrier may be very good but it does not fit a Ford Escape with a sunroof . The Amazon product description is for the size of the shipping box and not the product in the open position which is 44 inch by 34 inch by 17 high .
 I did n't know that you had to have crossbars on your roof rack in order to use this . If I had known that , I would n't have bought it .
 I purchased this waterproof carrier top to haul clothing , pillows , blankets , air mattresses etc. to our new home . We had a there day travel to get there and then stayed in a hotel a week before our home was ready to move in.Upon arrival we unsnapped , un-velcro 'd and then unzipped the carrier to find our belongings inside soaked , moldy , and ruined ! After 9 days of rain and heat the interior items were ruined.I bought this to make travel convenient and to avoid having to buy things while we waited for movers , and what a waste of money it was . I will be complaining to company and if they make it right , I will amend my review .
 I purchased this to use on my 2006 Mazda Tribute -LRB- Ford Escape -RRB- with a roof rack with crossbars . I could not get it to fit in anyway that would make me feel secure about using it on my long trip . The unit ended up being way too big to snuggly tie down the straps and the size of the unit was actually larger than the roof rails on the roof rack.It states it fits a Mazda Tribute/Ford Escape , but I do not recommend it . I think it would work find on larger SUVs or minivans with roof racks .
 Made a trip Oklahoma to Orlando and spent almost $ 300 one way in gas and knew that was too much because we went to Orlando several times in the past and it was around $ 200 in gas one way . So on the way back we did not put the cargo carrier up and sure enough it was only $ 195 in gas on the way back . So beware the extra room you may get because of the cargo carrier will come at a cost . For me it is not worth $ 100 each way just for some extra room in the minivan .
 I took a trip to Denver and back from Salt Lake City.I secured this Cargo Bag on the roof of my Mini Van.I loaded it with bags.By the time I got back to Salt Lake City The materal of the bag had Torn in several places.My trip was 1,000 miles roundtrip.I hope people do not think this bag will last very long for the Money .
 I drove from MN to Texas . It stayed put nicely . We did n't have any inclement weather . When I removed it when we arrived , There were already worn holes in it . I did n't bother using it on the return trip . The worn spots happened on the bottom side . I did n't have anything sharp or with hard edges in it . The hardest thing would be the corners of a duffle bag and a pair of boots .
 Just drove 300 miles with it this weekend - not reAl easy to install as the straps are not easy to adjust . Fits a lot of stuff but we drove in high winds , rain and then snow and the inside was wet . I did wrap something 's in garbage bags which helped but something 's were wet.More - found a small tear in the top of the bag . Had to take another star off - bag ripped after one rd trip - ` if I had to do it again would go hard case
 We loaded up our waterproof cargo bag for our 10 hour drive through OK and TX . About 7 hours into the drive , we heard one of the straps hitting the window . Had to pull over to the side of the road and noticed that one of the straps had come completely off the bag . Do n't know how they are affixed to the bag , but did not see any torn stitching . If they are just glued on , may be the reason they come apart so easily . We tightened the load up and made sure all was secure once again and started back on the road . Shortly after , we found that a bolt was lodged in our tire and had to stop at WalMart to get the tire replaced . Seems that the bolt was most likely picked up when we had to pull to the side of the road and fix the broken strap . On the way back home to OK , we just folded up the cargo bag and stuck it behind a seat . So , a $ 48 waterproof cargo bag that barely made one leg of the trip ended up costing us an additional $ 140 for a new tire . At least our clothes did stay dry through the rain .
 I installed this the night before leaving . To be honest , I did not inspect the item thoroughly . But when I got to my destination a few hours later , and I did not over pack it , there were stress cracks all along the front and looked awful . Water was getting all over my luggage . This was only after 12 hours and one use of this product . I do not recommend this product .
 I purchased this luggage carrier bag for a 1000 mile trip , and based on the reviews I read . I made my purchase decision based on the fact that it did not leak . It rained most of the trip but was not a hard , driving rain . Upon arrival , we discovered ALL our luggage to be wet . I would n't recommend this anyone !
 I read all these glowing reviews by others who had `` driven through driving rains in Texas '' and nothing got wet . I have to throw that flag on that one . We took a family trip from FL to GA December 12-16 , 2011 . We encountered a light shower when we entered Georgia , mostly just drizzle . When we took the Roof Top Cargo Bag off , every single theing inside it was absolutely soaked ! We had it secured as instructed and it never moved or blew around while we were driving , so that part was good . But upon arriving at our destination in GA to have a family Christmas with all the kids and grandkids , everything we had up there was soaked . This included a small `` carry-on rollaround '' piece of luggage that contained all our shoes . Soaked . And a `` soft '' suitcase that was full of Christmas decorations and ornaments . Since the grandkids were going to be there , I had purchased all `` soft '' ornaments -LRB- non-breakable -RRB- made of fabric , felt , ribbon , etc. . All soaked.If you are traveling through a desert , this may be the roof top cargo bag for you . If , however , it rains at all where you are heading , buy a hardtop carrier and wave goodbye to this one .
 This is probably a fine car top carrier , but nowhere in the description -LRB- nor did I find when I read reviews -RRB- does it say that it will not work if your car does n't have raised roof racks . It says it clearly on the back of the box but of course I could n't see that before I ordered . I ordered this and paid for overnight shipping so that I could have it before we left for our Christmas vacation the next day . The reviews for this one were great and it was a great price so I went for it . Unfortunately , we could not use it because our roof racks -LRB- on an 08 Hyundai Santa Fe -RRB- are not raised ! I mostly blame Hyundai for making roof racks that basically serve no purpose , but I think Keeper should put that somewhere in their description so that people know . Also , we have a sunroof , so when the 2 crossbars are at their farthest apart , they are only 2 feet apart . The bag is much bigger than 2 feet across , so even if we could have somehow attached it with straps to the windows , the bag would have only been able to hold a small amount of stuff and would have had a bunch of loose fabric flapping in the wind up top , not to mention that it renders the bag sort of pointless if you ca n't even put much stuff in it . VERY disappointed ... in this bag AND in Hyundai !
 We used this once for our vacation from TN to Myrtle Beach , SC . About halfway through our 350 mile trip to SC , two of the straps ripped off . Additionally , we drove for about an hour in rain . When we got to our condo , all the luggage on the bottom was soaked ! We had to purchase ratchet straps before leaving the beach to secure the thing for the journey home . This is definitely going back ! What a waste of time and money !!
 It was a little smaller than I had expected , but it actually fits perfectly within the roof rack of my Grand Cherokee . It has kept my stuff dry and clean so far after a week of use in California.Con
 My husband and I bought this cargo bag because we have family members who own the exact same product . Our family members have used this product for many trips without any issues . However , my husband and I used ours for one 4 hour trip . By the time we arrived to our destination there were small holes and rips all over the top of it . We had followed the packing directions carefully , tucked in the loose strap ends and had nothing sharp inside the bag -LRB- we had packed a large bag of dog food , two pillows and two soft sided bags with clothing in them -RRB- . We were SHOCKED to see how damaged the back was when we arrived . To make matters worse , rain was in the forecast for our drive home , so we had to use Gorilla tape to tape-up the rips and holes just to make it home . I feel like we got a defective bag , because this does not seem to be a common issue . Ultimately , we were extremely disappointed in the product . We have asked for a refund and hope to try another brand with better results . Good luck if you buy this product .
 I bought the keeper waterproof roof top cargo bag in January for our trip to Florida in February . We drove from Macon , Georgia to Orlando , Florida in the hard rain . The rain did not stop the whole time and when we arrive in Florida to unload our luggage , the luggage was wet and also the clothes in the luggage . We made sure that the flaps covered the zipper and it did not stop the rain from getting in the waterproof cargo bag .
 This was supposed to be a Waterproof Cargo Bag ! It leaked all 2600 miles of our trip . Presents were ruined and clothes were soaked and needed to be bleached . It was a nightmare ! I will definitely be returning .
 I purchased this product for an upcoming trip and was pleased when I opened it . There is a bit of a plasticky chemical smell but for the price I let it go . When reading the side of the box to make sure I had all the instructions down pat I noticed the warning at the bottom . It states that this product is made with chemicals that are KNOWN to cause cancer and birth defects . It then says you should wash your hands after using.I had intended to carry our luggage and my INFANT daughter 's gear -LRB- pack n play , highchair , etc -RRB- in this item . I was/am livid that the warning is small and that it 's not on Amazon 's product information page . I am returning it , and Amazon has been great about that -LRB- as always -RRB- but I am extremely dissapointed in this product.We wound up going with a hard top . More expensive , but no cancer-causing agents to get all over my baby 's stuff!Buyer beware on this one !!
 Glorified trash bag with flimsy straps . Sending it back . You get what you pay for . If cost is a concern , use a tarp with ratchet .
 This carrier leaked horribly , the first time we encountered any significant rain . It was properly tied down , zipped , with the flaps folded down over the zipper , and the Velcro fastened on the flaps . Luckily , I had most items in large plastic bags , otherwise we would have had a wet comforter & air mattress ! I will give this the lowest rating possible , and tell everyone NOT to buy it !
 I bought the cargo bag to carry my golf clubs and give me more room inside my van for luggage . As soon as I hit 55 mph , the bag started flapping and making a terrible noise on my roof . I fixed that by using extra tie downs and the noise abated . Then when I tightened the cargo bag straps , one of them came loose from where it was supposed to be adheared to the bag , so I had to throw that away . Then when I unzipped it to get out my clubs , they were very hard to extract . The solution to my frustration and disappointment with this product was to remove it from my roof and throw it away . I guess if you go cheap , you get cheap .
 It 9pm . I 'm leaving on vacation tomorrow morning . I just opened the box and it says , `` DO NOT install on a car without a roof rack . '' My car does n't have a roof rack.It would have been nice if the product description said something about this .
 I purchased this for my sister and unfortunately she did n't try to use it until 34 days after it had been delivered . It 's not as well made as she thought it would be , she wound up using the one that I bought , and I tried to exchange it to no avail . Wo n't be buying anything from Amazon that I wo n't be using right away as they really do n't stand behind their products .
 I finally had the opportunity to use this and when i did . . it leaked !! we got home and our suitcases were wet ! we zipped it up and fastened all the velcro and it still leaked
 We have a Ford Explorer which seats 7 passengers and 4 of us were traveling together but we wanted to ride in comfort for our 12 to 14 hour journey from NY to Myrtle Beach , SC . This was the first time we decided to purchase a roof top cargo bag and purchased this bag after reading reviews and comparing to other bags . The reviews were good overall but I must say we were quite disappointed . This was the noisiest bag ever . After about 15 minutes into our journey we stopped and tried to re-work the bag to eliminate the noise . We started again but by the time we crossed the GW bridge into NJ we stopped again because the noise was so loud it sounded like we were being attacked . We took the bag down and packed everything inside the vehicle . We lost 2 hours before we actually started our trip . We will try to use the bag again by placing on top of the cross bars instead of between them as pictured , in hopes that this will prevent the noise but that may not be until next year some time as we left the bag with relatives in SC .
 This roof top cargo bag seemed like it was exactly what we were looking for . Unfortunately , upon opening we noticed a 2 inch hole in the stitching right were the zipper was attached . Further inspection revealed that the stitching all around the entire zipper area was not consistently straight . This is a problem because areas where the stitching was too close to the edge would likely rip when the bag was fully packed . We returned this product the day we received it .
 We are very disappointed ! We bought this carrier to use on our 2012 Christmas trip to Florida from our home in Grand Rapids , MI . We purchased it on the reviews of previous buyers . We loaded our sons clothes into some suitcases and fortunately to be safe , my wife put the clothes into plastic bags before placing them into the suitcases . Into the carrier the suitcases went . . and onto the top of our SUV . We also used a non skid pad which is in our opinion an essential . To be fair , the morning of our 2 day trip we encountered high winds and heavy rain from MI to Manchester TN our first night 's stop . Imagine our disappointment , when upon our arrival the next day in Florida , we opened the `` waterproof '' carrier to find the inside of the carrier and the bags wet inside and out . If not for the plastic bags the clothes would have been soaked . I still hold out some hope that in more quiet -LRB- `` normal '' , whatever that is -RRB- and less wet weather conditions the carrier will perform well ... BUT be aware , I believed when I made this purchase that `` waterproof '' as it was advertised & reviewed with no asterisk ... meant WATERPROOF ... Caveat Emptor ! Buyer beware ! Hope this helps ... I 'm thinking maybe lots of duct tape next time ...
 It is hard for me to give this a 2 star as I really liked the product and the design of it . After taking it on a trip of 350 miles , and I only packed soft sided items in it , like my duffel bag , sleeping bag , boat cushions , things like that , I took it off the car and noticed the front seam had a 2 inch rip in it and one of the velcro tabs came off . So , while I would like to think it was an individual flaw and get it replaced , I am asking for a refund as I 'm afraid to try another one
 ordered this pump for my 2006 Buick LaCrosse CX the pump is shorter in height than the origanal an therefore will not snap into place .
 It 's advertised that it will fit a 2001 Dakota r/t ... . It does NOT fit a 2001 dodge Dakota r/t so do n't order it if this what it 's for .
 We took my wife 's car in for some repairs and gave the parts to our local mechanic , the wiper pump motor is defective . Was not worth the hastle of returning . Mechanic is ordering a new one form GM .
 The mats where a bit faded like they 've `` been around for a while . '' But I guess the most disappointing thing is that the mats did NOT come with the holes that fit into the pegs on the floor of my ML500 . I probably need to call the company and complain but I 'm sure it 'll be some type of hassel to get it corrected .
 recieved mine and the ram logo is crooked . very noticeable ! This product says it is made in the USA , Jobs are so hard to come by now . You would think an American would take more pride in their work ! - very dissapointed .
 I purchased this product because it said it was a `` Dodge Ram LOGO '' CD/DVD Visor Organizer . The product did n't match the picture AT ALL ! I was looking to purchase the item with just the LOGO not `` Dodge Ram written as big as balls ! '' Very disappointed in the advertisement and title , it does n't match the actual thing .
 The picture shows just the ram head , the product also has the text ` RAM ' underneath which . I have just used a black marker rather than send it back , fine if your Dodge is a ram ...
 Bought this for my 03 Dodge RAM since it has the Ram logo on it . And the straps are not long enough to go around the visor . Otherwise it would do the job .
 The plastic wrapper melted onto the item & would notcome off . Not pleased , I would n't have item shipped in thesummer .
 Do n't buy this product . There are no Actron downloadable drivers or files available and they can not tell you when they may be available . It is a complete waste of money !
 I bought this cable to go with the OBD II scanner I also bought at Amazon . It 's supposed to allow you to get updates from the Internet . But when I went to Actron 's website they reported online updates were n't available yet . So why did they sell me the cable ?? Pretty expensive cable that has no use other than to fatten their coffers .
 The CP9137 has been around for nearly two years and Actron still has no updates available ! Do n't bother with this cable until they do !
 I bought this cable expecting an update from Actron . After reading the other reviews , I figured that after TWO years Actron would get their ACT together and release an update . However , I checked today and still no update . Why would you release a product that is useless for over 2 years !! The scanner works great , this cable is not worth buying unless they come out with an update . Save your money and invest it in a better Actron scanner .
 Opened the package from amazon , inserted the battery . Read the manual and plugged it in . Read the codes , repaired the vacuum line , reset the faults . Everything was fine till then.Checked the website and found out it cost < $ 10.00 pm to be useful.Checked the codes in the scanner and then checked the memory
 I purchased this device with high expectations after reading reviews by several persons , only to discover it does not work on several OBD II equipped Japanese vehicles I 've connected it to . It attempts a search of the vehicles ' computer but the end result is an error message on the scanner 's display screen . I just tried it again on my brother-in-law 's 2005 Toyota Matrix only to get the same result.Even more disappointing is the lack of software updates for CP9175 which has also been noted by other reviewers who 've purchased the device .
 I have found this item to have little to no usefullness at all.it seems it is only good for limited items.Kurt Kaufman
 After ordering this in stock item 10 days ago , I just got an email that says it will probably be another 16 days before it arrives . I have purchased over a hundred items on the internet and it has never taken 26 days to receive an in stock item from anywhere . I have even received items from Hong Kong and China within 7 days . I do n't know what kind of problems Amazon is having but this is a little ridiculous .
 I HATE ACTRON , I THINK THEY ARE JUNK ... I BOUGHT A CP9580 AND IT PUT MY CAR INTO THEFT LOCK , THEN I COULDNT START IT ... DONT BUY JUNK , FACE IT , THE WORLD SELLS A LOT OF JUNK !
 The Haynes repair manual for the Porsche 944 did not have its usual detailed information for just common problems . If you wanted to rebuild the engine its ok but what if the heater valve goes bad . How do you replace it ? The mid-80 's Porsches were just coming into computer control so they depended on vacuum lines to operate many functions in the car . Their is not one vacuum line diagram in the book.The manual simply does n't contain information needed for common tasks .
 Great price but when i got mine it almost killed me and my girlfriend . . we drove for 15 mins then the smell of the rubber was horrendous
 the picture shows seat beat accessories that is why i bought this product but ending up not having it not even one . .
 Looks nice , however all the three characters are placed facing the same way . Therefore when placing in a centered steering wheel , -LRB- each character at 10 , 2 and 6 o'clock -RRB- at least one of them -LRB- 10 or 2 o'clock -RRB- will be placed upside down.Returning ...
 Well , within a month of placing this product on a steering wheel , it 's already ripped in 2 places . Very upset that it did n't even last 6 months . I 've bought cheaper steering wheel covers that have lasted over a year .
 Like most Audi owners , I struggle with an unbelievable amount of brake dust buildup on the wheels and paint . After reading all the positive reviews , I was hopeful that Rejex would help prevent the brake dust from building up so quickly . Sadly , I noticed no improvement over a quality wax . Rejex is easy to use and is at least as good as conventional wax at keeping bug jerky and other contaminants from sticking to the front of the car . Unfortunately , brake dust remains a problem . The best defense I 've found to brake dust on the wheels is Armor All wheel protectant . The Armor All product works much better than wax or Rejex , but it is expensive and only effective for a short time .
 Beware!Ad copy says 6 '' -7 '' sponge . The widest point on the sponge I received was 5 3/4 '' at the most , and then only measured diagonally across the very widest two points.Very disappointing for the price . Certainly not worth $ 22.00 plus shipping .
 i do not understand ... . these lugs are the same size as the lugs i use for my after market rims , which require `` slim '' lug nuts . i ordered gorilla acorn lugs when i purchased my rims from discount tire . i then ordered this locking kit . when they arrived i did not install them , i am outside my 30 days to return them . i went to install them today and though the lug nuts are the right size , slim and can fit inside the lug nut recessed hole , the key for these will NOT fit in the hole so i can not tighten the lug . pointless to make a slim acorn style lug and make the key to large to fit inside the hole ... lastly . the groves cut out for the unique locking pattern looked like a hack job . i 'll try adding photos soon . also these gorilla locks dont have the typical `` G '' recess on their face so you can not really tell which one is the locking lug until you get the key ontop of it.pointless !!!
 The Honda Civic Coupe with 16 '' alloy wheels uses a 3/4 '' lug . These Locks use a 13/16 '' lug . To use them you 'd have to carry two lug wrenches in the car . The lug wrench in the car would not fit the lock . So if you want to carry two lug nut wrenches these will work for you . I do n't want to .
 The 12mm version does not fit the 2010 Camaro , The Amazon fit tool is incorrect . You 'll need 14mm wheel locks .
 The part number 71631n is listed for a 2012 F150 The lug nuts inside the package are 12 mm.My 2012 F150 has 14mm lug nuts.Amazon is to blame for the mistake.The correct part number for 2012 F150 14mm Gorilla wheel locks is 71601N . Very disappointed .
 I purchased a couple of these covers thinking that they were `` superior '' but as it turned out they were n't . When the package arrived , both covers came in cracked so I had to return them . Go with something else .
 Recieved in a timley manner but three out of the 20 lug nuts do not fit the locking key . Very poor quality control or whom ever shipped the item was dooped by a previous customer when the nuts were returned . I 'll think twice before ordering another item from this Web Site .
 What was n't clear to me -LRB- although may be to others -RRB- was the printing of `` Ford Racing '' on the side of the cover is on the actual cover and not just part of the packaging . I thought the cover was just plain black which it was n't . I did n't care for this and sent it back .
 As with all products bought online , there is a chance that it does not fit . It was stated this is was standard size but it did not it my car steering wheel . It might of been a manufacturer defect , the product broke during installation .
 Been sitting in the car for 2 months , will not fit on the steering . . pl.don ' t buy it
 This pulley lasted several months before the bearing wore out . Overall , I must say I was very disappointed . Could have been just my luck perhaps . Either way for the cost I ca n't complain to much as it was a low cost investment but it would have been nice if it had lasted .
 We bought a new radiator from amazon.com -- a Spectra Premium CU2307 . Installed it , drove around the neighborhood , and everything seemed okay , so I drove it about 30 miles . Then , just as I was parking , a couple ounces of transmission fluid suddenly spilled out . The transmission dipstick was very hot!After leaving it parked for 3 hours we added transmission fluid back to the appropriate dipstick level before driving it again . At first it slipped badly in reverse but worked okay in all forward gears . After 2 or 3 more attempts reverse no longer worked at all , and it slipped in all gears.We discovered that the new Spectra Premium radiator 's transmission cooler passage was obstructed so that no transmission fluid was getting to the cooler . The pressure had forced the override vent normally intended to open only in freezing weather . Amazon sent us another radiator whose passage is n't blocked . But now my transmission needs to be rebuilt -- a $ 3,600.00 job!The response from Amazon customer service was disappointing . They sent me a free replacement radiator , but refused to consider compensating me for any part of the $ 3,600 damage caused by their defective product ! ; - -LRB-
 Cheap plastic . Poorly cut . Mounts outside window and sticks onto car with 3m foam tape . Looks like crap . Get the ones that mount inside the window and looks alot better .
 This tool bent on the tooth end immediately after applying pressure . I would not recommend it . My suggestion is to purchase the spanners specifically made for your coil-overs .
 Three hundred bucks for this ??? Really ??? The two box covers have a false bottom , so there is probably 2 cubic feet of wasted space that you can not use or get into . The straps to mount the box are attached inside the box , and pass through HOLES that will certainly let water and dust in . The holes are higher than the bottom , so after the water gets in , it will then soak anything inside the box . The one shipped to me does not have the round straps shown on the underside of the lid either . There us weatherstrip foam around the covers , but it does n't even seal well , because there is a plastic on plastic `` clunk '' when you close them . I would not recommend this box for anything other than filling with ice and cold beverage cans , but of course , it 's not insulated either , so it wo n't really keep things cold . I never even mounted it so I ca n't say if the seat is comfortable or not , but the seat bottom cushion has no solid bottom , so if you are going to mount it on a rack , you 'll probably feel the bars under the seat .
 I did not receive what I ordered . The picture clearly shows a steering wheel cover with the dodge logo in white and red with the lettering dodge . I received a different steering wheel cover that says dodge RAM . I received a different item than what I ordered and expected and I am very displeased .
 The rack worked well . Machining for the custom fit saab mount was off on two of the four mounts . I had to drill out the holes to fit properly .
 I was hoping for better quality . They do n't fit well and the material is n't of very good quality .
 I recieved one seat cover 2 weeks before the other . When I got both seat covers one of them was dark blue and the other was black . I ordered from the same link and selected 2x quantity and this still happened .
 This part number is correct , and the part I recieved is correct , but the filter itself is molded wrong for the 2005 Triumph Sprint ST it was meant to go in . Had to return it and just bought an OEM filter instead.From reading around this is a common issue for the K&N ; filter for Triumphs . So beware!Amazon was great to work with on the return .
 I have the Thule Atlantis 2100 , the biggest one they make and needed a lift to store this beast in my garage . I thought I had a complete set-up with this product . I should have heeded my gut after reading the previous reviews.After several trips to the hardware store and wasted hours standing my 10 ' ladder , I 'm sending this puppy back ! For the amount of money I had to spend on this , I 've had to also : - buy my own wood screws for the pulleys & brackets -LRB- they supply masonry screws which is pointless -RRB- - buy 2 , 2x4s at 10 feet long - cut said 2x4s into three sections to make proper attachment points - buy lag bolts to attach said sections to the ceiling - buy a metric allen wrench set to tighten the crank mechanism to their bracket -LRB- they simply could n't throw one in ? -RRB- - buy pipe insulation so the flimsy rope that they provided does n't get worn/cut by the containerAnd their instructions were written by a 2nd grader with a bad left eye.As I was cutting the 2x4s and starting to drill pilot holes into them , I had to stop , wipe the sawdust off my brow and ask myself , `` Why on earth am I working so hard , buying additional hardware , making multiple trips to the hardware store to mount a lift system that , based on this high price , should have everything that I need ? `` So , this is going back . Even the previous reviews on the product stated
 I just got a mat in the mail ... It 's black one with blue outline . That 's it . Sure the service is quickly , but this is a wrong picture .
 The outline of the flames has a sea green color which goes well with theBlue Flames Steering Wheel Coverhowever I wish to find the front floor mats to match . I wish someone had wrote a review before my purchase .
 I would give this One Star but Amazon made it right . I 've had this sitting out for 5 days now and the stink is not subsiding so I decided to return it to Amazon . When I tried to do a return on it amazon said just keep it and we 'll still refund your money . I guess they do n't want to smell it either . I got the exact same one for a dollar more at O'reillys and it does n't smell . Guess I will hand it outside for awhile ... . the Arizona heat can suck the stink out of anything !! Thanks Amazon . And by the way ... I did try it out and it fits and feels very nice but I do n't know how it loks in the car because my eyes were watering from the smell .
 It took a very long time for me to receive this product from the seller . The quality was not what I expected , and I hit purchase before seeing what the shipping charges were . Buyer beware .
 I ordered this tonneau cover for my Honda Ridgeline after evaluating a lot of covers . It arrived on time , but when I tried to install it , the mounting bracket did not fit . The three holes drilled in the mounting bracket were not spaced properly . I returned it to Amazon who was very responsive .
 not water tight , had to order twice they screwed up first orderto expensive , if i had to buy again would go to honda get genuinehonda part.still beter than nothing
 Access should be ashamed to market this thing . Right out of the box , the side mounting rails appeared to have been hacked up by a failing high school shop student . Notches where cut to allow for the opening of the Ridgeline 's in-bed trunk , which is understandable ... but the end result left a sharp 90 degree shard of aluminum resembling a prison shank on both sides of the cargo bed . Unacceptable.Thinking this shoddy manufacture was a ` one off ' mistake , the Honda dealership -LRB- where the truck was purchased -RRB- ordered another from Access ... low and behold , it too had been mutilated by the above mentioned shop student . Honda offered to either refund the cost of the cover or modify it ; I chose to let them modify it . No thanks to the dolts at Access , the side rails are now free of flesh gouging prison weapons and the unit looks as it should.Unless you are comfortable with doing metalwork , or do n't mind being stabbed ... I would NOT recommend this tonneau cover for the Honda Ridgeline .
 I was hoping it will work and fit my Ridgeline , but it came out the rails design is not good , so I have to ask for refund . Seller is pretty efficient on return process . I will recommend the seller , but not the product though .
 This item was not as good as I had hoped for . After installation , it lasted about two days . It was easy to install butWINDOW REGULATOR chevy chevrolet SILVERADO PICKUP 99-04 gmc YUKON DENALI 00-05 TAHOE cadillac ESCALADE 02-05 ESV 03-05 SIERRA 02-04 XL 01-05 AVALANCHE EXT front lhit just locked up and would n't roll up or down . It was from Parts Train . The dealer I purchased it from was very good in helping me . -LRB- Great Auto Parts -RRB- .
 The mohawk would n't stay on the helmet . We tried everything possible and it wo n't stick . It is very poorly made : -LRB-
 Suction cups do not stick and it does not fit my helmet very good . I definately would not recommend this item .
 uhhh next time you sell these things clarify your only selling the mohawk not the helmet with the mohawk way to get peoples hopes up guys really smooth
 I purchased this for my grandson - he had it on his wish list . Even after reading the description of the item it does n't say it was just an attachment to a helmet . I think the company had better re-write the production description . My grandson has no use for this without a helmet . I hope other customers read this review before buying anything from this website.Mis-lead customer .
 What they do n't state about this particular relay is the fact that two terminals are much larger than the other two . They wo n't fit any standard relay socket , and if you use this you will have to purchase larger terminal connectors for your purpose ! Found out the hard way !
 Wanted a temporary fix for my electric fan to get me home from vacation and this was WAY to temporary ... . Running a 30 amp max in-rush electric fan -LRB- through a 30 amp fuse powering it BEFORE the relay -RRB- so IF this was a 70 amp unit as advertised it should have lasted longer than the three days it took to melt down ... . Got a Bosch relay and it worked perfect for the three months I needed it to in Florida , and its still fine as a spare in my tool box ... . The Hella is n't rated properly , no where near a 70 amp relay , maybe 30 .
 I bought these after hitting two deer in three weeks . I have asked a couple of people if they worked and read the reviews on here . From the first day after installing them the deer did the same thing as they did without them . I am not just talking about once or twice but every time . That tells me this product does nothing.After two weeks of seeing deer not reacting I decided to relocate them just to see if that helped . It did not . I am not sure if there is a product out there that will make the deer run away from you instead of toward you but really this is not it . They did come as described and in good condition and my review in no way reflects any bad opinions on the seller .
 I had these on my 2009 Toyota Venza driving at Rockland NY around 4:30 am on my way to work and hit a deer . Two of them actually crossed the road , the first one made it to the other side but the second one hit my left fender . I was driving about 45-50 mph , way above the 35 mph claimed operational speed . My four month old Venza spent 2.5 weeks at the body shop , it looked like new after it was repaired but my emotional experience will never be the same . Save your money , now I 'm doing research on ultrasonic deer alert devices . I recently ordered the Hopkins -LRB- now Hoppy -RRB- Trailblazer 12 volt device - will test it and do another review.This is my personal experience - IT DOES N'T WORK . If you want to take your 30 % chance of avoiding a collision with a deer -LRB- based on research -RRB- then go get these . When my Venza was being repaired in the body shop , ironically the whistles were still mounted . With the technology available today , these whistles are a joke .
 I worked for the State of Virginia and had to report to duty at 6am . Since I 've had my car in 06 I bought a pair of these plastic deer avoidance devices and installed them as directed . I have hit two deer with these on the car , the first one in 2007 and the second in 2009 . The first hit did n't do any damage , but flipped a small deer in the air and it died upon landing on a guardrail . That was in the daylight on the way home at approx . 60 mph . The second was on the same Highway in Jan 09 . It did 3K damage to the car and was a direct hit in foggy conditions . I did manage to slow down to about 35 on impact . I 'm lucky the airbag did n't deploy , body shop said an inch more to the center from the passenger side would have totaled the vehicle . Do the electronic ones work ? I have no idea however if they also do not work expect another truth review . This area is infested with deer along highways .
 They MAY work for DEER but DO NOT work for MOOSE . I missed a moose by inches two nights ago while they were on my vehicle . If you want them you can have them . Email me and I will send them to you FREE !!!!!!
 I tryed to order this twice and email them with no reply order elsewhere if you want them in a timely fashion , which is what I ended up doing .
 Steering wheel came on time , and fit the wheel great , but it was supposed to be in new condition , and it came dirty ! The white NOS symbols where grayish pink ! Please , if you 're going to sell us a USED steering wheel , please say so in the product description !
 This steering wheel cover looked great , was n't too difficult to wrestle on and is comfortable to the touch . However , the first day of use , the sun bleached the blue flames to a sickening sea-foam green . Does n't look nearly so good with my blue flames seat covers and floor mats . They stayed blue .
 Well , it does cover my steering wheel and it does have flames . It is not , however , blue and white . :-LRB- More like navy blue and teal .
 The steering wheel cover is not royal blue flames like the picture displays . The one I received today was a dark navy blue color with a teal-looking outline . Very , Very , Very , disappointed with this product . The description definately says `` colors that will not discolor or fade '' and the ` new ' one I received was exactly that ... faded and discolored .
 The colors are off , not nearly as vivid as the picture might suggest . The colors are much more sea green then blue . not what i thought i was getting but will have to do until i can find another . Though it says it fits most , the wheel sometimes slips under the cover as you make turns - i have a standard size steering wheel -LRB- 2006 Chevy Cobalt -RRB-
 I ordered one and it does n't match the product picture . Hoping the seller will e mail me back so I can get the one pictured !! I also have the match mats , those I am very happy with .
 It 's probably my fault that I did n't read the directions and I never owned a car that has no door frame surrounding the top of the window . My Outback is my first - with its window down it has no frame above the door . Anyway , when I first installed them I put them right above the window - where they are supposed to go as I thought . Well when I opened the door the windows ripped the visors right off . They are supposed to go higher so that the windows can clear them . After running to the hardware store for more double sided tape I got them properly installed according to the directions . I believe this product is defeatist as the point of it is to create a wind break RIGHT ABOVE THE WINDOW NOT AN INCH ABOVE ! There is a reason why it was so hard to find this set ... the entire concept of a window vent is not kosher for cars that have no door frame . They simply made them so that people who know no better would buy them , but they do not keep weather and wind out very well at all . In fact with the window open a crack I now have a jet of cold air hit me just behind my ear . It 's winter here now , and I 'm afraid of the rain come this spring . Bottom line ... SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 Disappointed in the vent shades . Unattractive external mounting . Returned them . Would not recommend this product . Try other brands for this type accessory .
 Auto Ventshade 94922 Ventvisor 4-Piece Smoke Window VisorThis model was the ` fitted ' 4 piece vent set for my 2003 Subaru outback wagon.However , the way the windows are designed , you can not put four vent shades on this car unless you want to attach them to the window itself!I would like to contact the seller and see if they have a two piece set , but there is no way I can find to contact them directly through Amazon.So be wary of the recommended vent shades for your car - take a good look at your car and how they should be installed before you buy.PS - I did purchase one set from them and they sent me shades for a pickup truck . They did accept the return free of all charges .
 i wasnt very pleaseed how this product fit around the front door of the subaru , i have seen other competitors fit tighter , will be trying to get replacement or compensation for not a good fitting product
 Received the tool as shown in the picture . Instructions are lacking at best . The bottom requires removal to oil the tool per the instructions and maintenance/cleaning . The bottom is seized to the bottom . No amount of force , heat , removing paint , or Master Blaster helped . I contacted the mfg without any reply . Tried to return the item and got no response to date . Tried the tool without being able to add oil per instructions , added oil to air intake . Tool would not grab rivets and would break off the shafts prior to rivet getting tight . Adjusting air pressure did not help . Disassembled the nose and adjusted which helped slightly . This tool will not pull 3/16 aluminum rivets . Only steel and stainless will pull correctly now . This tool is junk , you get what you pay for.As for the extras included , they are basically a rebuild kit which should never be needed . Once attachments are put on tool the case becomes useless . The case was one of the reasons I choose this tool . Tool must be disassembled to use case . Amazon and Manufacturer have been unresponsive . Go elsewhere .
 ITEM ARRIVED DOA ; AFTER CONSULTATION WITH ALT . TECH REP ITEM DEEMED DEFECTIVE ; WILL RETURN AND EXCHANGE FOR ANOTHER SAME TYPE ALT . HOPE THIS REPLACEMENT WORKS.THIS IS A QUALITY COMMERCIALLY USED BRAND ; NOT KNOWN TO BE DEFECTIVE ; MANUFACTURER GIVES ONE YEAR FREE ROAD SERVICE IF ALT . FAILS ... ALT . CUSTOMER TECH SUPPORT SUPERIOR.GIVING IT 2 STARS FOR ROAD SERVICE AND ALT . TECH SUPPORT AND MOST OF ALL FOR AMAZON 'S PEERLESS CUSTOMER SERVICE WHICH WILL PROVIDE NEW ALT . ONE -LSB- 1 -RSB- DAY DELIVERY AND PRE-PAID UPS PICK-UP RMA TO RETURN DEFECTIVE ITEM . CA N'T ASK FOR BETTER CUSTOMER SERVICE.AMAZON RULES !
 Ca n't somebody make and sell a terry cloth bonnet that will work with my PC polisher ? Do not buy this product
 Really bad at removing wax . Would not buy again . I think you could do much better with microfiber . Hold out for a better product .
 These bulbs lasted from purchase date to failure 20 days , the one going out at 18 days , the other at 20 . They were nice and bright when they worked , nice blue color to them , and cheap with very fast shipping from the seller . They say 55W in the product description , I received 65W bulbs , which more then likely contributed to their premature failure .
 IMHO , these wipers are cheap in price and performance ; they wipe fairly well for a short time , but chatter and wear out quickly .
 Installed 4-5 months ago , the blade already detached at the far hand and I hardly drive my car . Out of all the blades I bought in my 20 + years of driving , I 've never seen a blade that does n't last at least a year and back then I was on the road everyday doing 20 + K miles / year . I doubt I did more than 2K miles with this wiper.I 'm glad I bought via amazon , I was able to track my order and the new pair of blade that I order wo n't be ANCO .
 The first time I tried to hook it up to the tire using the nifty PLASTIC nozzle the worthless hunk of junk broke and rendered the item inert . It now resides in a landfill ; a far , far better place indeed . Buy one for someone you do n't like .
 The price is cheap because it 's made of flimsy cheap parts . The plastic flip handle in the nozzle broke after the second tire .
 The manual is OK about what it does cover but it leaves way too much uncovered . If you are going to work on these cars , the Toyota filed service manual is the only good one that I know of . If you by this manual , then do not expect much or you will be disappointed.For example , consider replacing the fresh air or cabine air filter which is usually located behind the glove box . Turn to the index and search for filter or cabin or fresh or glove and you find NOTHING . The only mention of air filter is the engine intake air filter .
 received the window vents and they are not for a crew cab . . even thought the item # says it is , , its not its for a extented cab . now got ta figure out how to ship it back , , should be no charge , not our fault , we put the right info in and it gave us this product # , says for crew cab chevy . aghhhh !!
 I tried several methods to attach this door closer to my rv screen door . It either blocked the closure of the door or made a horrendous screeching noise when opening . After the door opened and closed a few times the spring stretched out so it does n't even close anymore . I have removed it altogether .
 this package doesnt include armrest , when i recieved this shipment , i compained amazon about missing part and they send me replace shipmentbut in replacement shipment as well this piece is missing , i called amazon and they are not sure if it is part of this packageBad part - armrest is missing so uselessGood part - It is from amazon so no issue in refund/return -LRB- best part of amazon -RRB-
 I do n't have much to say in this review , other than I attached my hose securely to the Euroblaster , had the switch in the `` off '' position , turned on the water and after a couple seconds of a creaking noise , there was a loud BANG , big shards of sharp plastic were sent flying in the air and in my face , a huge gush of water drenched me , and that was the end of the Euroblaster.Honestly , some stuff `` as seen on TV '' is actually good quality , but I can not stress enough what an unbelievable piece of JUNK this thing is , and darn well could have seriously injured me too , at which time I would have promptly sued its manufacturer . How convenient that Emson does not provide an email address to complain , so this thing is going back in the mail for a refund.Really , please do n't buy this thing and save yourself the headache .
 SIMPLY GIVES YOU A WET LOOK FOR A DAY , BUT WILL GO TO A MATTE BLACK IN THE DAY AFTER.I THINK THIS IS NOT WHAT MOST PEOPLE NEED AND HOPE THEY PHASE IT OUT SOON , SO WE DO N'T WASTE MORE $ $ ON THIS.THAT SAID , NXT LIQUID WAX IS ONE OF THE BEST CONSUMER WAX I USED , BUT THAT 'S ANOTHER STORY ...
 I got this as part of the kit sold on AmazonMeguiar 's NXT Wash & Wax Kit . Of the kit , I am happy with the quick detailer -LRB- which I have used the most -RRB- , the NXT Car wash -LRB- okay , I guess -RRB- . I have yet to use the NXT Wax . This product , the insane tire shine is the weakest of them . It gives an `` insane '' shine when first used , but by the next day it is gone . I was scratching my head wondering what I was doing wrong - perhaps my prep ? my washing method ? Finally , I had the opportunity to use another product -LRB- a well recommended tire gel -RRB- and a week gone and the tire still shines great . I paid about $ 15 for that product , somewhat higher than this one , but I am very happy with it so far.Not the best effort from Meguiar 's .
 Only plus is that they look good.The fit is mediocre . There is no stretch areas so fitting them is a pain and there are still areas that are either too tight or too loose . Getting them on the back of my front seats required cutting out pieces of the factory seats.They are n't waterproof at all . They might as well be made of terrycloth , they absorb liquid that well.After 1 year , I have multiple tears , including the back seats which see VERY little use.Buy the Wet Okole
 it would be nice if you would put the dimensions of the product on the page . how long ? how wide ? How can buyers contact you ? where is the contact seller option ? when we select our truck to see if it matches , theres no option to put the length of our truck bed . no return information . very poor customer service .
 I received this cover to install on my 05 Tacoma XRunner . I read reviews everywhere that it may not be an `` exact '' fit , but that it fits very well . I opened the box , put the cover on the bed of my truck , unfolded it , and was in disbelief on how terrible the fitment was . Sure , it may not be Lund 's fault that the Toyota Tacoma does n't have a completely rectangular bed , but do n't list this cover as fitting a Tacoma when it clearly does n't . I am very particular with how my vehicles look . The cover itself looked and felt of excellent quality , but if you do purchase this product for your Tacoma , expect the rear corners of the cover to stick out about 3 inches on each side . Needless to say I had to return it .
 the radio came quickly , but just 15 days ago , I start having troubles w / the radio , it did n't read CD 's , Dvd 's , SD 's , by the way , the radio did n't read MP4 , only in AVI . . . another thing to be dissapointed was the TV funtion it was terrible I never could To look at television it or hear it . the sound was excellent . but that it . I use it only to hear radio , then I return the radio and get a refound . I wo n't ever would buy another of one .
 I bought a DVD Bluetooth car radio from this buyer . Yes he did send it right away , but when I recieved it and had it installed , it did not work correctly . I tried several times to contact this buyer . The number he posted on his web site is a cell phone . I contacted the local police and sent them to the address on the buyers web site , I learned that there is no such address but just a post Offfice box . Later that month my credit car was charged several times from that same location where the seller web address is . So I not only did not get a working radio . but I had my card charge several times .
 Apparently it is a good purchase because it is an extraordinary price , but I bought one six months ago by internet and my technician installed it well . It worked for three months well but suddently began to swap beetween FM Stereo and DVD Player without reason . After two months more , the stereo shut down and shut on whitout any contact , just the car was on and the DVD player swap beetwen `` on and off '' on it own . It was a trouble , but the worst thing was when the radio did n't switch on again , just with six month of use.Actually I am looking another DVD player with a renowned brand .
 I was already warned about how heavy this impact wrench is by other reviewers . I was hoping for a wrench that really had a lot of torque . I was very disappointed when I compared it with my 18 volt Znex . The Milwaukee would n't loosen bolts even with a freshly charged battery that the Znex would . I sadly returned it and am still in search of a stronger cordless impact wrench . The eighteen volt Bosh says it will deliver 500 plus pounds of torque . Maybe it is a better tool .
 I purchased this item for my daughter , who requested a first aid Kit from Santa this Christmas . They took my money , but the item never arrived . Buyer beware !
 Man I wished it actually did something for my truck , it was cheap and I got it fast but that 's the only thing I can say good about it . Save your money , absolutely no change when added to a diesel engine !!!
 After only one year of use the compressor knocks and makes noises , so guess what ... I had to replace it BECAUSE IT ONLY HAD A 90 DAY WARRANTY !
 The driver side mat is a poor fit for a 2004 Toyota Rav 4 . It is not cut correctly . The mat rides up over the left foot rest so it does n't lay flat on the floor as it should . A deeper cut as shown in the photo would have worked , but that 's not what we got . We returned the product , no problem .
 The floormats did not fit the car . The hooks were on the wrong side . So , we returned them and described the problem . We got the same floormats back !
 I ordered the FabTech suspension set up as pictured . I also was surprised that I only got ONE spring . Nothing in the advertisement , -LRB- showing a complete front suspension -LRB- two spring sets , 8 U bolts , two front shocks , two spring stops plus two rear shocks -RRB- and nothing in the wording specifies only getting one spring . But I was able to send it back without too much problem .
 I ca n't really rate this item because , I never did get the whole package . I called to verify the order and was told everything was in the package and ready to ship . When I got the package , it only had one spring in it . Then I was told they did not know when the rest of my package would be here . I ca n't really fault amazon . They refunded my money very quickly and apologized . I 'm sure , that if I had received everything that I had ordered , this would have been a good purchase .
 I tried removing oil/brake fluid stains with this degreaser on my brick driveway . I followed directions and after that did nothing to remove the stains I tried pouring the product full strength . This product did not work for me . I have since purchased and used Zep Citrus Degreaser -LRB- Amazon -RRB- and it worked beautifully .
 This was highly rated to eat oil form a variety of surfaces like concrete . Did n't work for me , maybe if you have a drop of oil it might work . I used the entire contents over a period of a month , even scrubed it with a heavy duty brush . Anything more than that save your money or get muriatic acid .
 In its defense I have yet to find anything that will actually clean grease spills . My jeep leaked some motor oil on a brand new white concrete driveway so I used this . It may have faded the spill a bit after letting it sit and some intense scrubbing , but the spill was very much still visible .
 I purchased this product because of the reviews , but it did not work at all on a oil stain in my driveway ... So , I would not reccomend for driveway stains ... Too bad it sounded so promising from the reviews ...
 After reading the Amazon reviews , I anxiously awaited my shipment so that I can try removing some fresh oil stains on a brand new concrete driveway . I followed all instructions and tried applying and cleaning several times and the best I got was some lightening of the stains . Needless to say I am disappointed in this product and would not recommend it for ` oil on concrete ' applications .
 Bought this product based off of its rating on Amazon ... However , I 'm with a few other reviewers that have n't seen much/any improvement on treated areas . My application was on both concrete -LRB- brand-new -RRB- and cobblestone . The grease trap on my grill was dislodged and about a pint of hamburger/steak/chicken / vegetable oil/grease was spilled in approx a 5 ' splash radius . I tried to immediately treat with hot water , shop towels and spot-clean with dish soap . Of course , results were next to nothing . As I procrastinated and let it set in -LRB- 95 degree Houston weather/sun -RRB- for about a month it had plenty of time to bond . I applied this product in its suggested diluted state , slightly less diluted , then straight full-strength . I tried at night , during the day , and even directly after a strong rain . Very , very , little fading to the stain occured after 4-6 applications of this stuff . Either my stain is untreatable or this stuff is crap . I 'm trying other products over the course of the next few days , I 'll update this review if anything changes .
 I tried this on a spilled used motor oil on concerete surface . Tried this product , it did not do anything . I eneded up using the Gunk Grease Remover to claen the oiled surface .
 I GOT THIS PRODUCT TO GET SOME GREASE STAINS OUT OF SOME OF MY WORK SHIRTS . THIS PRODUCT IS SUPPOSE TO REMOVE GREASE FROM JUST ABOUT EVERYTHING , DID NOT WORK ON MY SHIRTS , BUT , IN ALL HONSTRY NOTHING ELES I HAVE TRIED WORK EITHER .
 Some workers left some mystery stains on my concrete driveway , figured they were gas or oil . Tried some Simple Green did n't work so bought this stuff . I 've used it 3 or 4 times so far and if it had any effect , it 's pretty minor.However , I got some lubricating grease on my hands the other day and tried this for that . It did help in that case . So it 's not totally useless , just not the magic potion I hoped for .
 This did n't get the oil spots off of our driveway that is not yet a year old . I thought it would do a better job .
 this package doesnt include armrest , when i recieved this shipment , i compained amazon about missing part and they send me replace shipmentbut in replacement shipment as well this piece is missing , i called amazon and they are not sure if it is part of this packageBad part - armrest is missing so uselessGood part - It is from amazon so no issue in refund/return -LRB- best part of amazon -RRB-
 Seems like it would have worked great if not for it cutting into my radiator hose . Not sure if it was damaged during shipping or not .
 This stuff is for real , cutting through old and grease like nothing else that I have ever used ! I highly recommend this product .
 I bought this product after reading other reviews about it 's ability to remove oil stains . I have oil stains on my Composite wood decking with some dark residue caused by the Woodbridge NJ Township spraying by helicopter for mosquotios . I sprayed the Oil eater undiluted let it settle then scrubbed very hard with deck scrub brush by hand , spraying more as needed , let it work for some more time and washed with garden hose thoroughly . The darkness of the stains in gone but I can still see the stains although faded . The deck looks slightly faded too because I had to use undiluted Oil eater other wise it was n't making any difference . I do not agree with the manufacturer 's claims that it will remove oil stains guranteed . Unsatisfactory product . Shipping was unsatisfactory too . I was charged $ 11.44 just as much as the cost of the product itself , ordered it on Sep 24 , 2011 and received it on Oct 4 , 2011 - 13 days !! Unsatisfactory .
 I decided to buy it after reading from reviews that it worked on driveways . It only worked on a certain concrete stain which I think is all motor oil , but you have to apply it again and again until most of the stain is gone . Other stains that were petroleum based , no effect at all . If you 're looking at cleaning your concrete driveway , go to your local auto parts store , they have a few products you can try . I found one that worked better than this product .
 It was missing some of the powder coat . I returned it and found a replacement on Amazon for $ 1.00 less that included the bumper !
 I bought this suction gun to be able to re-fill the transfer case on my Suburban - it 's a pain to get at , and pretty much the only way to do it is with a suction gun . I had bought another one last year from an auto part chain to do my front differential , but it did not handle the thick fluid , so I had returned it . I figured I needed to buy a better quality one.After looking thru the description on a number of them on Amazon , I settled on this one , as it supposed is made to handle automotive fluids , and I figured it should do the job . I noticed that the tubing that comes with it did not fit into the fill hole , so with a razor blade I was able to strip-down the thick-walled tubing at the last one inch , and then it fit into the fill hole just fine . The first quart went in fine , but as I started the second quart , it the fluid started leaking out of the plunge-rod . I was able to finish the job , but it was certainly disappointing to have fluid streaming out . Have n't used it on any thicker fluids yet , so not sure how it would be with them . Maybe it was leaking because I had to pump sideways/up into the transfer case , and if you were able to be pumping down into something , it would work OK ? Seems to me that the reason you get a suction gun is to be able to go sideways/up into hard to get at places .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 I purchased this Gates tensioner along with a newGates drive beltandidler pullyfor my 2005 Dodge Grand Caravan -LRB- 3.8 L engine -RRB- . I chose to replace these items as a part of routine maintenance since it had n't been done in over 90K miles . While installing the tensioner , I noticed that the OEM tensioner that I was replacing was a Dayco unit . After I was done , all seemed well until about a month later , the belt started squealing briefly on cold start-ups . Then as the days went by it got worse - the squealing was happening for the first few minutes of driving . Then it started happening whenever the van was idling . This annoyed the heck out of my wife , so off I went to repair the problem.I replaced both the tensioner and the drive belt again with Dayco parts . That fixed it , and seven months later , the drive belt system is still quiet . Seems a bit odd since I 've never had problems with Gates belts/tensioners in the past . But lesson learned . : -RRB-
 this does not look like stainless in the photo so I searched the part number . 21276 is a Quiet-Flow3 muffler not Quiet-Flow SS as represented . It is made of aluminised steel
 I 've had Smittybilt items on several vehicles in the past , but this experience has been horrendous !! I guess my first warning should have been the `` Made in China '' label . The instructions were obviously written by a non-native English speaking person who did not use spell check . The instructions do not match up to the illustrations and extra items are shown in diagrams that are not included . The instructions also said to use an existing hole in the frame that was no where near where it should have been.But wait , it gets worse!The first set I received had totally incorrect mounting brackets . Amazon was fantastic and reshipped the second set immediately . This box had the correct brackets , along with an extra package of totally unrelated hardware . On a positive note , all parts were either labeled or stamped , BUT THE BRACKETS WERE STAMPED INCORRECTLY ! They reversed the driver 's side and passenger side rear brackets !! Once I realized that error , the holes were drilled - 6 instead of 4 as the instructions said - and of course a bolt would not go into one of the welded nuts on the mounting plate ! Each of the mounting plates has a nut that was welded crookedly!Needless to say , what should have been a fairly straightforward installation is still incomplete and I am most frustrated ! I should have read the reviews on other forums prior to buying what used to be a quality brand . Lesson learned ...
 I bought these so my wife could enter/exit my Jeep more easily . I can not comment on the quality or value as they do not fit my 1999 Jeep Wrangler SE even though the Amazon `` Find Parts That Fit Your Vehicle '' application states quite clearly that this product will fit my particular make/model . Will be returning for a refund .
 I did a fair amount of research before purchasing a new bed mat for my 2009 Silverado 2500HD w / standard bad ; since others I 've bought locally from parts stores in the past have been flimsy and thin.The Trail FX unit is supposed to be designed for your specific model of truck , and is made in the US from 3/8 '' material.I received the mat in good condition and on-time from the shipper , and installed it into my truck bed after cleaning the bed surface to keep any dust or dirt from sanding my paint beneath the mat.I always keep my truck very clean ; including the bed ; but it 's still a truck and need to be able to haul loads that may scratch the bed paint ... Hence the need for the mat.During installation of the mat , I noticed it was shedding quite a bit of rubble dust and pebbles from the underside surface.I figured this was due to the fact that it was brand new , and that it would stop shedding after being in place for a while.I took a clean push broom and swept both sides of the mat thoroughly before installation.Over the next month , I noticed increasing amounts of the rubber pebbles accumulating in the truck bed.Each time I noticed this ; I would take the opportunity to remove the mat and sweep out the rubber dust and pebbles ; only to see them return in a week.After a month of seeing this mat shed more and more material ; I opted to remove it and purchase another product from a local tractor supply center.This new mat is thicker than the Trail FX mat and has not lost any material at all in the two months it has been in service.Another `` deal-breaker '' was that the Trail-FX mat never seemed to fit quite right in my truck bed ; even though it was ordered as a model-specific unit for my truck -LRB- using Amazon 's automative department vehicle-specific search -RRB- . It was not until I bought the replacement mat from Tractor Supply that I determined taht I may not have received the right product from the shipper ; a search of the Trail FX website seems to confirm that the unit I received is actually for the 88 - 98 Chevy truck -LRB- part # 501D -RRB- , not the # 620D that is supposed to fit my truck.Bottom line
 These struts were ok for the money . They ride is not that great and I would rather get a bit better struts .
 After one month in my car this thing is registering bad . I go to amazon for a return slip and find that I am only going to a partial refund , have to pay shipping both ways-zero chance I will do that . Do n't by trash like this , go to a local auro parts store so that you can at least have someone stand behind their product . What a let down-UPDATE-amazon was great , offered a total replacement and if paying shipment . as to the product , it obviously should have never gone bad in a month
 I did n't find any power gain or mileage gain noticeable . Everything seems the same way it was before I put it on .
 Had a friend talk this up to me for a while . I know TB spacers essentially work for a TBI or carb 'd motor , but not really on a MPI/EFI motor and something the 200-300 cubic inch range that does n't have a `` big '' cam or maybe a ported head . So , I got one . He 's a good friend that I 'm not to mad at , eventhough it was a waste of money . I think all the other positive reviewers have the `` car wash effect '' going.Other ways to spend the money or save it :1 . Open air element . -LRB- eventhough the OE box and filter cleans the air better , hence restriction -RRB- 2 . Save up for a cam . -LRB- eventhough the OE one is great also and it 's a lot of work -RRB- 3 . 62mm TB are great way to compliment other performance mods .4 . Header -LRB- yes , I do think they work , depending on brand of course -RRB- 5 . Aftermarket cat-back and a Random Tech cat . -LRB- yeah , I said it -RRB- 6 . Rebuild the motor or stroke it .7 . If you want to waste your money on a programer or chip ; Hypertech or UniChip . -LRB- my opinon -RRB- 8 . Stop carrying around a spare tire -LRB- cut wieght -RRB- . Carry a tire repair kit .9 . If you want better MPG , then sell your Jeep and get a Civic .10 . If you want better Hp , then sell your Jeep and get Corvette -LRB- or swap a Vette motor into your Jeep -RRB- . Also , change the oil reguraly and keep it tuned up or just make a contribution to your IRA .
 This product is very well constructed . The machining is very well done , but thats as far as the good comments go.Before installing this item , I was getting 14.9-15 .4 MPG , after installing it , I dropped to 12.9-13 .4 . I immediately removed it and sent it back.Its a waste of time to install for a performance gain .
 I purchased the Airaid TBS for my 4.0 Jeep Wrangler only after reading numerous online reviews . My expectations were realistic and I did not expect an amazing transformation under the hood.The install was simple and straight forward taking a 1/2 hour or thereabout.On my initial test drive and subsequent road trips I failed to notice any improvement in power , throttle response or engine sound at any RPM level . It did n't even produce the `` annoying '' whistling sound so many have reported with an Airaid TBS.I attempted to contact Airaid through their website to discuss my results or lack there of several weeks ago . They never bothered to reply or respond ... ??? Overall , Airaid 's 310-510 Throttle Body Spacer and their lack of customer support/service failed to impress on any level .
 This cover may fit a beach chair , but definately will not cover standard lawn chairs , it 's at least 6 '' too short . Product dimentions on the description would have been helpful .
 Comes with a snatch block and remote , which is better than the original SW remote , which is like the warn winch remote.My old SW 9000 had smaller cable , but this cable was too damaged after using it 4 times . As usual all the anchors I have are off thee side of the trail ; trees . It is now all kinked and the wire splitting . the other negative is the little plastic cap over the remote plug broke off . another negative is that it is too hard to pull the cable out on free spool . I have done allot of winching so I know what I am saying here . it also did not match up to my winch plate so I had to drill new wholes for it.I do not recommend this winch
 I could not tell from the picture , and so wound up ordering this item by mistake . For anyone else like me who is looking for protection of all four sides of the kleenex box , this item is NOT what you are looking for . The product picture is fuzzy , but when you look close , you can tell that the box is not complete on all four sides . It curves down from the one full side -LRB- toward the back in the picture -RRB- into a shallow clear plastic tray that the top of the kleenex box sits in . The full side that is not shown has two slots for screw mounting -LRB- screws included -RRB- as well as two indentations for the double-stick foam tape -LRB- also included . -RRB- I needed something to protect all four sides , which would keep the tissue box from crushing when shoved under a car seat . This item is mildly sturdy plastic -LRB- mine came with dings and chips in it -RRB- , probably fine for its intended use , which is to mount a kleenex box out of the way on a wall . Unfortunately wo n't work for my purpose . It 's not worth sending back , so I 'm hoping that my review will keep others from making the same mistake .
 the winch is great but do not buy it from Amazon !!!!! they do not back up what they are selling . They say the snach block is a standard feature but they do not send it and trying to get it is impossible enless you send the whole winch back and then there is no guaranty it will come in the next order after all that .
 Purchase a unit with a ` slider ' style cutting device on it . This one does not cut the material well , especially if you wall-mount it -LRB- as it said it was designed for -RRB- . Tried it several different ways , ended up recycling them , eating the cost , and buying a better unit from IKEA . You get what you pay for in this case .
 was the wrong radiator for my car explorer 2002 and no more in stock waste time and money when I drove to there warehouse .
 Just simply Did Not Work ... leak in radiator , used this and leak still continued ... ended up buying a new radiator ... not happy with product
 It does not pull its rated load . Its been four months and it still works , but if you are searching for a specific load calculate about half of what they claim . This unit is more designed for pulling a small 3000 lb car rolling in neutral up a low ramp . If you need more than that go elsewhere
 I will say this , the company shipped this item extremely quickly which was a plus . My only issue is I received the item in two pieces . It was snapped in half when I pulled it out of the envelope so I had to throw it away . I think I 'll order a metal one next time .
 I can not review this product because I never received it . I have sent emails to the company but as of now they are not sending me another License Plate .
 This stand is a piece of junk . It sounds like the same POS that someone else reviewed with a different name . It has a pipe in the middle that is attached like a christmas tree stand except it only has 2 bolts at the top and bottom each 120deg apart . This means when you tighten them it cocks it to one side and is still loose and wobbles . Also it is only 30 '' from floor to the top of the deck , unlike 36 '' to the top of my bench . You could build a better stand from a cinder block , a 4x4 and a piece of plywood . I already packed this piece of junk back up and called to have it sent back . Also , I could tell this item had already been returned once before . I did n't see the christmas tree style bolt attachments in the picture but do n't be fooled like I was .
 It 's just branded as for wheels . same ingredients , etc. as any commercial paste wax , so it 's easier to grab brake dust and harder to remove once it gets caked on .
 I too bought this Eagle One Nano wax after watching the infomercial . It looked so easy and the shine was fantastic on TV . Maybe I am not doing it right but I 'm telling you be prepared to extend some serious elbow grease trying to wipe this wax off without leaving smudges and swirls . Over and over harder and harder and still the smudges . That was on dark blue , new paint . Yes , the spray on was easy but the removal was a bear . I could n't recommend this wax .
 This product does not make your car look better ; it makes it look worse . Instead of turning into a glossy shine , this product turns into streaks and smudges -LRB- even when using a `` microfiber '' cloth . -RRB- Maybe there is an art to applying the spray properly , but I sure could n't figure it out .
 I watched the TV infomercial where this product saved a scratched paint-job . As luck would have it -LRB- so to speak -RRB- I had painted my car with clear-coat and as the clear-coat did not go on properly , I had to sand and buff it 4 times before it looked ** OK ** . . What I was left with were permanent swirl marks from the rubbing and polishing compounds that just would not come out . In particular , if the sun caught the car , the swirls were very obvious . There were also a couple of ` hazy areas ' that I did not want to sand down any further . A perfect job for Nanowax !!! I took the car to the carwash and ran it through , took it back home and used a commercial degreaser and then a heavy duty soap and water . The car was completely clean of any other products.I followed directions and what I ended up with was a car that not only still had all the prior swirl marks , but now had a spotty and patchy appearance , such as water spots on a glass shower door.I figured that maybe I did not apply it properly , so I cleaned everything and did it again with the same results.So , maybe it needs 2 applications , a base and final coat ???? Nope ! - Worse !!! The product does not do what it is advertised to do .
 junk do not buy after only 4 uses load switch broke . over a year old and company of no use
 The cover is well made and as such a very good product . Putting it on the camp oven is not easy due to the fact that it fully encloses the oven , top and bottom . It is for me to much trouble putting it on the camp oven . I would have preferred a cover which fits over the oven like a hood with an open bottom . This would cover the oven and keep it out of the weather and that is all I do need . I do not want to wrestle the oven while putting it into a complete enclosed storage bag it is getting to cumbersome for a 75 year old guy .
 I ordered this as a companion for my new Olympian stainless grill and had to return it . The first time I placed the grill inside and zipped it shut the corner of the grill cut right through the bag . The bag is very thin and rips with the slightest pressure . I would not recommend it .
 Product worked as I thought it would . Problem
 Do not buy this !!! I bought this for my 65 Chevy truck . Its got a Muncie m20 , a Hurst Comp Plus Shifter and a brand new McLeod Clutch . It looks the same as the Hurst super-boot in the package , but its not . The dimensions are exactly the same and looks as if though it may have come from an identical mold . But the rubber compound is very , very , very hard , making shifting impossible . it will actually pull your shifter out of gear because the rubber does n't stretch . I thought something was wrong with the transmission because it kept popping out of 2nd and 4th . It turned out to be this very hard boot that does not flex . Save yourself a lot of healing and spend the twenty bucks extra for the real Hurst Super-Boot . The Hurst rubber is way softer and more elastic . . It makes shifting nice and smooth .
 This is the first Spectre product I 've been disappointed in . I expected it to be an inexpensive knock off , with the same mounting dimensions as the Hurst Super Boot . The mounting pattern does not match and will only work if new mounting holes are drilled . Also , the rubber is so thick and stiff it does n't work very well as a shift boot . I do not recommend this product.Spectre 6284 Universal Rectangular Large Shift Boot
 This boot was garbage . Did not fit at all on my shifter even though Amazon said it would . -1 stars .
 the carpet is nice and they really do n't fit correct.They came with out the holes to fit correct to the car.so will have to find some hole bracketts to fit correct.It took a while to get them and then wrong when we did.Should have just gone to volvo dealer to get them.Color is correct.I think someone just grabbed off shelf and mailed them .
 I chose this fan because the picture has 6 blades . I needed a better fan than the oneI had . When the fan arrived it was a 5 blade , not much better than than the fan I had .
 Item originally arrived 2 days after purchase and it was DOA . Amazon sent a replacement unit that arrived 12 days later . Upon installing new unit it was also defective . Ended up buying a rebuilt alternator from local parts store and the car was back on the road . All this alternator does is cost you time and money going to the post office to return it .
 I ordered this muffler for my 2000 Chevy Metro after checking several websites to make sure it was the correct muffler for my car . I could have gotten a cheaper muffler and taken it to the muffler shop and paid them $ 50 to put it on but since this was described as `` Precision fit '' , I thought I would pay more for the muffler but save money by putting it on myself . When I got the muffler , I compared it to the one on the car and it `` looked '' the same , but after I had cut my muffler off and tried to install this one , I found out it is not the same . I could not get the exhaust pipe to line up correctly with the muffler , and since I had already painted it black I could not return it . I ended up having to go to the muffler shop and get them to install it , and even they could not bend the pipes to line up exactly right . The guy at the shop showed me the problem . The intake and output pipes on the stock muffler are off center , one to the inner side of the muffler and the other to the outer side , while the pipes on the Walker are both centered . This causes the input pipe to come very close to the coil spring , while the output pipe is not centered in the bumper slot . The muffler is also described as having `` Superior flow '' which I took to mean it might give me a slight increase in engine performance . Even though it is slightly louder than the stock muffler I have not noticed any difference in performance over the stock muffler . It does seem to be a well built muffler though .
 I ordered two of these filters . The packaging was safe and nice with more than enough padding in the box . However both of the filters were defective with top of the metal cans were bent.I returned them for a refund.Metal endcaps on both sides makes the total filtering area smaller than equivalent Toyota filters.Maybe a reason to use the bigger size .
 I have started using these filters instead of the more expensive Mobile 1 filters , but ran into trouble trying to get them off . They are a non-standard size and neither of my life-long trusted oil wrenches nor any of my standard sleeves , which attach to a socket wrench , would fit them . Why the different sizes from all other filters ? This is a pain in the neck . I went back to the auto parts store and none of their sleeves fit the filter . It does n't exist . Why did you do this , Wix ? I had to find and buy a larger oil wrench which eventually did the job , but had to pay extra . Not a very good engineering decision in my opinion .
 i ordered over 2 weeks ago and my order still has n't shipped , its sad the thing i ordered first has n't shipped and everything else already arrived .
 We ordered this part for a 1994 Chevy Cavalier Z28 only after using the `` My Garage '' tool on the Amazon site , to verify that this part would fit our vehicle . Upon taking the part to our mechanic , we were immediately told that this part does NOT fit a 1994 Chevy Cavalier Z28 -LRB- which , by the way , has a grand total of ONE -LRB- that 's a single -RRB- engine option , so there should not have been any confusion -RRB- . We ended up paying three times as much from the mechanic as we did online for this part , and now we can not get a full refund for this part , either . When we contacted the seller , we were abruptly and in a condescending tone , told that it was ` our ' responsibility to call our mechanic prior to ordering this part to ensure a fit -LRB- we thought we did not need to do such a thing , since the `` My Garage '' tool was telling us that this was a fit . -RRB- The seller refused to refund the entire purchase price -LRB- they want a 15 % ` restocking ' fee -RRB- and they refused to provide a return shipping label , so the shipping on this quite weighty car part falls upon us . We filed an Amazon A-Z claim , but apparently , these are the seller 's return ` policies ' , and so the A-Z claim was refused , and we are stuck with this awful and useless part . We will be taking it to our mechanic and hopefully we will be able to recover at least a portion of the cost . We used this company because the price was so appealing ; tough lesson learned - you do get what you pay for . We will NEVER order another car part on Amazon ; especially from this seller . This seller is just a few hours from our home , which we did not know when buying ; I am quite disgusted that this seller is in our home state and acting like this . It would probably be less expensive to drive the part back to them than to ship it ground ; I would rather eat slugs than deal with them further , though . That is how poor their customer service is ! Do NOT order parts from this seller ; there were other reviews referencing this exact situation , and I read the rude and unprofessional replies from the seller to the buyer in these instances - we did not learn our lesson - we decided to order anyway . We would be remiss if we did not warn future buyers . READ the fine print of the return policy if you are even close to considering buying this junk .
 ordered 97 S10 headlights got GMC headlight they do look a lot alike but they are not . and they even call for a diferent grill and bumper it looks like . i would think i can get this fixed with no problems
 After spending so much time detailing my Touareg and waxing , I put this fluffball on to shine it up more . Fuzz fuzz everywhere , it was horrible . Tossed it in the garbage unfortunately .
 It 's the worst ever I will never buy anything from this co again . It 's not worth the .60 cents to send it back . It is a rip off .
 Does not fit right . loose and looks like it belongs on another car . I bought it using the guide lines for my car but its loose and flappy . I dont like it .
 I purchased this item , Anco 31-11 , as a replacement for the rear windshield wiper on my 2008 Pontiac Vibe . Amazon -LRB- and other sources -RRB- indicated it would fit my car . With absolute certainty , I can say that this is not true.The plastic `` claw '' on the Vibe wiper arm that engages the wiper blade 's frame requires an opening of about 0.47 inch in that frame , but the opening on this Anco Part is less than 0.36 inch . Do they expect us to modify our cars to fit this so-called replacement part ? It was also not possible to use the rubber element from this Anco part to replace the deteriorated element in the existing wiper frame , as the element is too wide . This part is totally useless to me.I just purchased a replacement that DOES fit from my local NAPA store , NAPA `` Exact Fit '' # 60-011-A . It cost $ 12.33 + tax , nearly twice what I paid for this Anco Part , but at least it fits .
 I used the amazon drop downs with my make/model . Said this would fit my rear wiper blade ... well it does n't ! 2005 Mazda tribute
 I have no idea how these companies develop their fit lists , but clearly not from looking at the wiper arms of the cars they claim their blades work on . No chance of this product fitting a Volvo 122 without liberal application of duct tape . I decided not to try that approach and am looking for blades that actually work for my car .
 I purchased this Anco 3111 wiper blade for my 2004 Ford Escape rear window . Amazon website said it would fit my vehicle . Unfortunately , it does not . Might be a perfectly good blade , however , I will never know .
 I purchased the Anco 3111 because other auto websites said this was a replacement for the rear wiper blade of a 2002 Jeep Liberty . Guess they were wrong !! It has the wrong clip and would never work correctly . I should have went by the Amazon site which said it DOES NOT fit my vehicle . Guess I 'll try another blade !
 The driver side mirror ball and socket was not correctly connected to the fully adjustable mirror head . The mirror head is very loose . The mirror head wobbles and movers from side to side when the truck is in motion .
 I bought this because it was half the price of the oem replacement . Now I know why . I started getting a popping noise when turning the wheel only after two months . I called Monroe and they do n't honor any warranty . It looks and feels like a cheap piece of junk compared to the motorcraft one .
 The part that is pictured as of October 1 2010 is ACTUALLY 903983 -LRB- as stamped on the actual part in enlarged picture -RRB- I ordered this part number 904905 and received the Rubber Mount that fits on the metal plate , I ordered the Moog K90241 Macphereson Strut Mount Assembly too and the Monroe 904905 is the EXACT same part -LRB- the Monroe looks and feels of better quality to me -RRB- so be careful when ordering these parts for your Audi . Amazon is awesome , will be sending me a return ups label and will ship the correct parts 2 day shipping at no cost , ya ' got ta love these guys !!
 First received was broken , mounting stem was snapped off . Replacement received , day/night actuator did not work . Returned second item for refund , will not be using CIPA brand in the future .
 I ordered the CIPA 32000 10 '' mirror to replace the one in my car . I chose the CIPA because it 's an exact replacement . What I got was a Donnely Model # 240 oval shaped mirror shipped in a CIPA box . Seems like there 's some shenanigans going on in the warehouse ! Returned product for refund .
 Don ' t waste your time , waste of money to me tried for days to installed it and not even glue would get it to stick .
 I as well received a Donnelly 240 mirror instead of a Cipa 32000 . The Donnelly mirror is not dimming correctly and I am returning the product . I 'd much rather have the rectangular Cipa mirror over the oval Donnelly -LRB- which I 've never heard of -RRB- Be careful . . There are other websites with the Cipa mirror for similiar prices , you may want to check them out.Justin
 I bought this mirror to replace my OEM mirror in a Ford Focus -LRB- the reflective surface is beginning to deteriorate around the edges after 10 years -RRB- . The quality of this mirror is very poor compared to the OEM mirror . The entire mirror vibrates constantly while the car is running -- the original mirror does not do this . I tightened the mirror securely , so it was not vibrating because it was loose . The OEM mirror does n't even use a screw -- it simply clips on , so tightness of the connection should not be the issue . Also , the image reflected in this mirror is distorted . While the quality of the reflection is not particularly important in a rearview mirror , I found that it was so distracting to see a vibrating , distorted image every time I glanced up that I just could n't use it.I did like that it adjusts a little higher up than the OEM mirror . Construction quality is fine for the price . But if you think you will also be distracted by vibrations or a distorted image , I would look elsewhere.UPDATE 10/28/2011
 If you are looking for a 12-inch wide mirror , this is not it . It is 11 inches wide . Quality is okay but not as sturdy as original part .
 Mirror received with extremely loose arm that connects to mirror body . I turned the arm about 90 degrees and the arm separated from mirror with the nut rattling around and inaccessible inside the mirror . I returned the defective mirror and am awaiting another replacement mirror -LRB- same -RRB- . I do n't have a lot of confidence that the replacement mirror will be any better . We 'll see.The mirror is only 11 inches wide , not 12 as listed in the specifications . I wish that the mirror was a bit wider in both axes .
 This mirror ships from the factory defective . A plain nut affixes the arm to the mirror casing . In both units I received the nut had dislodged from the threaded arm and was rolling around in the completely sealed mirror unit . Repair is impossible because you can not access the nut . If CIPA had used a nylock nut or some loctite on the threads the nut would not work itself off .
 I ordered this mirror to replace the broken one in my car . I specifically ordered this one because I wanted a larger one.First , as other reviewer mentioned this mirror is 11 '' rather than 12 '' . Second , after I installed it and did a test drive , I discovered that this mirror shakes like crazy . To the point that it makes it hard to see anything and gives you a headache.Returned to Amazon . As always thanks to Amazon.com for excellent service .
 No reinforced stitching and very small thread at that . The bag itself is average except for the scrapes and damage all over the leather however . After a few times being snug down on the sissy bar the seams and stitching begin to pull apart . If I had to do it again I would not buy this bag . ALSO , THERE IS NO PACKING SLIP OR INVOICE so I guess once you buy it you 're on your own . Jafrum is off my list .
 I agree with the comment above about Jafrum 's SB-1 sissy bar bag . I purchased one on October 4 and it arrived in the box with 2 of the cheap plastic clips broken . I called them immediately and they emailed me a FedEx label -LRB- with no tracking number on it -RRB- to return the product . They told me to order it again as I needed the bag quickly for a motorcycle trip . I ordered the bag again , it arrived on October 8 , I strapped it to the bike and one of the clips on the replacement bag broke again while on the road . At this point I tied the strap to the bike . I returned the second bag and requested my money back . Same deal - they emailed me a FedEx label with no tracking info on it.It is now November 10 and I have received no refund for either bag returned . The first bag was returned on October 8 - now over a month without giving me my money back . They claim they eventually processed the first return on my credit card on November 3 - still no funds back in my credit card account over a week later ????? The second defective bag was returned on October 20 . They say they just processed the credit card for that return yesterday.This company and their products are BAD NEWS ! I am calling my credit card company today to begin the chargeback process .
 Stay away from this Company ! It has terrible , very poor quality workmanship on the products that I have purchased . I received the SB1 bag on Friday . In less than 2 days from the weight of only my laptop , 2 straps have torn away from the leather & 1 ripped from itself . The so called back pack straps are broken & useless , thread is thin , No reinforced stitching anywhere & service is a joke ! I bought a set of chaps 6 weeks ago . 4 weeks ago one snap broke and 2 days after I placed this order the 2nd snap on the same side broke and this is where I became aware of there resolution process . I sent them an email with a picture of the failure of their products construction -LRB- in less than six weeks -RRB- . They expect purchasers to send items back at their own expense and wait 2 months for Jafrum to admit the product is defective and shotey construction and if they decide otherwise charge you for its return ! This `` Sissy Bar bag '' Failed in less than 2 days of use ! Stay away !
 I gave it away . Anyone with a new car with all the controls on your current rearview mirror can not use this . Fortuntely , my son has an old Ford SUV and he can use it . I would have liked a warning saying that it would not fit over rearview mirrors in newer cars .
 This mirror provides the extra visibility I was looking for but it makes everything look a little smaller than in the OEM rear-view . That 's not a big deal , but it also gives me a headache to look at it . It 's like looking through prescription glasses that do n't belong to you .
 I ordered this mirror in 2008 and it was great until it broke . We liked it enough to replace it with the same mirror . Unfortunately they `` just do n't make them like they used to '' . Within one day of installing this mirror the glue holding the mirror melted . The mirror fell out of the housing and glue dripped on my car seat and console . I 'm not sure if this glue is ever going to come off.Pay attention to recent reviews that represent the opinions of the currently manufactured mirror . Ignore older reviews since they are for a mirror that was of different construction . To put it bluntly , this mirror is a cheap pos.Hopefully Amazon removes this item soon as this seems to be a common complaint.You have been warned .
 makes me feel cross-eyed when looking into it . so much so that were it not so cheap i 'd return it . you might consider one of the more expensive ones instead . maybe they have better optics .
 I have purchased this item for the second time , as the first one worked just fine.However , it became a great disappointment
 I owned this for two weeks . In the second week in Houston heat I noticed some glue squeezing out the bottom , I was n't worried and did n't mind it because it still what it was supposed to do . I mostly park in a garage , but for 5 hours that one day I had parked it outside . The glass fell out of the holder , and glue melted all over my car . Made a huge mess , and the glass fell right out . I want to return it , but I 'm having trouble with that as well .
 There are some distortions as mentioned in previous reviews , and I was able to adapt to it . But 2 months after installing the mirror , the glue from the mirror started melting and dripped all over my car carpet and seats . This item may be good for other parts of the country , but probably not the Southwest -LRB- lots of sun -RRB- .
 just too cheaply made . Too distorted view . Not useable at all . Save your money . no no no no no no no
 Ordered a mirror of what was depicted in the photo of the order , sent quite another - oval . That is good - this is a review of the rear view , and this is the only plus . Being in the passenger compartment of the vehicle in hot weather from under the mirror drip glue , he dripped directly on the vehicle . It is terribly . I do not advise to order the model of the mirror .
 Mirror falls apart with vehicle parked outside in 85 degree weather with windows cracked open . The glue they use to hold the mirror plate on assembly becomes `` gooey '' and mirror will not stay on . They probably used glue stick so i removed and used gorilla glue.I recommend not buying this mirror and instead find something better quality . I should not have to rebuild their faulty product .
 In few days mirror unglued and fell off while it was a hot day ... Stuck it back on , same thing happened again . Not wide enough for an SUV . Returning back .
 i am so disapointed . . what i got does n't look like the one in the picture at all . . make me dizzy when i look in the mirror . . waste of money . . if i could i 'd want to return it . . but i do n't know how or do n't know if i can
 READ THE REVIEWS BEFORE YOU BUY THIS THING ! Just like others have said , I bought two of these and within 4 days of using it in my cars , the glue melted in the sun under 85 degrees weather ! I would return these mirrors but i threw away the boxes already so too bad , lesson learned .
 WORST . MIRROR . EVER.I bought this mirror TWICE . And both times , the mirror fell out of the compartment and the glue dripped onto my car . Given it DOES provide a good view when in use , it is not worth the money because it will potentially melt and drip this sticky and hard to remove glue into your car . It would be way better if they just super glued the mirror onto the plastic frame instead of using a rubbery glue that melts at hot-ish conditions . -LRB- For reference , my car was parked in the shade in 90 degree weather . -RRB- DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU WANT TO SPEND HOURS AND MONEY TRYING TO PEEL AND RUB GLUE OFF YOUR CAR .
 This Rear view mirror is just not good . It works great but it is of poor quality . I would not buy it again . First the glue melted in high temperatures and dripped on o my dashboard . The mirror cracked and I have thrown it away . I am not even gon na deal with company because I am not happy with this item at all .
 5/29/2012 , SF Bay Area
 Fit and worked fine . I liked it pretty well ... . Untill the first 80 deg day . When it got warm some thick clear sticky goop seeped out of the mirror and dropped on my console and carpet . Have n't got it all off yet . It 's a mess , and the mirror came loose from the plastic housing on one end . Total junk .
 The product looks nice but the glue that holds the mirror in place is oozing out the bottom part where the mirror sits . The outside temp when it happen was about 70 degrees . The glue has oozed out so much that it got onto the steering wheel and shifter . Next time I 'll stick with a name brand .
 Thought I would give this a try to help with the blind spots I experience while driving my regular cab truck ... . It DID help , but even after using it for a week and a half , I still could n't judge distance the way I needed to ... . There is a real learning curve to using this -LRB- as others have said ... I 'm typically not a slow learner , but this mirror makes everything too small to call it useable ... . I ended up hanging this in my office cubicle to see who is slinking up behind me -LRB- while I 'm writing reviews on Amazon . . :-D -RRB-
 -LSB- ... -RSB- The glue frame will melt , eventually the glass will leave the frame and fall down ... DO N'T BUT IF YOU WANT TO SAVE YOUR MONEY !!
 After 6 months when I bought this CIPA 34000 11.75 '' Panoramic Rearview Clip-On the plastic frame melted at almost 100F temperature . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I 've had this mirror since March 2011 . I bought this to replace the one that had and broke . Although , it provides very good visibility and it serves the purpose in that regard , it has tow very major issues -LRB- at leat the one that I received has -RRB- :1 - The mirror shakes and vibrates like crazy . Some times it vibrates so much that I have to take it off . At first I thought I might have installed the wrong way . I tried couples of different ways but it did shake and vibrate in all different positions . I also tried it on couple of different rental cars as well , same story .2 - I live in Florida so my car stay in sun for longer periods of time . In just 3 or 4 months since I got this , the glue that holds the actual mirror to the frame is started to melt and drip from bottom of the fram and it is meesing up my dash.So , I will be throwing this piece of junk into the trash and off to getting a new one .
 This thing does give you headache and take a long time to get used to.I bought it because it is cheaper than the rest but the mirror somehow does n't give accurate reflections due to the curvature , so not only the cars behind you look much smaller , it also sort of distort the view so it takes extra effort on your eyes to adjust every time you look at it.I am now searching for another one since it is too much hassle to return it.I would n't recommend this product .
 My son had a injury were his vision was impaired I bought this to help him . The mirror worked well . The problem I had was that the glue that holds the mirror in the plastic that clips onto your existing mirror melted all over my sons dashboard . I would not recommend this item unless they change the glue . It needs to be able to tolerate the heat from the sun .
 This mirrow is dreadful ! It distorts everything it mirrows and somehow reflects more of wht 's in the car than the traffic outside of the vehicle . I purchased one for myself and one for four of my children . After attaching mine for a day or two I have taken it and the other four and packed them up to return them from whence they came !
 I 'm afraid I 've wasted $ 275 on this and warn everyone to be careful . A buddy of mine tried to take off the mount that holds the standard 2011 Honda Accord mirror and broke my windshield , which cost $ 200 to replace . I 've taken this rear view mirror with temp and compass everywhere . No one will touch it for fear of breaking the glass . I 've been to five auto parts stores and no one has a mount that both fits on the Honda factory-installed mount -LRB- which is epoxied to the glass -RRB- and on the CIPA 26400 rearview mirror . Thus , I have no idea if the product is any good . Worse , by taking all this time , I was too late to return the mirror to Amazon for a refund . My advice
 It was not Neoprene on the sides and back and the arm rest cover . Not any better than the crap you can pickup at your local auto store . Fit was terrible and installation was difficult even with the seat removed from my truck ! Will NEVER by a Saddleman product again .
 It was not Neoprene on the sides and back and the arm rest cover . Not any better than the crap you can pickup at your local auto store . Fit was terrible and installation was difficult even with the seat removed from my truck ! Will NEVER by a Saddleman product again .
 Bought this for my old Jeep Cherokee because it was a toss up between this mirror and a factory overhead console . I figured that this mirror would be a nice upgrade - my main purpose behind installing it was to get the outside temp display but the compass , map lights , and electrochromic mirror were also nice touches -LRB- and you would n't get the EC mirror with the factory overhead console , even if you can find one in a junkyard for a reasonable price . -RRB- So I go to install it and discover that the mirror has the capability of having the map lights wired to the dome light so that they work as auxiliary dome lights . Additionally there is an optional `` reverse inhibit '' function for the auto-dim . BUT neither the wires nor the instructions for either are included in with the mirror , and CIPA/MagnaDonnelley wants you to buy another wiring kit for an extortionate price . Out of the box the map lights only function as map lights , and only when the ignition key is on . If you just add two more wires then the map lights always function -LRB- but the auto-dim , outside temp . display and compass only work with the key on , as it should be -RRB- and one more wire connected to the reverse light circuit will enable the `` reverse inhibit '' feature . In CIPA/MagnaDonnelley 's defense they will send you the instructions if you ask for them however.Here is an OCR of the first page of the instructions , shamelessly stolen from another forum where someone 's already been through this ... PROCEDURE TO WIRE MIRROR TO FUNCTION AS COURTESY LAMPSApplications
 I just purchased and installed this mirror based on the many positive reviews I found in this post . What dissapoints me most is that the mirror remians in CAL mode even after following the calibration instructions . It is completely innacurate with directions because of this . The instructions say drive in a few circles and the CAL mode will dissapear . This is definitly not the case . I am going tot try to contact the manufacture to replace the unit . Not sure how they will stand by thier product .
 I decided to get this knock sensor , not knowing that generics do n't always work properly . I put in the new knock sensor and now my fuel economy on my 1995 Subaru LSi is extremely worse than it was . It went from 25 mpg to 20 mpg . Do not get this sensor . If you are going to pay this much , you might as well get an actual OEM sensor , which would be calibrated properly for your specific vehicle .
 I bought this inner tube based on the positive reviews for using it in water . It is only big enough for a child -LRB- about 90 pounds -RRB- ... worse though , is the pin where you pump in the air . It is enormous , about 4-5 inches big , and is likely to dig into the back of even of a small child . If you think you 're buying an inner tube like you 'd find at a water park , THIS IS NOT IT .
 If you are expecting a large Truck inner-tube you will be disappointed.Do not go by pictures in the product listing.This is much too small for even a small adult to use .
 The write up mentioned good for snow sledding . It is absolutely not . The tube was thin and small . My young children could not even hold themselves up because the tube was too small and close to the ground .
 Despite the small size when not inflated the tube can get fairly large . I inflated mine to about 3.5 ' in diameter . PSI does not really play a role here , since there is no tire around it . I tried finding what the recommended PSI rating is but was n't able to ... I do n't think it applies.The tube popped on me half way through our adventure at Harpers Ferry on the Potomac . Not sure if the tube is really to blame , the water was fairly low and I did hit a few large rocks . These tubes also deform fairly easily , and are not very comfortable to ride . This was my first tubing trip on an auto inner tube and we all got fairly bad arm rashes from paddling.If I had a chance , I would definitely `` splurge '' and spend the extra $ 8 for one designed for water tubing exclusively , and maybe also purchase a cheap canoe paddle . Because of the deformity , rash and having to walk 4 miles back to the car , I rate this 2 stars for water tubing purposes .
 If your planning to use this as a floating devise say to shoot the rapids in the river then you better get something bigger . It is way to small for an adult .
 I ordered two tires through amazon . One of them split open on a seem within two weeks . This was a complete waste of money .
 I had a lot of fun with this for about 2 hours . We used it while sledding and built a big ramp out of snow at the bottom of a hill . The innertube worked better than the other sleds we had available to us . It seemed pretty tough , but it was easily slashed open by a small twig . Do n't use this for sledding if there 's a chance that you 'll be running into anything hard .
 These tubes are way too small for anyone except someone 5 years or under . Not suitable for river tubing , look more like bike tubes ! Picture is deceptive .
 This Mirror has a plastic back & bracket for mounting , that will crack when tightened . Do n't buy it . Go to PepBoys they have the full metal mirrors .
 Bought one of these from local auto parts store several months ago and just found out that it 's reading 15 lbs under actual tire pressure ... it read 95 pounds air pressure while in reality there was only 80 pounds pressure in my RV tires .
 Upon receiving the Slime 2021-A Tire Gauge I tested it on 4 tires of a known air poundage which was 40 lbs -LRB- checked by two other gauges -RRB- . The Slime 2021-A gauge read that they were at 80 lbs . so obviously something is wrong with the Slime 2021-A . I 'm glad that the other reviewers had good results but mine are so bad as to render this gauge to be useless and I expect to send it back to Amazon .
 I purchased slime with the intention of correcting a very slow leak in my left front tire . I have a '92 4WD Toyota pickup with 32 '' X 10.5 '' BF Goodrich Mud Terrain T/A tires . I used the recommended 20 oz amount . The front end was aligned on 4/28/10 and operation was smooth until the first application of slime in the slow leak tire . It causes the steering wheel to shudder rapidly , spanning an inch and half clockwise/counter-clockwise . I can feel this being transmitted from the imbalance created in the tire.Yes , I did drive the truck immediately after installing the slime . In fact , I had read about it extensively on the net before purchasing the product and bought two bottles because someone , amidst a plurality of satisfactory reviews , had noted a similar imbalance by using the product ; my intention being to fill the other front tire to balance the front end , should that reviewer prove to be right . This made the shudder in the steering wheel perceptibly worse . I have contacted the company for a refund and hopefully pay to get the slime out of my tires and the wheels rebalanced.It is really bad .
 This Mirror has a plastic back & bracket for mounting , that will crack when tightened . Do n't buy it . Go to PepBoys they have the full metal mirrors .
 I read a lot of reviews about Liquid Glass . I also spoke to a few car geeks whom had never used the product . I washed cars to support myself during college so I always take pride in cleaning my own vehicle . I have used a lot of different products . From high end to low end . I hate when I wax my Escalade -LRB- Black -RRB- and i drive down the street and see another vehicle that shines more than mine . I thought my looking ended when I bought the Liquid Glass line . I bought the soap , pre-cleaner and the wax . The soaps claim to fame is that it does not leave water spots . False . It leaves bluish water spots on the vehicle when it dries . The pre-cleaner does not remove the water spots . When i used the pre-cleaner then the wax , i could still see the pattern of the water spot on my vehicle . I do n't know if the fact that my truck is black played a role in this but i could every water mark . Also , the wax does not hide surface scratches like some other waxes/polishes . I 've already added two coats of the wax and my truck does n't look any better then when I use Nu Finish or meguiar 's quick wax . I know every inch of my truck because I clean it weekly . My wife accuses me of loving the truck more than her because I spend so much time cleaning it . With Liquid Glass , I still see light scratches that are normally hidden by other products . Also , with my vehicle being black , i saw the pattern from how i put the wax onto the vehicle . I used a circular motion when i put the wax on and after removing it with a microfiber cloth , i could see the circular marks . I got a pretty good workout rubbing those spots out . Everyone 's experience is different . I 'm not saying the other folks who reviewed this are wrong but I am not impressed . When i mentioned to someone at a parts store that I bought Liquid Glass , they told me it was decent but recommended the Meguiar 's Hi-Tech yellow wax . In my opinion , the only Liquid experience I had was my money going down the drain .
 I bought this plastic cover after having my license plate and registration sticker removed from my car . Beware
 a clear plastic cover for a license plate is essential some places -LRB- like Philadelphia -RRB- . This fits the bill EXCEPT that it turns yellow , brittle and ugly after a year or two out in the sun . I bought one of these a couple of years ago and just replaced it because it made my plate essentially unreadable -LRB- and ugly ! -RRB- . There must be something better .
 The product description is incorrect . It states : `` Slim rim frame set into perimeter frame -LRB- includes four screw covers -RRB- Made of unbreakable polycarbonatePolycarbonate is UV protectedEach metal frame is carefully hand polished `` I ordered two of them and both were shrink wrapped and neither fit the description . Both are entirely clear polycarbonate frames . Neither had the slim rim frame set in perimeter frame nor any hand polished metal rim as described . Nor were any screw covers included . Items are fine and functional , just not what is described . I 'm happy with the shield as is and if it was as described would have rated it higher . I called Amazon and they said they would correct the description within a few days . I 'll update this if they do and/or after a season with the shields on .
 I purchased this product recently for my 2001 Ford Focus Street Edition sedan . Apparently there was a 6 month period between late 2000 and early 2001 where the Ford decided to implement a 2-bulb tail light in its sedans instead of a 3-bulb system like this tail light is designed for.Overall the quality of this product seems good and it would have gotten 4 stars ; however , having an empty light socket is a real downer .
 the bad
 Product does not fit my 1995 Audi A6 Quattro as described.The holes on the front mats are about 3 inches too wide and incorrectly placed for the factory mounting points . In addition , the mats do n't seem to line up properly with the shape of the floor.The rear mats are too large and do n't really line up with the floor either . The rear mats cover up the under-seat air vents by about 1 inch.This is not compatible with 1995 Audi A6 Quattro 's -LRB- and I imagine all C5 audi 's -RRB- . Not sure why it is advertised as such.It came with a note saying to contact Coverking with any issues . I contacted them 4 days ago and 2 days ago and received no response .
 When I received the item it looks to be of poor quality . I expected better being an ACDelco labeled part . It is made in Taiwan . That said , it should work ok for my dual tank GMC diesel , but it looks cheap/flimsy .
 These are cheap plastic and are not the same as what the picture appears to show .
 this is a good product but willnot fit a 1996-2002 dodge dakota extended cab . It will only fit a club cab .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 I will never buy from this vender again much less by car parts online . I 'll leave it to advance auto because it 's just as cheap anyways .
 This cover was ordered for a 2008 MX5 Miata , but does not fit . Coverking states the wrong item number was ordered , but because it 's a custom item , Amazon ca n't simply issue an exchange . Moreover , Amazon does n't have the right item number ! -LRB- For the record , MA7082 is the Miata cover . -RRB-
 Bought this to keep meds cool on a long car trip in the winter . Did n't stay on for 24 hours in the back seat of the car . Do n't trust it !
 I used it for about 10 days . My trips were about 40 minutes each and it got cold but not really cold . The bottom of the drinks were barely colder than ambient but the top of the drink were warm . I took a long trip on the weekend , driving for several hours and it was no better . I 'll return it tomorrow to the store . Perhaps this is a defective unit , nevertheless this is my experience .
 This is nothing more than a rebadged Vector Products cooler . The same model 's been on sale in two different versions at Target/Mal-Wart for awhile now.This is the 2nd version , which has a better fan & cable design on it . Unfortunately , the performance is still quite underwhelming . I used to keep it at work to hold sodas and some fresh fruit , and it did an acceptable job there indoors -LRB- 75F all year ` round -RRB- . In the summer heat , its cooling is minimal in the car.After 2 of years of running 24/7 , the fan finally gave out , but this was actually a blessing ! This model happens to use an 80mm fan . Those familiar with computer & electronic parts will recognize that as a standard size PC fan . Broke out the soldering iron , installed a 4-pin Molex jack inside the fan compartment and with a little Dremel work , installed a new PC fan into the cooler . Performance is MUCH improved and the cooler runs quieter!With the modification , it 's about as good as your typical cube/dorm fridge . If you treat it as such , you wo n't be disappointed . This means , do n't expect it to take a warm can of soda and make it cold in anything less than an hour . BUT if you pre-chill things or give it a few hours , it does the job well . Just remember , it 'll cool down to 40F BELOW AMBIENT conditions . So if the room 's 75F , you 're going to be getting 35F temps -LRB- at best -RRB- inside the cooler . Drag it into a hot car -LRB- 100F -RRB- and it 'll only cool down to 60F inside the cooler . Be mindful of this if using it to store perishables . ------------------- Update
 I bought this set of back brakes for my 1999 Audi A6 after amazon said it is compatible with my vehicle . This set of brakes is NOT compatible at all and led to a very frustrating experience . Please please please do NOT take Amazon 's word for it when they say it 's compatible .
 I ordered this brush and received a totally different product than what was pictured . The brush received was about as big as my fist , and would have taken a month to wash my RV . I returned the product , but Farm and Home Supply Center would not refund my cost to ship back to them . I am still out $ 8.70 for shipping it back to Farm & Home Supply Center . So , the brush was not as pictured ; and I am out $ 8.70 ; emails to the company went unanswered ; you make the choice .
 Nut and threads are weak as compared to Murray brand . But if strength is n't what you need it works fine .
 In 3 years of owning this product -LRB- 3 -RRB- fan motors and -LRB- 1 -RRB- variable speed controller have failed.I will never purchase another flex-a-lite product again.Overpriced junk.The only good thing about it was the quality and fit of the shroud assemble.Of course my first failure occurred just beyond the 1 year warranty.I do not do any off road driving , mudding , etc.Street driving only .
 I purchased this item for my 2009 Ford F-150 with the 5.4 liter engine.This was the model number specified by Amazon for my vehicle . -LRB- The Fram site does not work when trying to specify a vehicle -RRB- . The filter was not even a close match to the factory filter size , it was too long and way too narrow.too bad as it looked to be pretty well constructed .
 THE FILTER FIT BUT THE PAN GASKET IS FOR SOME OTHER CAR THEN WHAT I HAVE , I HAVE A 1987 560 SL MERCEDES . THE GASKET THAT CAME IN THE BOX IS TO BIG AND SHAPED WRONG ? THERE -LRB- FIND PARTS THAT FIT YOUR CAR -RRB- SAID IT WOULD FIT ? SO I 'M GOING TO HAVE TO GO TO THE DEALERSHIP AND PURCASE THE RIGHT GASKET
 Overall I found the the Summerseat to be disappointing . It does n't move enough air to stop my back from getting sweaty in the car . If you buy this , do n't have high expectations for it .
 I do not recommend . . minimal air supply only to lower part . . no air for back . The side elastic straps come lose after a few weeks and have to be replaced .
 Nowhere on Amazon did it state that the A/C Adapter was not included . Also , it was not an option to include on the order . Had to Order the a/c adapter today from the main company -LRB- Nocord or WWTG -RRB- for 9.99 and free shpping -LRB- states free shipping on website -RRB- . I placed the order then received an email that they wanted me to pay Paypal for shipping . Called today and stated it should have been free shipping per their website and the individual stated they needed to check with their marketing company but I still had to pay for shipping and maybe get reimbursed later , like that is going happen . Now have to wait until that arrives for the intended use of the item -LRB- in home -RRB- before I can see if it even works . I will update this once I get to plug in and test . Not happy so far .
 Although the title says you can plug it into the wall , I received no adapter for this . As I was only buying this for office use , it is unusable . I bought a $ 35 adapter at Radio Shack , and it still will not work , though when testing it in the car , it works . ARGH !
 The web site does not specify which type engines this works with , yet the packaging has written on the back `` NOT for use with fuel injected engines '' , which eliminates the last 20 years of cars.Amazon needs to list this in the ad so others do not have to return it as I did .
 This heater would n't heat the oil in my electric air compresser enough to start it in cold weather . The compresser is inside .
 I was disappointed in it . It has not sovled my problem at all . Maybe just not big enough for the application .
 It works but is very weak . It gets hot but does n't seem to transfer heat well . If you want to warm anything of any size from cold , get something else .
 This heater gets hot to the touch fast ! But it takes a long time to transfer that heat to liquid in the pan . Perhaps I had unrealistic expectations . Perhaps if it is left on all night ?
 I have this unit for a couple of days , got it to warm up my Branson Tractor had the unit plugged in for 3 or so hours the unit was hot but the oil pan was cold . dont waste your money
 Do not buy this product they are all used . I recieved the first one and it had car grease and obvious wear scratches on the metal magnetic part . I had them send a new one and the same thing . After they sent a 3rd replacement which was also used I sent it back .
 It help -LSB- s , I guess , in sub zero weather for the truck , but when I tried to use it to heat a hot tub of water for my feet , it does n't even warm it .
 This heater is worthless , when it `` heats up '' you can hold it in your hand . If you want to keep a cup of water in a metal cup from freezing , it might be good for that . It may be a defective unit , and I am sending it back .
 I have purched three of these heaters -LRB- two from Amazon , one from an auto parts store -RRB- . Two of the three have melted the plastic case resulting in a very hazardous condition . Five Star Mfg. Co. was unresponsive . I strongly caution against this product for use on anything of significant value or in an area containing combustable materials .
 This tool is not strong enough to bend the spark plug wire . You will also need pliers to get the job done . Plus , the tool is oily when received . Should have been made of stainless steel .
 The cord is too short to be able reach from the outlet for the opener . I added about three feet and now the strength is very weak .
 The unit functioned when I took it out of the box but upon trying to get the lasers to point properly a wire inside broke . Upon examination it was clear that the design did not protect the wires from the bending and rotating allowed by the lasrs . The gage wire that was used is so thin it breaks very easily . It was broken in one place and the other wire was already set to break showing open copper to two other places . In addition , the motion sensor is fairly limited making placement difficult . The laswers also are not allowed to rotate enough to properly place the unit . They rotate backward better than forward .
 The product is unable to reach both cars despite having a tall ceiling . In all , the laser itself works well but its range of motion to the sides is very , very limited .
 I previously had an older version of this unit and it worked fine for about three years until the power supply went out . I used it for a while with batteries only but the batteries only last about a week.I ordered the newer version and right out of the box it worked great except that the laser pointers did not have enough range of motion . Even though I have a 12 foot ceiling in my garage , I could not aim the pointers at both cars . I was able to modify the laser pointers by cutting away the plastic around the base of the laser pointers with a Dremel tool . Now I have had the item for about ten days and the motion detector is not working very well . Half the time I drive into the garage the lasers do not go on . I have to back out and try it again and hope to activate the lasers.This is quite a simple item , makes me wonder why they can not spend another $ 2 or $ 3 in manufacturing and make one that works dependably .
 I can not really say how this product is as I never received it . This has happened in the past dealing with Amazon.com . To get FREE SHIPPING I combined it with another product to get the free shipping . One was not available so the whole order was held until the other item was to be available . That projected ship date was over FIVE -LRB- 5 -RRB- WEEKS AWAY . This was the second time this had happened to me . I have since cancelled my account and will NEVER DEAL WITH AMAZON.COM AGAIN .
 This is a great idea but as are all products made in China , you get what you pay for . Do not waste your money on this , use a tennis ball on a string and it will last longer . This product was broke when I took it out of the package , the mounting bracket was broke . I made it work and hing it up and plugged it in . The product lasted about 3-4 days and worked great . Then it stopped working . It came on once in a blue moon and to this day it has not worked ever again . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!! Get a different brand or check to see if it is made in the USA ...
 DO NOT BUY this product . the sensor has a range of 6 inches ! That 's right 6 inches , not even 6 feet . completely worthless .
 I purchased this insatpark to replace the one I had made my Genie that is no longer available . One of the lasers failed . This unit works fine except you can not adjust the lasers wide enough to work with two cars . This could easily be fixed with a little engineering . As it turned out , I kept the Genie system for one car and used the insatpark for the other car . This is the only reason for the two star rating . If it were not for this problem , I would g ive it a 5 star rating .
 The twin lasers do not go to the side far enough to hit the area where the driver is seated to be seen properly . Needs modification to product .
 I had n't even installed this when it broke . Trying to set the laser on my car and twisted the head to point at it and the wires inside broke . so now instead of a dual head I have a single . Once I was careful not to break the other I like it but very fragile and cheap material . I would like to get another but kind of expensive .
 Only one of the two laser beams of the Instapark Dual Garage Door Laser Parking Guide worked . Recycled switch and checked connection to no avail . Will leave unit in place for use on one side of garage . Not worth the hassle for refund as would invoke recovery of Amazon Free Super Saver Shipping cost , and exchange for identical working unit was not a menu option due to vendor is an Amazon partner as opposed to direct from Amazon . Was a major dissappointment overall , although the side that is operable is an effective parking guide .
 simply disappointed as system worked for about 6 days or so.rip off , waste of time and money . How about a little action ?
 This product worked one time and then would n't reset to work again . I tried moving it to another plug-in , further away from garage door opener . Again , it would work once and then stop working . I returned it .
 The `` Instapark Dual Garage Door Laser Parking Guide System '' is a poorly designed product . The laser light turns-off before a person completes parking . It is impossible to align the two laser beams correctly in a normal two car garage . I would not recommend purchasing this product .
 Do not buy , you can hardly see the laser lights even if the garage is closed and the light bulbs are off , You will absolutely not be able to see the lights at all if the bulb lights are on or if it is daylight and the garage door is open.DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY !!!!!
 Not worth the time to install or price . Lazers two dim right out of the box . Do not stay on long enough or just do not come on at all at times . Bad product . Thought it would be nice to have and am so disappointed .
 I purchased the Instapark Dual Garage Door Laser Parking Guide to simplify the process of parking our two cars in a double door garage . The garage is not large , so maximizing the space available is desirable , and a laser guide is the appropriate solution.My Instapark guide system works roughly 60 % of the time . There is nothing consistent about how it decides to operate , even though the variables remain consistent . The unit was installed using the power cord included with the unit.Upon entry to the garage , the unit may or may not operate properly . There are no variables that contribute to the inconsistency . We simply drive in and it works , or does not . 3 out of 5 times it works as advertised . 2 out of 5 times it does not . The motion detector can key off of either the opening of the garage door , or the automobile being pulled into the garage . I can also activate it walking in the garage.In addition , as a dual unit , this guide system was difficult to position in a standard garage setup with installed electric boxes for the garage door openers . Given the limited cord reach , it was difficult to get the unit deep enough to easily provide a laser spot in front of each driver . In addition , the right laser arm cracked with minimal pressure while I was positioning the beam -LRB- although the extra flex allowed it to hit the spot I needed -RRB- , and the left arm had no problem hitting the desired position.This is an inexpensive unit , and operates as such , although it is great when it operates properly . I would spring for a better unit next time .
 Disappointed , although it Might work for one car , you can not spread the two beams wide enough for two vehicles . For the price , and not wanting the bother to send it back , I grabbed my handy Dremel tool and trimmed away some of the plastic . OK that problem solved , I can now point the beam to hit the dashboard of both cars.However , I found that the motion sensor does not reliably pick up a car as it comes into the garage . I 'm an electronic technician and opened it up to take a look . It uses an infrared sensor not an ultrasonic or optic . It needs heat to trigger the laser on . Your cold car wo n't do it . So , after you drive you cold car into the garage wall , the sensor will come on when you -LRB- at 98 degrees -RRB- get out . Junk , go back to the tennis ball on a string , I did .
 This item did not work for my 2 car garage application . I mounted the unit about even with the hood of the car . When I pulled the car in it did n't detect the montion . I have 9 ' ceilings . i then mounted it about even with the front door of the car . The unit now comes on but by the time you have reached the area you are parking the lasers have gone out . Being that there is no way to adjust the time on the lasers or the sensitivity of the motion I would not reccomment this unit .
 I was very excited to receive this dual laser parking device . I 've been trying to figure out a clever way to keep my wife from pulling in too far , or not pulling in far enough and closing the garage door on the car -LRB- yes , that has happened ! -RRB- However , once I got this dual laser unit , I quickly became very disappointed . The first problem is the range of motion of the swiveling ball-joints is VERY limited . I wanted to point the laser at the dash , just in front of the steering wheel of each of our two vehicles . I have a 24 ` x34 ' garage with 9 ' ceilings , so lots of available space for locating this thing . However , there proved to be nowhere in the garage I could put this device and get both lasers to point where I wanted them to point due to the extremely limited motion of the ball-joints . Through my repeated handling of trying various locations , one of the lasers stopped working completely ! Very disappointing ! I do n't know if I would purchase this type of product again , but if I did , I would probably buy two single laser units instead of this dual laser unit . I love the concept , but disappointed in the quality !
 This thing is a total piece of junk . One laser was way out of focus . Attempted to fix it but all the cheap wiring made it impossible . Ended up tossing it in the trash rather than wasting more time shipping the thing back . Do n't waste your hard earned $ .
 Well , what more can I say . This Instapark Dual Garage Door Laser Parking Guide is built very cheaply and fell apart before I could even get it installed . Do n't waste your money on it . I recommend the old tennis ball on a string . At least if it breaks , it is cheap and easy to replace .
 I 'm very dissapointed in the product . First of all , the range of motion of the swivel is very very limited . After 3 months , one of the lasers crapped out , so only one lights up ... Into the trash because the time to return has expired ... Picked up one from Sears , and it is much better .
 I usually do n't leave feedback on my purchases but I was so disappointed on this item that I had to . I received this item and I installed it a month ago do to the winter . First , the item did not come with its mounting base so I had to improvise with double velcro tape . Worked well for a month and then it just stop working . I replaced the battery thinking it was the problem however the unit has been connected to the electricity since it was installed -LRB- battery is for backup purposes -RRB- . After disconnecting and connecting the unit back , it started working . The after I set the laser to their position , it stop working again.I encourage you to go for a brand product and avoid the hassle .
 Please do NOT waste your time ordering this POS.There is not enough adjustment for the lasers to cover a double car install.THE POWER SUPPLY WAS DOA!I ` de give it zero stars if I could
 This item is pretty poor workmanship and does n't really work very well . Would probably be OK if you just wanted to use it with one car but with two it 's very hard to line up . The lasers quit after about 4 days and I returned product for refund . I guess the best thing to use is a tennis ball and a piece of string !!
 Install was easy , and I did n't have a problem with it detecting the cars . One of the lasers only worked for 2 days . Not sure if I am going to re-order .
 Very poor quality , one laser dim and intermittent , and range not adjustable to work with two cars . But , a real handyman special . Here is all that I had to do -- First find and resolder the cold solder joints on the little PC board - seems to have fixed the dim/intermittent laser . Then use your hand grinder tool to cut down the plastic shoulders around the laser mounts - this allows enough adjustment range to just work for two car locations . Working for now , but I have very low confidence that it will last more than a week or so . Seriously , in my opinion , this is a piece of junk - stay away from it .
 Arrived with a broken wire to one of the two lasers . A bit of soldering fixed it , but that 's not something a normal customer should have to do . Bought this one to replace an identical item -LRB- but with different branding -RRB- ; the first unit got zapped by a electrical glitch after a year in-service . -LRB- Actually to think about it , I had to repair a broken wire on the first one too . -RRB- I have the same mounting complaints as the others , the lasers can not be angled sideways enough for two cars . Again , a bit of Dremel -LRB- hand grinder/filing -RRB- work fixed that , but I 'd revoke the license of the engineer that designed this thing . I 've got a 12 ' ceiling in the garage , it would be near impossible to mount with a low ceiling . You can do the geometry
 Broke on installation . I barely tighten it and it broke . I tried to adjust where the fluid comes out and they wouldnt move
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 It leaks a bit where the hose connects to the hand pump . As a result , my hands got wet with gasoline . It is just made very cheaply .
 This pump works only if you are pumping from a higher level to a lower level . Basically any tube would do the same thing with gravity siphoning.It will not pump if you want to pump from a lower position to a higher ground .
 THIS IS NOT A CUSTOME FIT FLOORMAT . THE COLOR GRAY IS NOT THE SAME SADE OF GRAY AS VOLVO , THE HOLES THAT SNAP INTO THE FLOOR ARE NOT THERE LIKE PICTURED . THESE ARE THE SAME UNIVERSAL FLOORMATS YOU BUY AT WALMART FOR 25.99 . SINCE THEY DIDNT HAVE THE HOLES TO SNAP IN I JUST LAYED THEM DOWN BUT THEY SLIDE ON CARPET WHEN DRIVING SINCE THEY CANT BE SNAPPED IN LIKE THE CUSTOME ONES THAT COME WITH A CAR NEW . DONT BUY
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 We were excited to find a custom fit seat cover set for the aging seats in our Passat.The advertisement goes on and on about the fit . CAD designed just for your application . `` designed to fit as well as original upholstery '' `` The Coverking fit rivals the seat 's original upholstery `` Well not quite!I have personally designed using CAD , and I believe I could have achieved a better fit using pattern paper.You know how these days there is
 I returned this Hitch because I absolutely could not get it to fit my stock 94 Jeep Wrangler due to the fact that the mount arms were not in the proper position -LRB- to close together -RRB- I was really surprised and disappointed by the lack of quality control My Jeep is stock and I while I did n't mind having to drill the holes in the frame myself I was not expecting to have to bend the steel arms out in order to open up the space between them so that they would actually fit into place on the frame . A few years ago I might have gone ahead and bent them but not today . I returned this HITCH . I really do expect bette quality control from a well known company like Hidden Hitch . I was really disappointed , will not buy a Hidden Hitch again .
 This kind of `` joke '' is totally ignorant of the misery of schizophrenia and how agonizing it is for people with the illness and their families and friends . Schizophrenia has nothing to do with multiple personalities so even the joke itself is inaccurate . This reminds me of the sick leukemia jokes that kids used to make . Ca n't we as a society get our laughs without mocking the sick , the weak , and the victimized ?
 Ai n't the first of these I 've bought . had one , then got a nelson rigg , then tried to go back to the teknic . I guess that unfortunately they musta changed their supplier to an even seedier sweatshop somewhere in asia , cuz the kid that was supposed to heatseal the adjustable velcro tab at the wrist forgot to plug in the machine before starting his 18 hour shift . I touched it and it peeled away like it was put on using butter as glue . So maybe I ought to be mad at the dairy farmer that sold the butter to the sweatshop guy in a bucket labeled glue . Returns are super easy with this seller and amazon . I had to retire the original coat b/c it looked so bad from so much use that it was just moa embarrassing to wear it than show up wet . yeah yeah , I cant spell too good , get a hobby , ainokea .
 I saw many conflicting reviews , but figured for the price I would take the risk . The suit was definitely not worth the money . The pants leaked the first ride . The suit is uncomfortable and feels of low quality . Although I do n't have any experience with other rain suits , I would recommend looking at some suits in person . Good luck
 The crotch and inside leg seams ripped apart the first time it was worn . Not a very happy experience with this product .
 Item had a very good price over other sites , as for functionality , I did n't notice any difference in gas mileage . I 'm glade I did n't pay the going price of $ 65 .
 We ordered this mirror and the one for the other side 2 times and both times the support posts were broken so that the mirror could not be installed or used in any way . This was not a UPS shipping problem . The mirror glass was not broken . The plastic support posts for the screws was broken , probably at the packing plant . Amaaon did not return postage the first time , but did their best to do the right thing for the second return .
 This sticker is very inapproiate . Schizophrenia is not to mixed with M.P.D -LRB- Multiple Personality Disorder -RRB- or split personality . If you are going to make a product , do a litte research before you make it !
 Jeanie , it appears you 've already beat me to the statement I wanted to make!But I suppose I will add that even if the word ` schizophrenia ' were replaced -LRB- on the bumper sticker -RRB- with ` DID ' or ` multiple personalities ' , it would still not be funny . And not simply because we 're talking about mental disorders . While I imagine this bumper sticker is probably not the best way to make friends -- and mental disorders indeed are not a joking matter at least not close to my vicinity -- it still remains that even if it WERE ` politically correct ' and NOT misinformed ... the joke itself is still plainly not funny . -LRB- And I wo n't even go into the hideous font and color . -RRB-
 I 'm all for making fun of people , but this message is not clever because it does not make sense .
 I have had the product for more than a year , The distance that you can start your car remotely is very limited and its no where close to what is claimed in the manual , my brother exchanged it with Cobra system which works close to one mile away if i were you i would spend the extra money and get the cobra.Hope this helps .
 I 've had these hood pins for a little over a year . During that time , I 've had to replace two of the hood pin inserts as they somehow managed to ` fall out ' while driving . I noticed my hood starting to ease up as I was merging onto the highway , stopped at the nearest autozone to replace the missing pin . About a week ago , I was driving on the highway when one of the pins shot out of the bolt . My hood immediately lifted up , ripping the entire other bolt out of the car , destroying my windshield . t-tops and carbon fiber hood . The topside frame of my car will have to be pulled out . Total of about $ 1100 in damage . Do not buy these . Invest in proper hood pins .
 My engineering degree tells me that it is true that turbulent air flows better . However , the obstruction does not make up for the gains . I noticed a decrease in fuel mileage in my 2007 Trailblazer .
 This product makes sense . It also makes sense for the chips they talk about for the computer in your car . But the best I was able to get was 1 mpg improvment . Not sure if it was the Tornado or the fact that I tuned it up with new plugs , distributor cap/rotor/spark plug wires , cleaned my K&N air filter as I did them all at the same time . Either way , my MPG was 12/16 . Any type of improvement when gas is over $ 4.00 per gallon was an improvement in my book . I did notice a little better responsiveness in the pedal when in the lower 3 gears . SUV was a 2001 Dodge Durango SLT 5.9 liter 360 engine 4x4 . So I guess with what size engine I have the gas mileage was good for improvment to 12/17 . Driving style did not change .
 It matches my car but the problem was , it wo n't stick to my car . I followed the instructions as indicated but it just wo n't stick . Overall it served the purposed on to my car .
 I purchased two sets of these WeatherTech mud flaps for the front and rear of my 2011 extended cab Silverado LT. Five minutes after opening the box I had to make arrangements to return the rear flaps . The first screw was SO TIGHT that the hex wrench stripped the head of the stainless steel screw . The front set of mud flaps fit well and were a breeze to install . If the rear replacement flaps fit as well as the front set and I do n't strip anymore screws I would gladly give these flaps 5 stars.UPDATE
 The manufacturing is not within the tolerances of the OEM unit . There is a half moon opening where the strut rod fits through . This allows the strut shaft nut to be tightened . The opening on this unit is too large , so the shaft spins , not allowing the nut to be properly tightened . It happened on both the left and right side . 97 Maxima . I 'm not a happy camper ...
 Ai n't the first of these I 've bought . had one , then got a nelson rigg , then tried to go back to the teknic . I guess that unfortunately they musta changed their supplier to an even seedier sweatshop somewhere in asia , cuz the kid that was supposed to heatseal the adjustable velcro tab at the wrist forgot to plug in the machine before starting his 18 hour shift . I touched it and it peeled away like it was put on using butter as glue . So maybe I ought to be mad at the dairy farmer that sold the butter to the sweatshop guy in a bucket labeled glue . Returns are super easy with this seller and amazon . I had to retire the original coat b/c it looked so bad from so much use that it was just moa embarrassing to wear it than show up wet . yeah yeah , I cant spell too good , get a hobby , ainokea .
 I saw many conflicting reviews , but figured for the price I would take the risk . The suit was definitely not worth the money . The pants leaked the first ride . The suit is uncomfortable and feels of low quality . Although I do n't have any experience with other rain suits , I would recommend looking at some suits in person . Good luck
 The crotch and inside leg seams ripped apart the first time it was worn . Not a very happy experience with this product .
 the dash mat was the wrong one . i sent it back over a week ago and there has been no refund or replacement yet . not even an email .
 The picture is not what you get all you get are the 6 inserts not the kit as pictured I hope they correct the picture so you dont get confused like i did .
 WARNING - this part is actually 7mm x 1.0 mm , not 10mm x 1.0 mm as described . Do not order it if you need the 10mm thread size .
 Mounting screws were missing but called manufacture and replacements were sent . Istallation was inder 10 minutes and it looks good but it is too low of profile to deflect bugs . Live in rural area and driving at night , bug splatter windshield . Would not recommend
 well this was supposed to be for my truck and when it came in it looked nothing like the picture and it came no where close to fitting my truck dash ! it was to short and completely different than what they said i was getting ... compared to the picture ... i paid about 35 dollars for a piece of crap that doesnt work ... thanks alot !
 Product does not fit my 1995 Audi A6 Quattro as described.The holes on the front mats are about 3 inches too wide and incorrectly placed for the factory mounting points . In addition , the mats do n't seem to line up properly with the shape of the floor.The rear mats are too large and do n't really line up with the floor either . The rear mats cover up the under-seat air vents by about 1 inch.This is not compatible with 1995 Audi A6 Quattro 's -LRB- and I imagine all C5 audi 's -RRB- . Not sure why it is advertised as such.It came with a note saying to contact Coverking with any issues . I contacted them 4 days ago and 2 days ago and received no response .
 After buying SM5179 , I bought SM5180 so I would do both side together . Although 2 mounts were from same seller made by KYB in India , they had different appearances in a few ways , i.e. lug sleeve , direction mark -LRB- 5180 does not have mark at all -RRB- , number of bolts -LRB- 5180 came with 2 sets of bolts -RRB- . These 2 could be from different batches , but they should meet same KYB standard.I had sent inquiry email to KYB , but I have not received any response . I did put both onto my car and both have worked OK so far .
 I bought this tool hoping I could use it to adjust the carburetors on My Craftsman trimmer and Poulan Blower . -LRB- previous review -RRB- None of the bits fit . Do n't buy it for this . I am returningOther than that , the tool is good quality .
 good service good looking tool but it did n't work i think it was manely for car carberaters the socket was to thick to go into the carb on my weedeater brand blower i sent it back for a refund
 Was looking for a tool to adjust the carburetor on a Craftsman Weedeater . This tool was advertised as suitable for same
 It was ` nt the right tool.so i sent it back , has been about 4 weeks now still have ` nt got my money returned to me yet.I have a routing mail # when i sent it.so if you want it email me .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 BEWARE
 This pipe does NOT fit Camry V6 95-96 . The inner diameter of catalyst outlet is smaller than the original one
 I bought this product so that I could power my laptop in the car . I bought other Coleman products in the past and bought this one because of the Coleman name . It worked great for 3 months . Then it just stopped working . It was still under warranty so I called Coleman for a replacement . They said the product was made by another company that licensed Coleman 's name . They would n't replace it or refund my money . Amazon would n't replace it or refund my money because I was outside of their 30 day window . So now I have a very expensive piece of junk that nobody will support . I wo n't be buying Coleman products any more !
 My wife 's 2006 Toyota Sienna is red and if you do n't have a perfect match in color then you get what I did , a red van with reddish pink scratches covered and standing out all over the place . The colored wax stains your hands , rags used to buff and it shows up for weeks down the road in every little crevice you missed removing it from , since it is a glowing pinkish red . I tossed it in the garbage right after finishing waxing the car the first time . I was wondering why you do n't see this product made by a well known company like Turtle Wax anymore.It was actually a good idea if the auto manufacturers made it themselves to match each specific paint color . But just one red color to cover all the reds out there wo n't work . Save your money .
 I have a 12 year old car the paint is in good condition except back bumper was slightly starting to fade.Then I decided to try this product to see if it would help bring back the color on the bumper . Big mistake it ruined what was left of the paint looks like I ` am getting the bumper painted . Not a cheap fix after all it would have been better if I just waxed as usual .
 This product did nothing for me . It does not do what it advertises.It was the same as putting nothing on my car .
 After using this product I saw a small improvement in the shine . I also had very small scratches and they all can still be seen .
 I paid good money for a bad product in this case . It really messed up the finish on my car . Had to take the car to a detail wash & wax place and let them work on it to bring it back to good shape . It took some work but they got it done , thankfully . I do not recommend that you use this product on your car .
 The only thing that stay RED was the rag.And I bought 2 bottles of the stuff.NOT HAPPYTurtle Wax T-375KTR Color Magic Car Polish , Red - 16 oz .
 I bought this product in two colors -LRB- Red and Black -RRB- for use on a 10 yr old Taurus and a 20 yr old beater Nissan Sentra whose paint had seen it 's better days . I washed both vehicles thoroughly and then applied Meguiar 's M4916 Heavy Duty Oxidation Remover with a 7 '' buffer to remove all the old oxidation , washed the vehicles again and then waxed . After having endured the mess involved with the 10 yr old taurus I opted for using a conventional paste wax I had laying around for the 20 yr old Nissan . I applied two coats to each vehicle and machine buffed each coat . Washed again and applied a coat of Nu Finish to each as a sealant . In the end , the faded old Nissan -LRB- red -RRB- with the conventional wax now looks newer than the 10 yr old Taurus with the much better paint condition and gleams like a new penny.Bottom line , while the product works ok the horrendous mess and the lukewarm result would cause me to select more conventional products in the future -LRB- Did I mention the mess ? -RRB-
 Never worked , but the vendor did say they would replace it . So good customer service . But I got busy and never sent it back , it was easier just to get another one from an actually store so I would have it right then and not have to wait to get it in the mail . .
 bought the product to fix what i consider to be a minor scratch . the wax pencil flaked and fell off & the polish was ineffective ... if you have a scratch that needs to be fixed i recommend going to an auto parts store to find a touch-up paint kit .
 This wax is OK . Not great but I would use it again if it was available on the shelf but for the price online it is not worth it to me . The ` color ' stick is a crayon and really doesnt do much . As stated in some other online advice ` your girlfriend 's fingernail polish comes in more colors and works better ' . I tried the fingernail polish and it works . The color stick crayon works as well as you would expect .
 Installed 3 weeks ago , car has been in easy use . I noticed a crack in the outboard surface of the rotor .
 I was very disappointed with this product . The zipper broke the first time I used it . After closer examination of the tools , they are of poor quality . I would suggest you look elsewhere for a tool set .
 These gaskets are intentionally sized 2 '' shorter than the valve cover . You MUST have a raised track on the inside of the valve cover to hold it or else you have a rubber band that flies off as soon as you release it . I think Fel Pro is upselling the steel core gaskets at four times the price !
 I followed the instructions and I removed the offending item -LRB- wood screw -RRB- from the tire . I squeezed in the whole bottle -LRB- 16oz -RRB- and sealed it up and filled it with the compressor . The compressor could n't keep up after about 20 lbs of pressure it just plateaued because the Slime product never sealed the puncture . I drove for over a mile to try to get the Slime to seal , but I could hear it still leaking as I was driving around . I managed to get to an air hose at a gas station and tried to refill it , thinking that if I could get it filled faster I could drive around longer and give the Slime a chance to work . I tried for nearly an hour trying to drive around and keep the tire inflated , it was a miserable failure . Fortunately I know a shop that has free air , or else this could have been very expensive . The leak was going so fast the slime was just shooting out of the hole it was supposed to be sealing.On the whole I do n't feel ripped off , because I basically paid $ 20 for a small portable air compressor that will work in a pinch . However as for me and my situation , the Slime product failed .
 Slime did not work for me . When I contacted the company , I got the return email below . Below that , you will see the original email I sent to the company to see if I they can help me resolve the problem . Slime made my problem go from bad to worse . However , the pump works well -LRB- average would be 3 but deducted one star for making my tire wobble -RRB- . From
 The unit does work and seems built pretty well but when I turn the unit on it makes a constant buzzing noise . My main gripe with this unit is , you can not properly use a LCD tv with it . When you plug in your tv to the unit , your tv will instantly start making a unhealthy buzzing noise . It makes the noise even when you have not turned on the television . The tv will turn on but you can tell it is not happy . I will be returning the unit and buying a lower wattage more expensive Pure Sine Wave Inverter . I took the chance that this would work for all of my electronics like the add says , but no dice . It does power my router , modem , cable boxes , lamp , Directv SWIM box , and laptop computer . Will find out if PURE SINE WAVE is worth 300 % more than MODIFIED WAVE INVERTER .
 Hooked up to batteries with 2 gage wire & copper connectors . Unit turns on , then immediately goes into thermal shutdown with no load attached and unit is cold . All I can do now is pray we dont loose power or else my basement floods . BTW , batteries are freshly charged and are at 25.68 volts .
 These can be purchased much , much cheaper - jbr17llc.com . The SKF race hub is $ 350 , why in the world would someone pay this much for the standard hub when they could have the race hub for a few $ $ $ $ more ? And , no , you can not get the race hub from that source , they only sell the standard hubs .
 On GM products this clamp kit will not work . It needs to redesigned or relabled . Do n't waste your time or money .
 bought these back in early november to replace my old worn out injectors and they worked great , but now these ones are already starting to die . same company i ordered my throttle position sensor and its dead too . My ecu gave me the check engine codes for both plus i can hear the extra gas dripping into my exhaust system . Now i have to go buy new ones . very disappointed .
 I purchased two of these SM5211 strut mounts , took one look at them , and returned them assuming they were used in some way . They looked like someone had mounted them or scraped them around on the ground outside of the box . The metal ring of the bearings was dinged and scratched all over . The rubber in the bearings looked like someone took some sandpaper to it then threw it in the dirt . There were little bits of rubber coming out of the bearing when I rotated it . And one of the bearings was a lot harder to rotate than the other . I ordered replacements.The replacements are in exactly the same visual condition -LRB- they cross-shipped with my return so I know they are n't the exact same units -RRB- . So I sent pictures to KYB tech support . The person I spoke with was definitely surprised by the quality but in the end said they did n't look used . I agree that they do n't look like they 've been on a car for years . But he could n't explain their condition . And it was interesting to me that he did n't say that this was how they look fresh in the box from manufacturing.So now I have a bunch of new looking KYB struts and shocks , and these not-so-new-looking strut mounts . Choice ... do I return everything , or do I assume KYB 's manufacturing of this particular item is this bad and that I really did receive new product . Since the alternative requires that I go and research another brand of struts for my car , I 'm going to go ahead with these and hope for the best.If these really are completely new first-rate stock , then I hope KYB improves their manufacturing of this item to be more on par with their other parts.If anyone receives mounts that do n't have dings and scratches all over the bearing metal ring and rubber , I 'm very curious to know if I really did receive bad stock.I had no problems with the Amazon return process in my re-ordering of these .
 The plastic buffing disc broke off very suddenly during use and caused the large hex mounting bolt underneath to drive straight into the side of my vehicle , scratching the paint down to the metal before I could pull it away . This $ 25 buffer is going to cost me a few hundred dollars in repairs . Interdynamics no longer appears to list buffers on their website , so perhaps buffers were n't their thing .
 Husband really looked forward to using this . Made swirl marks on his car , actually did better doing it by hand .
 I 'd never buy this again . Rubber came out of place , and the batteries were a nightmare to get back in place and ran out quickly .
 Advertised for a Passat wagon - and did n't fit the grommets . The box label was for another model of VW . Returned for refund .
 Coverking gave Amazon the wrong information for these floormats . Do NOT buy them for a 5th Generation Passat Wagon , as they are meant for a 4th Generation Passat Wagon ! I bought these mats for my 2003 Passat Wagon -LRB- which is a 5th Gen wagon -RRB- , and the passenger side mat is way too wide for my car . The width between the holes of the passenger side mat is quite a bit wider than the width between the pegs on my Passat , so the holes of the passenger side mat do NOT fit on the pegs in the car.I had to email Coverking photos of these mats as well as of the original mats that came with my Passat , and this is what they told me : `` It looks like the item you ordered is for 1998-2001 . If you have a 2003 , then you would need pattern
 This mat , while it is made of nice quality carpet and is bound on the edges , does not fit my Yukon 2nd row seats well at all . It is simply a rectangular piece that should be 3 '' longer on each end to reach the door sill , which is the area that gets the dirtiest !
 This was not the part that was shown at the top of the page when I was shopping . The part by Jake 's buying mistakes was less than half the Amazon part with no supplied picture . I was suspicious with such a price difference but did n't want to argue with a good deal . If they would have supplied a picture it would have been evident I was getting the wrong part . I think the pic . omission was no mistake . They took it back but by the time I paid to ship it back and they deducted their shipping charges , I have $ 27 invested in nothing . Boo .
 This item does not fit the 2001 Chevy Prizm , but the description says it does . I hope that Amazon and 4 Seasons will change its description to better serve the buying public .
 The socket was deformed and would not fit the sensor . It did not appear to be damaged but a manufacturing defect . It was apparent that no one tested the fit before packaging and shipping it . Ended up buying one from NAPA . Not worth the time and trouble to return it .
 Would not buy again . New ceramic brakes an these rotors already groved at 5k . These use to be made in USA but they close the plant and moved to china crap .
 This item originally was just the `` velourmat Red '' plus the long item number , it just recently changed to having a proper name including `` 968 '' in the title . However before this convenient name change , you would have no idea which car the product fit , except for what Amazon said . It told me this product was a `` fit '' for my 1983 Porsche 944 NA . Not true .
 This mat , while it is made of nice quality carpet and is bound on the edges , does not fit my Yukon 2nd row seats well at all . It is simply a rectangular piece that should be 3 '' longer on each end to reach the door sill , which is the area that gets the dirtiest !
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 Please research first , instructions are not clear at all , and once I got this , I figured out this is for SER versions only . .
 I am a heavy duty mechanic by trade and I bought this for use in some of the smaller jobs at work . Well , it broke in less than a month . The drive tip snaped off while I was tightening down some fuel pump bolts . I really do like the design and it is easy to change from forward to reverse with one hand , but I thought the quality would have been better . I think the wobble head design seriously weakens the drive tip . I guess I should have bought the standard tip model but who knows . It would be great around the garage at home but I would n't call it a professional grade tool .
 This mat , while it is made of nice quality carpet and is bound on the edges , does not fit my Yukon 2nd row seats well at all . It is simply a rectangular piece that should be 3 '' longer on each end to reach the door sill , which is the area that gets the dirtiest !
 The plastic connector from the handle to the latch mechanism broke without warning one month after installation . Beware of imitations . This is not a genuine Nissan part .
 This mat , while it is made of nice quality carpet and is bound on the edges , does not fit my Yukon 2nd row seats well at all . It is simply a rectangular piece that should be 3 '' longer on each end to reach the door sill , which is the area that gets the dirtiest !
 I purchased this Interdynamics Safari 275 12 volt air compressor , and used it briefly two times and it functioned OK . About a year later , I needed it again -- it was totally no-good -- no pressure output -- just the noise of the pump operating . I recall spending more for this compared to another product , but I mistakenly thought that I would be paying a litter more for quality . I searched the internet to see if repair parts and instructions are available -- could find none . I purchased a `` Slime '' product at much lower cost and so far it works fine .
 Works but is very slow . Cord is a bit shorter than other 12v inflation pumps I have used . The light is good . The case is a heavy duty box that I like but the latch on the case latches but does not lock down like other latches - I used some double sided Velcro above and below the latch and then a Velcro strip to go over the latch to keep it from opening . If they went to all the trouble to design such a potentially great product it would seem as though the manufacturer could have done a better job regarding the cord , the latch and most especially , the speed of inflation .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 If you think that this will give you step by step instructions you 'd be wrong . It 's basically a good reference to look up what things are called and where they 're located . But at that point , I jumped onto Toyota forums for more details ... youtube was also a great help . Unfortunately I had to open the wrapping to find this out .
 $ 23.00 wasted . It should be titled the `` Toyota Sequoia Partial Manual with Limited Illustrations and the Worst Photo examples ever ! '' I got an ALLDATAdiy subscription to my SPECIFIC VEHICLE with OEM parts and assembly diagrams , CLEAR photos and and Detailed Repair information .
 It is too big for my car . Luckily my moms a seamstress and she can alter it but amazon is so deceiving . They said that it can fit .
 This puller accomplished the task -LRB- pulling a crankshaft pulley -RRB- . It is a poor quality tool though . It is certainly not designed to last a lifetime . The treads do not run smooth , and the metal feels weak . I would not have been surprised if it would have stripped the threads on the first run .
 i was not happy when I received this product . The picture on the website clearly shows 2 eyelets at the bottom of the floormat to be able to fit over the hook in the floor of my vehicle . -LRB- to keep it form sliding -RRB- When I received the floormat set they were obviously a cheaper knock off without the eyelets .
 Well , this says it will fit a 1996 Audi A6 but it definitely does not . It 's too short . I had to go buy a barb fitting and another length of tube to make it work.Edit
 It is not what you see , the bulb with the base . You get only the bulb . So be aware when you order . I sent the vendor an e-mail and never heard from him .
 I recently gave my truck a tune up and found that the No 4 spark plug had been cross threaded by a previous owner . It would not thread in properly from the start and I eventually had to just tighten the thing down as best I could . It worked fine but knowing that it was n't all the way in bothered me . I read the reviews on this tool and thought that it would be helpful in retapping the cross threaded hole.After 20 minutes of messing with this thing and trying to thread it on it finally went . I turned it for a good long while and it was backing out some . But then all the progress stopped . The thing wiggled around the entire time I was turning it and that bothered me some . Once I could see it was not going to make any more progress I decided to back off the thumb screw and pull it out . It would not back out . The thumb screw was just spinning the pin but not backing it off . I spun faster and it did start to back it off and so I thought I could pull the tool out . It would not come out . I spun the thumb screw all the way off and the pin it threads onto fell into the tool . It may have even fallen into the cylinder head . But there 's no way to tell because the tool wo n't come out . The pin is completely backed off , the threads on the tool should be completely retracted , but the tool WILL NOT COME OUT !! As near as I can tell it completely destroyed the spark plug hole . So now I 've got a truck I 'm going to have to tear the engine down on or throw away entirely.Do not use this tool . I read a lot of forum threads that recommended using the Helicoil system . Now I 'm wishing I 'd gone that route . Thanks for the worthless tool and ruined engine KD Tool ! I could n't have done it without you !
 THIS IS A NICE TOOL BUT IT SHOULD HAVE A 5LB HAMMER INSTEAD OF A 3LB HAMMER.IT TOOK A LOT OF HAMMERING TO REMOVE THE REAR AXLE BEARINGS.THE T HANDLE IS ALREADY LOOSE SO I DO N'T KNOW HOW LONG THIS TOOL WILL LAST EVEN IF YOU NEEDED TO USE IT ONCE A WEEK .
 The product was fine ... but the shipping charges were outrageous ! If I had n't had to have this product immediately , I never would have bought from these people . The shipping charge amounted to $ 2 each for a product that only cost $ 2.60 to start with ! Totally nuts !
 This engine mount failed after only one day of use . It may look like the OEM Ford equivalent , but it is inferior in its build quality and performance . The hassle of having to remove and reinstall the engine mount is not worth the few dollars you will save by buying this product instead of a quality OEM mount .
 The rotor was great and the person I purchased it from was great ... I received it in 1/2 the posted time . Five Stars ... On the other hand , The Manufacture `` PowerStop Rotors '' was not helpful regarding a rotor issue and I will never purchase another rotor from PowerStop the Manufacture ... Horrible Customer Service Issues ...
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 I bought ten gallons of this stuff for my parts washer and tried it full strength . The only thing it cleaned was my hands . Just pushed grease around . Finally used a bit of Simple Green and it took the grease right off.Stay away from this product unless you want to waste your hard earned cash .
 All I needed to get was a gauge to check the tire pressure quick and simple . I thought why go all out ? I was wrong . This gauge did not work even once for me . The gauge would n't even fit onto the Schrader valve to form any kind of a seal . After being frustrated off the bat and after messing around with it I ended up just tossing it the garbage .
 Formular , GREATLY Cheapened SINCE COMPANY WAS SOLD ! I did auto detailing 20yrs ago and the WAX SHOP was all we used w / power buffers . It was EXCELENT ! I had some actually left over from that time , it had thickened a bit but added a tad of water and used it on my motorcycle tank to remove clothing abrasions on the clear coat.Worked as always , GREAT !!! Do n't bother with this crap , it sucks !!
 There is nothing blue about these bulbs . I would even rate them more yellowish than pure white . More along the lines of a 4500k bulb . I bought these as fog lights to match my 6000k HID headlights and they were no where close in color . So if your are looking for blue , forget these bulbs .
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 It matches my car but the problem was , it wo n't stick to my car . I followed the instructions as indicated but it just wo n't stick . Overall it served the purposed on to my car .
 These thing are so hard and stiff you ca n't get them onto the torsion bar . I tried the lube that came with them and a heat gun , I still could n't get them on the bar . I ended up splitting them putting the on the bars then repaiting the split with weather stripping cement . I 'll never buy them a again .
 First of all product is not even what is shown in photo . There is an extra flap that hangs over the passenger side air bag . Top cut out for dash tray is the wrong shape and size . This dashmat was a waste of time . I will not be ordering another dash mat from amazon . Looks like I have to go to ford to get the right dash cover for my F150 .
 Save your money , save your time , purchase something else . Used this in my brake washer and it melted the sock filter shut.It works on removing oily film but it does next to nothing to remove deposits.If you 're wanting something cheap for a parts washer look into Simple Green or Purple Power .
 well this was supposed to be for my truck and when it came in it looked nothing like the picture and it came no where close to fitting my truck dash ! it was to short and completely different than what they said i was getting ... compared to the picture ... i paid about 35 dollars for a piece of crap that doesnt work ... thanks alot !
 Although I am the only person who uses my car -LRB- i.e. only one person 's worth of trash -RRB- and am relatively neat , this trash can is still too small -- much smaller than it looks in the picture . Once it has one coffee cup it in , it is mostly full . It 's better than nothing , but if I were buying something now I would definitely get something bigger . Also the velcro does n't really work , and , as others mentioned , it 's annoying that it does n't close properly once you put a liner bag in .
 I guess I should have read the description a little better . When it says ` compact ' it is compact . I need a large wastebasket for our minivan . This would start to overflow after one fast food meal waste for one person . I ended up returning it .
 I 'm just going to copy and paste `` Greg B 's '' comment : I really loved the idea of the Trash can in the car . No mess , no garbage floating around . I was very exited and disappointed when I finally got the product . It is much smaller than expected . It really wo n't fit a bag so you have to take it out to empy it . It also does not stick to the cars carpeting . It 's weighted at the bottom , but it will still tip over . Did I mention it 's very small ? This is a good idea , but it 's still more practicle to carry a bag in your car instead of this . It just takes space .
 Although it is a great product it is way too small for how expensive it is . I was thinking it was going to be a bit bigger anf after some research a two gallon just like it for only $ 13 dollars . Make sure if you buy the item you have a compact car . Other than that the product is great .
 Not happy with construction of bag . It 's already coming apart after a short time in use . I will be getting a replacement for it . Definitely wo n't be from this mfg.
 There are a number of problems with this product . First , it is very small . Secondly , it is weighted by a fabric sandbag that sits in the bottom of the the trash receptacle , so if you do spill something , it will get soaked up by the weight . I do n't know how on earth this item has an average of 4 stars on Amazon . I would never pay even $ 2 for this at a garage sale . Feel very burned .
 This product arrived , looks great , but the snap on inside which allows for support is missing , so will not be rigid = no function . The return label is missing , now I have to spend time repacking , finding a label , shipping back etc.boo
 For $ 17 , I was expecting a lot more than what I got . The trash bin is so small , I ca n't believe I paid $ 17 for it . If you put a bag in it , the bag will be in the way of the velcro to keep the lid closed . A magnet would be a better idea . It works , and is nice to have .
 This does n't stay in place . Therefore , it does not get used ! I wish it would have worked and solved my messy car problem !
 Its big enough to hold candy wrappers and kleenux , but that 's about it . I wish I would 've seen the dimensions before I purchased it .
 The front floor of my Buick was useless ! I would put things there , and in a few minutes -LRB- after making a turn , etc. -RRB- they were tipped , scrambled , and all over the place ! Maybe my husband could build some kind of a box to hold them ? But first I looked on the internet , and found this Litter Bag . It sounded small , but I ordered it for a try . It is wonderful ! It holds more than I ever thought it could , and never tips over !
 I really loved the idea of the Trash can in the car . No mess , no garbage floating around . I was very exited and disappointed when I finally got the product . It is much smaller than expected . It really wo n't fit a bag so you have to take it out to empy it . It also does not stick to the cars carpeting . It 's weighted at the bottom , but it will still tip over . Did I mention it 's very small ? This is a good idea , but it 's still more practicle to carry a bag in your car instead of this . It just takes space .
 This trash bin is so small ! It has a nice design , and I like the weighted bottom , but it was simply too tiny to be practical . The picture is deceiving . I sent it back .
 This might be really great if all you need is a place for used kleenex . Please read the product dimensions and try to imagine what that size container would hold , considering what you have in your car ! In my car I have small water bottles , other drink containers , an occasional fast food bag , and mail that 's not going home . This will hold about one day 's worth of that ! One-half day if my grandchildren are with me.Product is well built and attractive . The weight -LRB- a bean bag -RRB- takes up some of the trash space in a zippered compartment on the bottom . The bag I have is 7 x 6 x 8 . -LRB- Not the listed dimensions -RRB- Minus the bean bag = not much space for trash . Right now there is a water bottle , a juice bottle , and a crumpled up paper bag . Full . Time to empty.I am returning the three I just bought for all the cars in the family .
 The picture is on the complete kit . The price is apparently not for what the picture show but only a repair kit for the solenoid ...
 well this was supposed to be for my truck and when it came in it looked nothing like the picture and it came no where close to fitting my truck dash ! it was to short and completely different than what they said i was getting ... compared to the picture ... i paid about 35 dollars for a piece of crap that doesnt work ... thanks alot !
 I have had very good experiences with similar products in the past where they 've designed the hitch to use existing holes to support the hitch.Every fastener in this arrangement requires you to drill a hole . I was not worried because I 've previously done the type of work required.The first hole the instructions tell you to drill is through the drain plug . The drain plug is a rubber grommet approximately 1 inch in diameter . From this point , the instructions tell you to align all of your other holes . The hole is too large to accurately locate a hitch to the centerline of the car . But at least you can use it to hold the hitch in place while you align it to the correct points.At this point things got a little complicated . I could n't accurately locate the hitch without removing the bumper cover -LRB- lower rear body panel -RRB- from the car . To find all of the fasteners that hold the bumper cover in place , I recommend the factory service manual and a full set of star drives . Fortunately , I have both because I service my car . Once the cover is off , you can access the bumper , take your measurements and locate the hitch and holes properly.Drilling the second hole in the spare tire pan is no problem . The sheet metal cuts relatively easily . After several hours of attempting to drill one of the two holes in the bumper , I decided to return the hitch.The bumper steel is EXTREMELY hard . The instructions recommend their custom tool or carbide drill bits . I tried the carbide bits because I have a set . I do n't know what their tool is made of , but I was done.I was adding the hitch so that I could reuse a rear mount bike rack that I have . I will be buying the racks to mate with the roof rails.I gave it two stars because the description does not warn the buyer that this is not a project easily completed by an average handy person who likes to do this type of work on the weekends . If you really need this hitch , I recommend a professional installer .
 I purchased this product for what it is described in your website but the product i received was not the same . You pictured a wrong product , so I am not happy with this purchase .
 First off it 's not the right hitch as picture shows , If i knew i would n't order it you have to drill extra 2 holes and drop the exhaust . Second the hitch showed up all beat up and scratched pretty bad , did n't come with instructions , hardware or drawbar like amazon says . Really disappointed would never buy from here again , was better off going to uhaul and do it there on the spot ...
 You get what you pay for and I did n't pay much . The seam ripped out when I was trying to put it on . My receipt from Amazon said to contact the distributor , when I called them they were snotty and told me to call Amazon . I ended up sewing them up myself , if they hold up from this point I would gladly give them four stars ... or maybe I deserve four stars .
 I bought this remote for my InFocus 70 + projector . It never worked . The company told me to keep it and keep trying to get it to work . First they told me to change the batteries . I changed them 10 times . Then they told me to clean the LED 's to make sure they were n't dirty . That did n't work . Then they told me to stand directly in front or behind the projector . That did n't work . I kept telling them it would n't work . The only thing that worked was the power button - it does turn the projector on and off . Then they told me to contact InFocus to get a software upgrade . It does n't exist for Windows 7 . This projector is old and they did not have any updates beyond Windows XT . After the return window had passed , they would n't take the product back because it was too late to return it . That sucks because the product NEVER worked but they insisted I keep it and keep trying until I could not longer return it . DO NOT buy this product .
 I bought this Gray Colored Hose to use strickley for our RV . To clean the Black Tank Dump Hose when finished . Its a hose , rather cheaply made . I do n't think it will last for a very long time . But its cheap , and easy to replace .
 The description says 1/2 barb by 1/2 barb . I thought this had something to do with the diameter of the item in relationship as to what size hose it would fit . My mistake as what I receive is a tiny black plastic item for maybe 1/4 inch hose?So if the 1/2 has nothing to do with what the diameter is just how do you know what hose size it will fit.They appear to be of good quality but no where near 1/2 unless they are talking about the length of the connector ?
 Please note that this pump is not compatible with the 2005 dodge ram 1500 , contrary to what is declared to Amazon 's Find Parts that fit your vehicle menu bar . In fact I had to buy another pump .
 I know . It sounds silly to even take the time to review a sticker . But , we are english bulldog fans and thought it 'd be fun to put the sticker on the back window of our SUV . Anyway , even though the sticker is made of the typical vinyl-type material , the black is printed on it much like it would be on a regular sheet of paper . When I washed the back window , the black rubbed away . It was like the grime on the window scratched the black off so now the sticker looks shoddy and I 'm going to peel it off . In my opinion , it would have been much better made had they simiply cut out the bulldog picture to let the tint from the back window show through - kind of like they do with the family stickers . Anyway , for $ 6 , including shipping , it was a bit disappointing . That being said , if you want to place it in an area that is out of the elements , it probably would work fine for your purposes .
 Googled a 2 inch diameter 90 degree fuel filler hose Received a 1 inch diameter hose WHY !!!!! I do n't understand how this can happen
 The cooling lines are switched . I wanted to use it for 1984 K20 suburban 6.2 L , Diesel , my tranny cooling are on the drivers side , left , engine oil cooler on the right -LRB- larger Lines -RRB- . This radiator turnout to be the opposite . I did not want to cut the end fitting or mess with modifying mine , so I returned it . Also mine was 4 row , so I will order 4 row with lines in the correct place .
 First let me state that I 'm an avid Amazon.com shopper . I always seem to find the best deals on Amazon.When I opened this particular item , I was a bit shocked to see that the color was not solid black or gray . Instead it was a very dark shade of gray or black with light gray specs all over it . Not sure if it was because of the tweed material or not . Amazon 's customer service department quickly refunded my money without too many questions but I have to say this was the first time that I found the picture and/or description to be misleading.I blame myself a bit too . I should of read all of the reviews . For those looking at this item , please know there are many vendors on Amazon selling the same thing . To get an accurate review , you need to search all Saddleman Seat Covers . You will see what I 'm talking about.Quality - Poor for $ 120.00 - Thin , flemsy , poor fabric . I would suggest dropping the price to $ 50 or $ 60 . Color - MisleadingDescription - MisleadingPic - MisleadingAmazon Customer Service - Outstanding as always
 I thought I had found the perfect item to end the screaming from my infant for when the sun glares in his face while sitting in the back of the car , but the suction cups do n't stick on ! I tried sticking them in cold weather , warm weather , after wetting them and while dry . No luck ! So I think I 'm going to just try and rig on some other suction cups . The shade itself is a nice style and design , but the suction cups are no good .
 THIS HAS THE WORST SUCTION CUPS EVER . IT IS NOTHING MORE THAN A PIECE OF CLOTH , IT DOES NOT STICK , IT IS JUNKAVOID IT
 This sun screen is a great idea , but I could n't get the hard black rubber suction cups to stick to the glass . -LRB- The other First Years `` adjust and lock car shades '' I purchased had clear rubber suction cups and worked fine . -RRB-
 Product is too small for the rear window of a Prius ! I can see how it would work for SUV 's .
 I have a Honda Civic . The suction cups do n't stay on for more than 30 seconds . If someone is sitting in the back seat , they have to keep re-attaching them . Most of the time , however , I 'm driving alone with my son , so I 'm back to using the carseat canopy for shade ... which he hates .
 I purchased this item for my son , as I do not have tinted windows and he graduated from an infant carrier to a regular carseat . I bought 3 of them -LRB- one to use on the back window , and 2 for the side windows -RRB- and I must say they do n't work that well . Sun still manages to hit my son 's face , making the car ride uncomfortable for him . Not only that , the suction cups on the sunshades do n't stick very well . I 'm constantly having to stick them back up every few minutes . Would I buy these again ? Definitely not , and I would n't recommend them either . Keep looking .
 Looks much nicer than it is ! Does not cover the whole back window AT ALL ! Flimsy and I never could figure out how to securly attach it at the bottom ... so it just blows all over the place ! Do n't waste your money !
 The rear window shade made by `` The first Years '' does not do the job at all . First of all is super dark and you are enable to see anything from the back window . It is not safe for the driver !! As for the shade that gives the baby it is not good at all ! My baby was still fuzzing from the sun . I guess I 'm reallydissapointed in this product and hope to find something better . Also forgot to say that the way that they have it installed in the picture is not at all they way you will end up doing it , unless you have the same type of car they used for this picture/product .
 this product is the most unstable product I have ever ordered I would never order it again
 I bought this to use in the back of a subaru wagon . It does n't cover the whole back window ... which is probably to be expected with a station wagon . However the real deal breaker was that it is a distraction . I think it would be too dark to use while driving at night . And during the day it was just a pain . You can sort of see through it but I did n't feel like it did my baby any good and I 'd rather see clearly while driving so I took it down .
 The product 's suction cups wo n't stay up for more than 30 seconds ! It does n't completely block the sun from hitting my baby 's eyes . The product creates a blurred and darkened rear vision . I do n't feel safe and in control with the thing up , especially at night and when I have the baby in the car . So it has to be continuously removed for night driving - that is if you can somehow make it stay up for that long ! I had to pull over on the freeway a couple of times ; once in order to make the suction cups stick during the day and another time to get the one side that was still up , down in order to have a clear view of the road at night !
 I have a 2010 Honda Civic sedan . I put this sunshade across the rear window , after following all manufacturer 's suggestions for preparing the surface , and no matter what I do , the shade does n't stay put . The cups lose their suction quickly , or come loose with the slightest breeze . I 'm not sure if this problem is due to the embedded heating elements in the rear window that do n't allow for good suction or if it 's just not a good quality product . If anyone has found a way to make the shade stick , I 'd be interested in hearing the solution . It is also too wide -LRB- from top to bottom -RRB- and does n't stretch taut . I tuck it into the back seat as far as I can , but it just does n't seem to be a good fit . It does provide adequate sun protection , but I would n't recommend it if you have a Honda Civic sedan .
 I bought the sunshade because I thought it would be white on one side and black on the other -LRB- as pictured -RRB- . It is all black and hard to see through .
 This is the second purchase of this shade . I really found that it protected my son the first time with no tinted windows but in my new vehicle that has slightly tinted windows it does nothing to protect him now . The suction cups do not keep the shade up either . The fabric is transparent enough to see during the day and night . I would rather just pay to have a darker tint put on my window than to buy this again .
 I have a Toyota Prius which is a hatchback car . This shade just hangs down but you can not secure it to anything on the bottom . -LRB- It has two tabs that are suppose to squeeze between the back seat and the back panel most hatch backs have a big gap there . -RRB- This is not a big deal until you open your windows and the shade starts flapping all over the place.On the plus side it did cover the whole back window .
 There is no NC contact in this relay . It only has a NO contact . The included plug does have five wires as stated , its just that one of them goes to nothing.Seller could have written a better description .
 I purchased this item based on a recommendation when purchasing BullDog Remote start and this item was not needed , waste of money !
 Hooked it up as the directions stated , could not get it to do what it is supposed to to . I 'll keep trying but Im starting to think its a lost cause .
 Awful !! Installation was extremely hard . Spent 8 hours . Half way through I discovered I needed to order another component for the installation into an Elantra . Splurge and get one installed .
 I was looking for a 5-terminal relay because I need the 87a terminal to switch something off versus switching it on . This is listed with a 5-wire harness and I foolishly thought it was a 5-terminal relay and it was not . I am sending it back .
 I always test new products to make sure they are functioning correctly before using them in a complex circuit and out of the two I ordered only one worked correctly , The one that did n't work had continuity bleed through the normally open terminal . I guess you get what you pay for .
 There is no NC contact in this relay . It only has a NO contact . The included plug does have five wires as stated , its just that one of them goes to nothing.Seller could have written a better description .
 ** SELLER NEEDS TO CORRECT THEIR DECEPTIVE DESCRIPTION ** I ordered this before and received 5 terminal relays , but received 4 temrinal relays this time around . Without the N.O. terminal you can not use this for some -LRB- 5 wire -RRB- power lock installations unlike how they are advertising this product . If you need the N.O. terminal I highly suggest ordering elsewhere . If you need just a 4 wire setup then this will work just fine .
 These relays are NOT 5 pin relays . The connector is 5 wire but the relay attached to it is only 4 pin . Now I know why others are having issues connecting these up.It 's probably a waste to return these items . This vendor is getting away with false advertising and probably not getting many return due to the low cost . They have complaints on other sites as well .
 Sherco presents this item as a Bulldog brand product when in fact it is now .
 This is very complicated with many modes , issues , and problems . If you 're a weekend mechanic , great . If not , it 's endless trouble -- endless trouble . Just now my Durango 's new battery is dead from honking outside the grocery store endlessly . Took a cab home . And I 'm a mechanical engineer , albeit not an auto mechanic .
 I spent countless hours on trying to get this to work.I even bought the T-harness to make the install easier.The T-harness only hooks up the remote car starter part of it.I was under the impression that it would hook up everything just to find that it doesnt.I also bought a bypass for the anti-theft system.I put this system in but couldnt find the power lock wires that I needed to.So I went ahead and figured I could go without the locks.This is where it got interesting.After spending hours and getting everything hooked up , I pushed the start button.The Trailblazer started ... and shut off.Tried it again and the same thing happened over and over.Well went to the computer and found that the $ 120.00 bypass module I got needed to be reset because it was giving me a code.Huh , no problem , went through the list to reset it and got to the next to last step.You need to hit the lock/unlock button.Remember me saying I didnt wire the locks.I went back hooked the lock wires from the remote starter to the bypass module.Went through the reset list and nothing happened.After a hour of trying to wire this and that I came to realize that it must have to go through the anti-theft system itself and I couldnt find those wires to wire it up.I called support and left messages to which I still havent heard anything yet to date.I emailed support and still havent heard anything yet to date.All in all , I spent $ 240.00 for complete junk that I counldnt get to work.I also spent hours on the computer doing research because their directions suck and arent clear.If you have no expereince in automobiles or wireing STAY AWAY from this crap.Its nothing more than a headache.Remember nothing is universal !
 Let me start out by saying I have installed at least a 2 dozen different remote starters so far . I know how these things work and how they are supposed to work . I have installed remote starters in many different brands of vehicles with and without transponder keys . I did read the install manual from front to back before purchasing the unit and then before I installed the thing . I did solder the wires like the manual suggested instead of the wire crimp method . I even double checked that I was using the proper wires with a VOM and compared the results with the wire diagram Bulldog had on there web site . They did have a couple errors for the Honda Element 2004-2008 diagram.So after installing the remote starter and the transponder bypass module , module 791 . By the way , the 791 module is a cheap piece of crap . The key almost falls out of the thing when you finally get it open to place the key in the loop . The key can just flop around in there and more than likely short out some of the electronics . Now the starter is installed and the moment of truth arrives . I hit the start button and ... . the car turns over but wo n't start . I double check my wires and check the transponder module . Everything is correct . I try it again . Nothing . The starter try 's 3 times then quits . I unplug the thing and check my wires once again . This time the car starts . I did n't change a thing . I feel pretty good . 30 seconds later , the car shuts off . God F@#$%ing dammit POS !!!!!! Now I am pissed !!!!! There has to be a problem with the transponder key bypass to shut the car down . I put a key in the ignition . Same thing . I took it out of the car and tried to bench test it the thing just starts and stops.So let 's fast forward 4 + hours of troubleshooting . Conveniently the DIY kit tech support is not available on the weekend . There hours are like 9:30 to 5pm . How convenient , a DIY kit with tech support with normal hours . Because all DIY people install stuff during the normal work week hours . I write them a long email about the problems and what I did to troubleshoot the thing . They write back , yup it 's bad please send it back with a $ 25 check . That 's it , you pissed me off . I packed it back up and returned it to Amazon.So my advice is stay away form this thing like the plague . It is a piece of crap . I wasted at least 5 hours with this thing . I can normally install a car starter in a hour or so . I was trying to install this without my wife knowing so that Xmas morning she could have a remote start key fob in her stocking to just start her car and be on her way . To late now . Thanks Bulldog for building a total piece of crap . Now I have all there wiring tied into the car that needs to get taken out for the new one and it 's too late to reinstall a new one to make it a surprise . So I now have to wrap up another one as a gift . That just sucks . I mean seriously , does your wife or significant other want to open up a remote starter that is n't installed ? No , I do n't think so . Then they have to wait to get it installed . I have done this type of thing for other were it gets installed before xmas and it is awesome to see the look on there face when the car starts . So I will never purchase a Bulldog product again or ever recommend it . I will be sure to recommend other brands as they actually DO work.Seriously disappointed
 I received an item that had obviously been removed form another vehicle , stuck in a box , and mailed . I could still see the splices above where the wires were cut . Asked for a refund , no replacement . Would n't recommend to anyone .
 Didnt work with the car at all , I had to buy a new one to get it to intall correctly so paid double what I wanted to .
 I asked my brother-in-law , who is a certified mechanic , to help me install this . After he read through the instructions he told me it would be too big of a job for him and that he could n't do it . I called around a few auto shops and asked if they could and they were so quick to tell me no when I mentioned it was Bulldog Security ... like it 's the plague . I can only imagine why . Now I 'm stuck with a useless product since there 's no way I 'm capable of trying to install this myself . I guess this is what you get for trying to buy cheap .
 while this product may be very good , we 'll never know . We contacted 3 people in town who could install the starter , the first would not install this one , he would install the one he offers for $ 350 . The second one said that he took more of these out , than he installed because they have been known to screw up the mother boards in the vehicles . The third guy said he would install it , 5 hours at $ 65.00 per hour but not guarantee anything because they have been known to screw up the vehicle once they are installed . Sat `` on hold '' with manufacturer for 20 minutes and never got anybody who knew any thing .
 I was excited to to get my remote starter just for the fact that I live in Minnesota . When I purchased the remote starter I new I would not be able to install this product , so I followed the website to the professional installers.The installer arrived on time but did not know much about the Bulldog Product . He kept on having to look at the paperwork that came with the starter . When he finished the car would crank and not stop cranking for a long period of time then it would shut down . I checked the web site and found a so called fix , this did not work . We tried some other adjustments with the tach mode and that did not work . Long story short I had the starter in my car for 4 months trying many fixes and adjustments , no luck . Well last night I finally just ripped the starter out and put it in the trash . What a waste of $ 400 including the install .
 I gave it one star due to the lack of professional installation companies that work with this brand . I knew I could not install it myself and opted to have Best Buy or any installation do it . None deal with Bulldog systems and that seems a bit alarming to me . Also I have a 2004 Dodge Durango and do not want to give up a key to do the 791 bypass , so I am opting for another bypass system that does not require this . I 've had the system since September and its still not installed . I may be selling it on craigslist or just eating the $ 66 cost and getting a Viper system or something along those lines . Its getting cold fast and I need the remote start for my little ones so we do n't freeze til death waiting for the car to warm up.Update
 THIS IS NOT AN EASY KIT TO INSTALL . YOU CAN NOT GET TECH SUPPORT TO HELP YOU . MY HUSBAND RETURNED THIS PRODUCT . I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT , YOU CAN NOT EVEN GET PROFESSIONAL INSTALLERS TO HELP YOU WITH THIS KIT .
 I DO N'T KNOW ABOUT THE PRODUCT BUT DO NOT BUY FROM NORTHERN TOLL + EQUIPMENT THE ONE YOU GET IS NOT A BULLDOG IT IS A PRESTIGE AND WHEN YOU CALL THEM ABOUT IT THEY WILL TELL YOU THAT THEY ARE THE SAME THING AND THEY ARE NOT !
 My 06 trailblazer had alot of extra notes , came down to it the person i hire said he could n't do it with risking my computer .
 The unit seems like pretty good quality , but i have not been able to install it yet as one of the three wiring harnesses was MISSING ! Instead of three different harnesses , there were 2 identical ones . The other problem that i have with it is that the keys could be labeled better ; there is a key on the top left and a lock on the top right , i just know that if i let somebody borrow the car , they 'll end up pressing the key to unlock it and end up starting the car . Not a big deal , but the keys could have been maybe a little more thoughtfully labeled , like `` Start '' and `` Stop '' , `` Lock '' and `` Unlock '' for example . Just my opinion . Other than that i guess it seems ok !
 I was given this product as a gift , and after looking into reviews I was n't overly excited to get started working on it . I realized I needed a security bypass , which was not currently available online . I tried to call them , no one answered . I proceeded to call 4-5 times a day . I then tried to call other departments , sales , tech support , customer service , even accounting , accounts payable , receivable . Not one human ever answered the phone , or called me back.It then became a sport , I was determined to get a human on the phone . Embarrassingly I probably called a total of 35 times . 3 days later , I realized I probably could spend my time better by just writing bad reviews online . So do yourself a favor , do n't buy this product , and support a sham company .
 I agree with other negative posts . the tech support is a scam . Anyone putting in 4star ratings and talking about cheerful tech support agents has got to be a plant . I installed the unit on a Dodge Stratus with moderate success . Took about 6 hrs . It worked for a couple weeks , now just restarts every 5 seconds . I emailed tech support a couple weeks ago and never heard back . I have called tech support about a dozen times and get nothing , not even an answering machine . I 'm sure my problem could be answered pretty quickly by a knowledgeable support person , but it appears that no such support exists . I 'm tempted to rip it out and try to get my money back .
 It is completely 100 % not as easy as advertised . splicing all the wires of my car just wasnt easy nor practical .
 Tried to install this recently . Discovered I would need a 791 bypass for my vehicle . Put everything in and the car will crank but not start . Move the antenna loop around and shazam it starts . Put everything back together and the car will crank but not start again . Went throught this exercise several times . Bottom line when I put the cover on that goes over the steering column the transponder ring is not effective . I can take the cover off and move the ring near the ignition switch key hole and everthing works . Now if I want to leave the cover off this is a great peice of eqiupment . Of course this will not look like junk and therefore I will not do so.Today I have a vehicle with butchered wiring that will not start with the remote . There is no apparent solution to this problem as tech support is short and unconcerned . I have called and emailed several times . They are quick to talk over you and come off quite cavalier.Bottom line after spending $ 65 for the unit , $ 26 for the 791 bypass , $ 100 for the extra programmed key to go in the 791 , the best part of the day installing this thing , and then another day or so troublesooting I would have been much better off spending $ 200 at Best Buy to have them install one of their units . A buddy of mine did so and has been starting his car remotely while I have not . This is a Rube Goldberg device at best.This may be fine for cars without a security system .
 I got one of these as a Christmas present a few years ago . I am not technically inclined , but the ad made it seem like any idiot could do this no sweat . Well after about a week of freezing and laying in ridiculous positions , I got it installed . I had a mess of wires everywhere and there is not much room to work in my car . Maybe if I had a garage , or liked working on cars I would be telling a different story , but I do n't . Well it worked well for a while and then my dash lights stopped working . It was n't a fuse , and my mechanic said that electrical stuff can be expensive just to trouble shoot so I have been without dash lights for a while . Recently , I had to ` panic stop ' to avoid hitting a black bear and my starter has stopped working ever since , in addition to all the other problems the sudden stop caused.I wo n't lie . I hate working on cars and I 'm not good with them . I got this so I could have a warm car on cold mornings . That much was really nice . I wish I had a professional install this though . It was a headache , and honestly , I would not have gotten this if I knew it would be this much trouble . For car people this is probably no sweat . For someone who just wants their car to start remotely and does n't want a hassle , I would think twice .
 Complete crap works fine if your standing right next to the car . feels and looks cheap . shop around I found a viper for the same price , wish i would have ordered it first .
 Im sure this is a great system ... . I 've never been able to get it to do anything but flash the headlights and unlock the doors ! We even bought the wiring harness for it and had it installed and the shop could n't get it either . . We replaced it thinking it was broken and number two ... same thing . WHATEVER
 I ordered this item for my 2002 Ford Ranger Edge . Great price on Goldbox.The instructional dvd would NOT play . It was scratched.After opening , I realized I needed some extra items from bulldog to make this item work with my vehicle.I emailed them numerous times , and left them numerous voice mails . They never emailed or called back.I am sure this item works for some people , but I do n't trust a company that ca n't back up their product by providing support .
 Even though the deal WAS TO GOOD TO BE TRUE ... Ca n't find anyone in our area to install it . . I wanted to surprise my husband for Christmas but low and behold here it is Vallentine 's Day and still do n't have a local installer ... Soooo Disappointed
 I have installed two of these units now and they BOTH had exactly the same problem ... they work for about a month and then quit working . Once they stop working , you have to unplug all the wired from the unit and simply plug them back in and that seems to reset everything and allow it to work for a few more days until you have to reset the unit all over again ! WHAT A PAIN IN THE A ** . This thing really should be called bull ** it security!Not only are the directions extremely vague , but they simply leave you guessing at almost every wire splice !
 Let me start off by saying that I was a mechanic for a few years and now have an electrical engineering degree so installing this should not have been a problem . I also have the shop manual for my car which gives me info on were all the wire are . They also do not sell a T-harness for my car -LRB- 97 Lexus ES 300 -RRB- so I had to splice in all the wires myself.Install took about 2 hours . When the unit after install the car started ran for 5 seconds then shut off . It did that again then the alarm went off . I call tech support and they tell me the only way to operate this unit with my car is to use the factory transponder to unlock the car first . Well that sucks who wants to do that , + you have to have two key fobs with you , + if you forget to unlock first the alarm will go off.So I figure out a way around that by taking the FASD wire and connected it to my unlock wire in the door . This way before it remote starts the car it will unlock the door like you put the key in the door and unlocked it . The tech support said there was no way to do thisNow it should work it starts and runs for a few seconds then turns off and keeps repeating . I connect the TACH wire from the remote start to the tachometer feed in the car . Program the unit for TACH operation . Then teach it to learn the TACH . Same dam problem.Call tech support and ask him about the problem . He says the unit is not seeing noise after the car starts . I tell him that 's why I connected the TACH I also know the unit learned the TACH because it confirmed it did when I was programming it . His advice is to remove the TACH wire and connect to an ignition wire . To me this is crap half ass solution . Asked what signal the remote start is looking for so I could go out with an oscilloscope and check the TACH output or make it look like the unit wants and he could not tell me.I can not trust this unit without the TACH connected . Last thing I want is to be replacing the battery or the started because this unit kept trying to start the car over and over again when i am inside waiting for the car to warm up.You get what you pay for -LRB- the RS1100 and RS1200 are the same thing I asked tech support -RRB-
 The starter seems to work , just not on my Jeep Cherokee . After 2 phone calls and several emails to support , it was determined that the unit was bad . Got a new unit , installed and the same thing happened . The unit does n't see a voltage increase once the vehicle is started and shuts it off . Tried to get in touch with support again ... not happening.Support just stinks , you have to leave a message and hope they call back at a convient time . Email takes 2 days or better .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 As the product itself , it turned out to be not that bad , except even with the extended function it does n't work beyond 200-300 feet -LRB- all installation ` by the book , re-checked -RRB- , and you may forget about promissed 800 ! But this is not the worst part . The biggest problem is to get any ansers from their technical support . They are repeatedly ignoring any requests , starting from the regular customer service representatives and ending with the customer support manager , who , probably , has bigger problems than supervising his department.So , I strongly recommend to consider other suppliers of these systems . I 'm sure it will be much better option !
 My original 1200 on my last vehicle was excellent.So I ordered two this time , for my newer two vehicles.Upon reciept , I saw that it was not the same as the old one.It did not look like the picture , Bulldog upgraded this model number.It looked easier to install , and the remotes were newer looking too.After installing unit one on my Toyota 4Runner , it did not work right.It started the truck , but gave a horrible whining sound after 15 seconds.I called their tech support - he tried to help , but appeared clueless.So I decided to just deal with the horrible whining sound.I started the truck later with the remote and it started fine.I than inserted the key in the ignition , and preceeded to drive away.Upon reaching my destination , I tried to turn it off with the key.It WOULD NOT shut off , I was forced to turn it off with the remote.I figuered it was a factory defect , and decided to use unit 2 instead.I left all the wiring intact , since I really know what I am doing . -LRB- I 'm an AC and DC electrical man for over 35 years -RRB- Unit number two was even worst than unit number one.This one cranked the starter non-stop , as soon as I plugged in the harness.It would n't start the truck , just endless crank - crack - crank.I finally gave up - two defective Bulldogs with two different problems.I returned them to Amazon for a refund , and bought 2 new other ones from them.NOT BULLDOGS !!!!!!! A once great remote starter - ruined by updating something the wrong way .
 Was not easy to install nor was it a good product . I would not recommend this product to friend.MJ
 I am a certified technician with over 25 years of professional automotive experience . I recently purchased a Bulldog RS82 remote starter unit along with the 791 Bypass for the Passlock-II security system for a 2003 Olds Bravada . I finally got the unit working , but it took upwards of 10 hours to install and another 10 hours of troubleshooting to get it working . I did not purchase the T-adapter for the wire harness , and spliced all of the wires as shown in the DVD . The T-adapter would most likely have saved installation time . There were no installation instructions for the 791 Bypass in the enclosed information . The installation video is OK for the RS82 install , but is incomplete for the 791 Bypass . The DVD only describes 4 wires that need to be connected for the 791 . You actually need to connect 2 more ! Upon calling tech support , I was put on hold for 45 minutes and got cut off . Was on hold for another hour and finally hung up . The best way to contact Bulldog is via E-mail . Got a response the next day and a direct dial line to a support person . This person seemed to be very knowledgeable . After several phone calls and various testing suggestions , we finally determined that not all of the wires on the 791 had been connected due to lack of installation instructions and an inaccurate video . I would not recommend this product unless you are very determined and have alot of automotive savy .
 Installed unit over Thanksgiving . Not very straight forward , but definitely DIY . Took me about 3 hours to install , with the correct T-harness . After the install , I can see how it could have been quicker if I was a professional installer.Does it start our car ? Yes is does . While parked in our garage , we can press the start button and the car starts as expected . Sometimes it may take two or three tries , but it does start . I have it installed in tachless mode . It may start more reliably if I had the unit connected to the tach . But for now it is OK.Now for my may concern/complaint . The advertised `` up to 400ft '' range is actually closer to 90-100ft in our vehicle . I have read the vendors FAQ page and I have installed the antenna as straight/vertical/away from other wires as possible . I have actually tried three different antenna locations . None has produced any noticable increase in range . I have sent the vendor an email to help diagnose the problem.Until then this is a two star product . If I can get an increase in range it , I would consider this a 3 1/2 star . Difficult install subtracts 1 star . Another 1/2 star subtracted for poor initial antenna range.If I ca n't increase the range then this is a 1 star and I will find another brand/model .
 Put many of these `` Bulldog Security '' , brand remote starters in our vehicles for many years . Mainly because the had a `` Lifetime '' warranty . That was then , This is now - With a unit I have in my car , that is 4 years old , it finally went bad . Still have the original box , that states , `` guaranteed forever '' . BS ! Cause when I called customer service , I am told , that the company was sold and all they can do is offer me an upgrade for $ 40 . plus whatever it costs for me to ship it to them . Years ago , with original owners of the company , They would have you return the defective unit and would send you a new one for free . Can buy brand new , unopened -LRB- never installed -RRB- sets , on craigs-list for $ 20 . to $ 50 . lately . Now I see why they are going so cheap . So much for , `` guaranteed forever '' . Those days are gone with the old company . Their products are priced much higher now , yet no warranty . As far as how easy or hard they are to install , pretty much the same as any brand . if you want to buy a remote starter , look on your local craigs-list and save a ton . Most people sell them -LRB- no matter what brand -RRB-
 I had a mechanic try to install it who has done these before , he could n't get it to work , and tech support was no help to him . Wasted $ 50 and a lot of spare time . Go have a shop install one for $ 129
 I used it with the iterface recomended but never gotit to crank my Jeep compass . I really wanted it to work for m daughter but no luck .
 I was interested in a remote start so that I could warm my car up in the wintertime . I have a 2006 Honda CR-V . My husband tried to install this , then he realized that with my car , you need to purchase an additional part -LRB- I think it 's the T-harness -RRB- in order to get around the key security system . Once that got in , he tried to install but said it was n't simple enough for him to do it on his own -LRB- he 's not entirely car saavy , but he can do general things like change oil , etc -RRB- . So we took it to a vendor to have the remote installed . They had to take one of my two keys to put into the engine - so now I have to go and buy another key from the dealership -LRB- I was told they run over $ 100 each for the ones with chips in them -RRB- . Once we got it installed , it has already set us back the cost of the initial kit , the T-Harness , the install and another spare key . The remote works fine ... when it 's WARM . Once the temperature drops below 40 degrees , it no longer worked . The crank was too short for my car and it would n't start . This defeats the whole point of getting a remote start to warm my car in the wintertime . Perhaps it would be useful to cool my car in the summertime?Soooo , my husband took it back to the car vendor to see if they could adjust it . Well , apparently this kit does n't allow you to adjust the crank . So now , if I want a remote start that will work for me , we have to buy a more expensive kit . * SIGH * . My husband said that perhaps it might work on his Toyota 4-Runner as he does n't need much crank to start his car , but he does n't want to have to pay for another T-Harness to install it in his car and then to have to pay to get it installed . Not worth it for him - and no guarantees that it would work in the winter!It 's hard to tell whether the range works well as if I 'm in the office and try to remote start , it does n't start my car anyways -LRB- since it 's so cold -RRB- , so I have no idea if it 's working.The annoying part is just how much work & money that has gone into installing this darn thing and it not even serve the function that I wanted it to . Based on other reviews I 've seen on this brand , perhaps we 'll look into another brand for my next install ...
 If I could , I would rate this a -5 stars . They should owe ME stars ! I received the remote starter , and the DVD would n't even play . It froze a couple minutes in , and never would go past a certain point . That should have been a warning right there . Asked a friend -LRB- who works at an automotive shop -RRB- to assist me with installing and he even said that the instructions were wrong on how it should have been installed . Also , most cars require a `` T-Harness '' but this company does n't mention that . They say that everything you need `` should be '' right in the package . Nice way to get around false advertising ! We took it to a professional to install and starting laughing right away . He said that it was the 3rd one he 'd seen this month -LRB- December -RRB- alone , and they 're a pain to install and so cheap . For the same price , I got a different remote starter -LRB- installation was included -RRB- put into the car and it has more features . I should have done this to begin with . Now , I am out money , time and get ragged on constantly because I purchased this piece of junk in the first place .
 I bought 4 of these remote starters last year at Wal Mart for 60 dollars and no shipping fees and they came with everything that was needed , after I received this setup from amazon I found out that I had to order a separate module called a 791 bypass and they cost me another 25 dollars so this ended up costing more money to buy from amazon and another waiting period for the bypass so my advice is go to Wal Mart and buy one
 I have had this unit intsalled in my vehicle for 4 years now . I am a mechanic and bought the extra install kit for my pickup to help with installation and ti worked but the range was about 10 feet max . Now it has started to keep my starter engaged and has ruined 2 starters and a battery in my pickup and I can not get a real person to answer the help line to give any information or warrenty info !!!! They are junk units , spend the extra cash and get a real unit that has a customer service on this planet .
 Even installers I took it to did n't recommend it . You can not it install it yourself , unless you are a mechanic . The cheapest one to install it was $ 200.00 . i returned it , they sent a tape , the ad stated DVD . They claimed Amazon misrepresented their product , they only returned $ 10.00 of the $ 70.00 I paid . Owner , manager never returned my calls . They claim I did n't return one of the parts -LRB- lie -RRB- and totally refused to stand by their product . i finally gave up accepted my loss . Call Amazon first , to see if they will stand by this , the seller will not . They were rude , and could care less . This was a Christmas gift for my husband and I was totally disappointed and disgusted . ONE STAR A JOKE , THEY DID N'T HAVE NO STARS !!!
 I 've tried 2 different remote starters by Bulldog Security . To me they were easy to install with the `` T '' harness . But they just do n't work worth a darn . One of mine had a stated range of over 1,000 feet . It would not work more than 10 feet fom the car . It would not start the car in the driveway while I was standing at the back door of my house or while standing at a window about 30 feet from the car . And it was supposed to have a range of 1,000 feet ? Yeah right ! And like almost everyone says , it 's like going through hell and high water to ever get a live person on the phone . And then they act like they do n't give a rat 's a _ _ . They are definitely not customer oriented . Very inferior product and company . I will never think about purchasing one of their products again . STAY AWAY from these people and their products ! I gave it only one star because I had to give it a rating to post . It actually does not deserve even one star .
 So I brought this item for my husband fpr Christmas . He really wanted a remote starter so I thought I 'd save a few bucks and buy one online . I received it and started calling around to find prices for installation since my husband doesnt know much about cars . Come to find out no place will install it once I told then it was a Bulldog . They said it will destroy my electrical system and it is a very bad ides . So I wasted my money and had to get my husband something different way after Christmas . DO NOT BUY IF YOU VALUE YOUR CAR AND CAN DO IT YOUSELF ... -LRB- which I told takes hours even if you know what you are doing -RRB- .
 This is my wife 's logon name . The bulldog remote start system came with a 2001 ford ranger that I bought but the previous owner had to replace the battery in the truck . That should have given my a clue . The remote had lost it 's program so i went to the website for some troubleshooting . I followed the steps to the T and got remote reprogrammed . It worked like a charm . A few hours later i used the remote and the truck started just perfectly . Three or four minutes later I went to get inside and head to McDonalds but the truck had already shut off . I thought that was odd because i have heard of other starters letting the vehicle run for at least 15 minutes . Oh well though I figured I 'd just start it with my key and head out . With a turn of the key ... nothing , just a click . So i pulled my wife 's HUMMER up beside my ranger and tried to jump it off . Nothing but clicks . So i hooked up my battery charger and jumped in my van and went for dinner . Got back home and check the guage on my charger and the battery was fully charged so i tried to start the truck and nothing but clicks . Either the starter is fried or the silinoid is fried . I check all the wires and hook-ups and everything is hooked up correctly . I 'm not even going to attempt to contact the company unless they want to come help me unhook it and drop it in the trash can where it belongs . The next time I get a remote starter it wo n't cost $ 50 or $ 60 . I 'll pay for the best to stay away from the headaches of CRAP merchandise like this one . Thanks a lot Bulldog now i have to take my starter off tomorrow , buy another one , and then put it back on . You could repay me the money for the cost but you could never repay me for the time that i will have to waste tomorrow fixing your mistakes.Joe
 I was given this product as a gift , and after looking into reviews I was n't overly excited to get started working on it . I realized I needed a security bypass , which was not currently available online . I tried to call them , no one answered . I proceeded to call 4-5 times a day . I then tried to call other departments , sales , tech support , customer service , even accounting , accounts payable , receivable . Not one human ever answered the phone , or called me back.It then became a sport , I was determined to get a human on the phone . Embarrassingly I probably called a total of 35 times . 3 days later , I realized I probably could spend my time better by just writing bad reviews online . So do yourself a favor , do n't buy this product , and support a sham company .
 this item need a bypass unless if you drive a 12 year old car , the do it yourself is hard on smarter cars like an minivan , and you will not find an installer who would want to do it without charging you a couple of hundred $ $ , so do the math
 Had an appointment to have a SR-82 Bulldog Remote Starter installed with all the other Parts `` T '' - Harness and Data Transponder Override Interface -RRB- took all the things that I was told it had to have to work on a 2006 Toyota Highlander . Well ,2 hours later and a phone call from the installer and $ 100.00 Bucks for his time.I drove home with out a Remote Starter installed . The installer told me that he willnot even fool with a Bulldog remote starter any more because all of them have problems and are not any good , not worth his time to even try . When ordering theseBulldog remote starter you tell them what kind of car you have and model , year andit still is not the right parts or they will not even work , defective . How do youstay in business if you sell junk ???
 the producto does not say that it can not be installed if the key has chipi had to give it awayi was so exited , now I can not used . 1 out of 5 stars
 First , if you are not an expert at vehicle wiring , electronics , etc then do n't even consider any Bulldog Security product . Their tech support -LRB- phone or email -RRB- is as bad as it gets . It 's like they read one email and put the answer in the next email recieved . I managed to install an RS1300E in a Chevy Truck but only because I had bought the T-Harness adaptor , I had the complete set of factory service manuals for this truck , digital voltmeter to test circuits and expert knowledge on vehicle wiring . The remote starter works well and has excellent range , but some of the other functions do not work as stated or described . Emails and calls to Bulldog result in answers that either do not make sense or seem to answer a different question . Their products however do seem to be good quality but they are just not installable by the average do-it-yourselfer .
 i had instaled the system in november 2006 and by july 2007 it was completely useless it would not respond to the remotes and i could not even reset the system i had to uninstall the whole thing and now my vehicle factory anti-theft system will not shut off and can not start my car it will cost me about $ 150 for diagnosis to see what the problem is .
 I bought this to put on my 2000 chevy xtreme and it works an all but 1 thing is that the remote dont have A sequence for starting the truck so if the remote is in your pocket and you happen to bend over or sit down it will start the truck and the other bad thing is you have to be within 20feet before the remote starter will work if I had it to do over I would go to A place were they put them on and have it installed : -RRB-
 I have read several reviews from many websites . Tech support is almost nonexistent at best . With all the hassles described for installation combined with negative feedback from local auto parts stores , I believe it would better to shop for another brand of product .
 Not what I thought it would be . Made to dash look really sloppy . First thing I have returned .
 The pump is not a stock AC Delco Fuel Pump , but an after market pump , and was completely different from the image . I would not buy this again .
 I had to extract the GM pot metal heater hose coupler after breaking it off when replacing the factory leaker with a steel one from Dorman . This tool just made the hole bigger until it was the size of the remover . The deteriorated pot metal coupler crumbled like a cookie . I had to drill out 11/16 '' and then 1/2 '' NPT tap the intake to clear the threads of the old material . Do n't waste your time trying to remove all the material from the intake threads as you chance damaging them , let the tap do the work and save yourself hours of frustration !
 So I am looking for this very part come across this item and consider it because my doorman replacement has gone out within a year ... it works just locks up when the window is left down and the car is turned off weird . I called the company during there normal business hours 8-5 pm EST ; 4:10 pm EST was when I called to see if I can get some warranty information from them -LRB- product search did n't bring up the WL43059 from their website -RRB- I got a voice mail that is expected and understandable after there claimed business hours but during business hours that is just unacceptable so poor information would give this product a 1 star .
 I bought it because I thought it 's helpful but in practice , it 's so so
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 subject says all ; probably quite good on poured lead terminals but wo n't even scratch brass . Wish I could find one with four heavy steel blades like my friend has , but it 's old and probably not made anymore .
 I love this tool . I use to have one in each tool box and it solves most battery problems with poor fitting or dirty connections.I recently loss a couple due to a fire that took out my garage so I ordered replacements.The tool I received is like this one http://www.amazon.com/TEKTON-5785-battery-Terminal-Cleaner/dp/B000NPPB4W/ref=sr_1_24?s=automotive&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1336742939&sr;=1-24 which is half the price.Not the KD tool I was expecting . Although it did come in KD packaging and may be a fine tool , why pay twice as much for a tool I can have at half the price?Very disapointed ...
 While the quality of the product appears great , the item came up when doing a search for 3 '' muffler clamps . It is actually a 2 1/4 '' band style muffler clamp .
 Do n't waste your money on this . It looks good but it just does n't work!The leg with the screw jack takes the whole load and the other two legs just hang in mid air . I tried everything , it 's just a very poor design .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 A waste of money . The mat was a poor fit -LRB- e.g. , holes did not line up with the vents -RRB- . And the fabric retained a bumpy look ; it would not lay flat even after I tried to steam it and leave it out in the open to flatten . In desperation , I tried to iron it , which was a mistake because the patch I ironed ended up with a melted look . I wasted so much time working with the fabric , thinking it would `` relax '' if I just left it alone . After a year , I gave up and dumped the thing .
 Fit was okay for my 2009 Civic , but material -LRB- carpet -RRB- was very flimsy , so much so that you could easily see light through it . I returned it for a refund and will look elsewhere for a dashboard cover of higher quality .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I was so excited to purchase two keys for $ 200 , but I guess it 's true when they say you get what you pay for . One of the keys broke 2 days after getting them programmed . The two pieces would n't stay snapped together . I could tell that the quality was much less than the original Jeep key but hoped for the best . Needless to say I was disappointed . Keyless in Florida :0 -LRB-
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Ordered two for the rear of my Avalon . The part numbers were identical because they work on either side . While reading the instructions I noted that the grease jerks pointed up/down on one which was incorrect . I would have to take the wheel off to grease the top one . Went ahead and installed the one which was correct and had the grease jerks facing rearward . Seems okay . Will update after Amazon sends a replacement . If I get the wrong one again I 'll cancel and order from elsewhere.Bottom line check the direction of the grease jerks and make sure they agree with the instructions.....................Follow-up I downgraded review to 1 since the replacement part has the same incorrectly placed grease fittings which require one to remove the tire to reach the top fitting . I do have one part which was correct and works fine on the right side with grease fitting facing rearward where the fittings can be greased without removing the tire.Called MOOG customer support directly and they do n't support people who order thru Amazon and say order from Advance Auto . The box looked valid to me but MOOG support said Amazon parts could be seconds.I 'll try Rockauto and return the Amazon one .
 grease fitting hole was stripped for new fitting and did not fit correct was the only problem with this link
 First I have to say that I have not yet installed these , but I checked them out , and the plastic boot looks like it may last all of 3 months on my truck if I am lucky . Changing strut boots is not something I want to do that often , a better quality part is worth the extra expense I think . The box I received appeared to have been opened so I am guessing that the previous buyer did not like the boots either and sent them back . I am looking for some rubber boots before I decide on sending these back . Additionally the instructions are generic and the kit includes a sleeve which was not shown on them . I will figure it out , but it just seems shoddy to send parts in a kit with instructions that do not mention them.The only positives are that the kit included the nuts and torque specs for them.Update 6/11/2012
 ordered it for my 1994 jeep very disappointed too small would not recommend this product for a jeep poor product
 this package doesnt include armrest , when i recieved this shipment , i compained amazon about missing part and they send me replace shipmentbut in replacement shipment as well this piece is missing , i called amazon and they are not sure if it is part of this packageBad part - armrest is missing so uselessGood part - It is from amazon so no issue in refund/return -LRB- best part of amazon -RRB-
 These look to be sturdy mats like you can buy at any retailer . They are similar to any one-size-fits-all product on the market today . The description says `` trim to fit '' , which would describe any material that can be cut . You can trim them , because they can be cut -- as if that is n't already obvious . The only thing special about these mats is that they come with copious instructions and safety notes that implore you to use the provided clips -- no clips are provided though . So if you follow such advice then these mats as sold are totally unusable -- or at the very least are unsafe to use in any motor vehicle.Amazon says they fit my vehicle -- it did n't say they would fit after I trimmed them . I 'll count that one as my mistake . Untrimmed , they do fit better than the mats they replace , and so far they seem to slide around less . So this is not a total loss . I did however buy these in part to get mats that did n't slide at all , and expected a better fit to aid in that effort . I did however expect some mechanism to hold them in place besides the normally somewhat useless nubs that populate the bottom of nearly every mat sold . In other words , I could have gone anywhere and bought nearly any mat and it would have been an improvement . I 'll keep these until I find a half-way decent product that does what it purports to do .
 Bought a pair of these for one of my cars.I was trying to cheap out by getting these refills . Big mistake.Hard to install . Too loose . Falls out from the wiper frame/holder . I ended up buying the whole wiper blade assembly from Costco .
 I love the color and this one works well , but not as great as the plain old sticky pads . If I could have gotten them in color , I would have .
 This item is made of tough rubber and can not be fitted over the steering wheel until `` very warm '' , currently impossible as it is the middle of winter . I also did n't like that Mickey appears upside down on one of the sides . This may end up in the donation bin .
 # 45-240 measures 5/16 '' -LRB- 8mm -RRB- wide . A ` narrow ' refill is 1/4 '' -LRB- 6mm -RRB- wide . # 45-240 wo n't fit a narrow claw holder which is the width I need .
 This is not the right image . Google IPA7892 to see what you will actually receive when you order this item .
 I placed an order on Nov. 16th for this item and here it is Dec. 29th and they have yet to ship the item . At the time I placed the order the estimate was that it would ship in 1-2 weeks and arrive between Dec. 2nd and Dec. 8th . The fools even charged my credit card over a month ago . I finally gave up and cancelled my order -LRB- though it took me TWO attempts to get this done as they completely ignored my first email -RRB- . Heck of a way to run a business .
 While the item was very cute , I was rather disappointed because I was lead to believe that I would be receiving two seat covers as opposed to one . Therefore , I had to purchase another . The seat covers are supposed to be universal but they do not quite fit the seats of a van .
 . . My seat nevee arrived I understand about thwe wrong address but they should be able to get in touch woth the truck
 I originally wanted the Weathertech fitted hard type mats but they were n't available for my vehicle . This type was and considering companie 's quality reputation I figured they 'd be good . They are n't any better than what is available at your local discount auto store . When I contacted the vendor I bought them from and said I was dissatisfied , they said I could return them at my expense and then be charged a restocking fee . Considering the hassle and expense of returning them , I just decided to keep them . Very poor value . Save your money and buy generic mats . Felt like I wasted my money .
 Perhaps mine was defective , which is in itself a problem , but I thought the point of a compression gauge was to HOLD the highest reading as the strokes occur , and then you can release it when done . Well mine never held , they flipped back to zero after every stroke , and this made it really hard to read . I fiddled with everything that came with it , read the instructions completely , and no luck . very disappointed .
 Works as advertised , repeatable measurements , and comes well equipped.No complaints . ----------------------------- The above was my initial review . I used the tool for the second time yesterday , and it got stuck in the spark plug hole ; the hose would simply spin on the threaded bit - I had to get creative to extract it , but I finally got it out . The knurled surface on the bit does not have enough grip on the rubber hose , and it spins when you try to un-screw it from the spark plug hole . I even tried crimping it harder to no avail.Serves me right for buying cheap tools .
 if you 're looking for a cheap comp tester at least get one that has brass fittings and the nickle plated one will gall on you and strip your head .
 Another reviewer wrote about how bad the adapters are ... I want to expand on this.Spark plugs are typically easy to install . These adapters are NOT . First off , a spark plug has an electrode to help guide it into the spark plug hole . The adapters have nothing but threads . This means that you must mate the threads square , most of the time without being able to see or feel what you are doing . Be careful - if by some miracle you happen to get the threads engaged , make sure you do n't cross thread!The second thing about a spark plug is its length . This little bit of length allows you to install the plug by hand . The adapters were simply too short to allow you to be able to thread them by hand ... at least in my application . This brings me to another point - the adapters are NOT the same size as a spark plug ! WHY ? I already have the spark plug socket out , could n't you make the adapters the same standard sizes ??? The last thing woefully wrong about this product - the hose . If , by some miracle , you were able to thread the adapter in , now you must ALSO thread the hose to the adapter ! The thick rubber hose is extremely rigid and next to impossible to turn . This problem would have easily been solved by using braided stainless line of a smaller diameter.I 'm pretty sure I could have pulled the engine , done rings , bearings , seals and gaskets in about the same amount of time that it would have taken to do all six cylinders ... but I 'm not sure as I stopped after wasting an hour and only testing one cylinder !
 Decent tool . As more vehicles use overhead cams , the adapters that thread into the spark plug hole must extend outward far enough to grasp . This tool 's adapters are short and WHEN -LRB- not IF -RRB- the adapter gets stuck in the head , removal becomes very difficult and time consuming .
 The hose is poorly crimped and pulled apart inside my spark plug hole . It took me a long time to get it out , especially since i have a boxer engine . Im not the only person this has happened to either . If you are unable to get the fitting out once it breaks , you might end up having to pull off your head or drill it out . I consider myself lucky . The product also feels cheap , and im not sure that the readings are accurate . I took this back and bought the Craftsman set for 65 bucks . MUCH BETTER THAN THE ACTRON , and well worth the extra 25 dollars .
 I am quite dissatisfied with the quality of product . The Compression Tester being used for the fourth time in a deep spark plug cavity , would not thread out . The hose crimp at threaded end would not hold and had to pull hose off of threaded insert of Tester . I was able to remove other end with long nose needle nose pliers . I was fortunate to be able to get insert out and made for a tense moment . Now can I find a small clamp to reattach hose and allow access to deep plug cavities .
 EDIT
 Thought tester read a little low , so I compared it to a few friends compression testers . This one consistently reads 20lbs . lower
 I bought one , it arrived non-functional . Returned with no hassle , replacement shipped very quick . New one arrived , worked when I first needed it . Went to adjust timing a month or so later and light no longer works . Choose another light .
 I bought this light , looking for an inexpensive timing light . Never took it out of the package for 3 months , finally used it once and the next time its broke . So I ca n't return it but do n't waste your money .
 I LOVE Taz , but this seat cover ripped very easy , it also ran like a run in a stocking , I wanted to return them but I chose not to because of how much I love taz , and its so hard to find him , its a cop out but that 's why I kept them . .
 I love the Taz cartoon character . So when I ordered this product for my Honda Civic LX , imagine my surprise when it did n't fit . The material was not sturdy at all . I thought if the material was sturdy enough that I could ` make it fit ' . Well , whatever !
 Thee seat covers are fine as far as quality goes , but good luck getting a matching set . They often arrive with Taz in various shades of brown , and some times Taz is almost orange . Since they are sold individually , it is very annoying to receive seat covers with one orange and one brown Taz -LRB- and I have ordered quite a few of these -RRB-
 This review is not from a Novice . I have used many scan tools both handheld and PC based , and currently own Auto X-Ray and LS1M and Elmscan and Bowser Electronics and more . This tool was very limited in what I was able to do with my vehicle . Although some of the documentation listed `` Knock Retard '' as a viewable option , I was completely unable to get this tool to show me that parameter . WORSE YET , THE COMPANY WHO MAKES THIS PRODUCT HAS ABSOLUTELY NO MEANS FOR YOU TO CONTACT THEM . They have a support hot line that answers and gives a menu , but any option you try gives busy signals . I literally tried dozens of times over the course of a full week and was unable to reach anyone in sales , support , or even an operator . THIS ALONE was reason enough to return the product , but I 'd certainly say either their product was defective or their description was misleading as to how much detail their tool gives . I was completely unable to get this tool to show anything more than very generic OBDII parameters . There are way cheaper tools out there that will do these basic functions . I 've returned mine , and recommand you avoid this one .
 I purchased this based upon the add that it 's for vehicles 1996 and newer . It -LRB- the add -RRB- fails to mention this is probably an older scanner that only has vehicles made to and including 2003 . I have a 2005 Jeep and the engine was n't made until then . There are scanners that can be undated and that 's why I had to return it .
 This unit is too expensive . You can get a similar tool at Wal-Mart -LRB- Equus 3100c -RRB- from ~ $ 80 that has all of the same functions and comes with identical supplies . It is great to own one , just not this one due to cost .
 I purchased this scan tool to use on a 1989 turbocharged and intercooled Chrysler LeBaron . This was one engine that this tool would not communicate with . Chrysler sold quite a few cars with this engine and it was completely left out of the programming . I wo n't buy another Actron product .
 Purchased this scanner 2 months ago and it 's use has been problematic at best . As advertised it 's supposed to be able to interface with EEC , ALDL , ODB-1 , ODB-2 and be CAN upgradeable . In general use it does n't even see EEC , I do n't own a GM vehicle so I ca n't test ALDL , ODB works but is sometimes sketchy and the upgrade to CAN was removed off the market I 'm guessing a minimum of 6 months ago . BTW to top everything off the online update claim is a complete joke , those have been pulled off the web site and from other 's claims utilize an archaic 16-bit application , not to mention a serial cable that is also no longer offered . Due to this experience I have severe doubts in purchasing any Actron products ever again .
 I purchased this unit based on the live test capabilities only to discover that it would not read the codes on my 2006 Honda Civic . It works on my 2005 Accord.The manufacturer confirmed by e-mail that my unit was outdated and suggested the purchase of a retrofit kit `` CP9145UA '' for $ 60 . Subsequent phone communication lead to the identification of a code in the box that marked the CAN compatible units . At that time , Amazon stock consisted entirely of the older units , and the kit was not available from Amazon . I returned the unit .
 Two things come to mind . First , the `` Scangauge II '' does everything this unit does plus much more -LRB- calculates your MPG , etc -RRB- , for less money -LRB- they have a website , check it out -RRB- . Second , if it 's just a check engine light you 're trying to deal with , do n't go to a dealer or mechanic . Auto parts stores -LRB- Checker , Autozone , etc -RRB- have scanners like this and will usually check your car for you for free . No cost , and in less than 5 minutes . Hope these suggestions are useful , rate my review as helpful if you like the ideas .
 Ok ... well ... I finally got my scan tool in the mail and I was all excited to use it . I mainly bought the unit to assist me in diagnosis and LIVE PARAMETER readings , which it did none of . I went through the horrible written manual and it mentions in there `` Field Service '' , which is what Actron calls their LIVE PARAMETER readings . I start reading the instructions to use this feature and all was good . I plug it in , go through the instructions just to find out that the unit itself DOES NOT HAVE THE `` FIELD SERVICE '' option !!!!!!!! ... so that means no live parameter reading at all , which greatly disappoints me . I will be sending this unit back .
 I bought a cp9145 to work on my 95 Caprice -LRB- which is an OBD1 car -RRB- and using it has been a very frustating experience . Including the adapter cord for obd1 cars , I paid about $ 230 -LRB- not from Amazon -RRB- , and so far , the information it has given me has been worth about 37 cents to me . The check engine light was on and the scanner told me `` dtc 26 Output driver module fault CCP circuit '' . I found out , by other means , that the problem was an electically operated valve in the Evaporative Emissions Control system . Actron does not provide any other information for OBD1 cars and did not respond to my e-mail questions . I find the manual poorly organized and difficult to use . Also , the outside of the box it came in says it has a one year warranty , but when I got it home , there was no warranty information inside the box . I have not had any trouble from my OBD2 car , so I can not comment on that function .
 The accompanying photo of this item , showed Three axillary cables . The unit only came with the OBDII interface . and the softwarewould not run with Windows Vista or Seven .
 I purchased this item because I was assuming I could connect the scanner to my PC via USB . According to the user 's manual , there is an optional USB cable , but I ca n't find it anywhere . Actron should update the information they post , so customers do n't get disappointed like me .
 Chose the Actron CP9145 after reading many reviews on other products and the full actron line , so I ordered one . Upon arrival at the shop the first problem I noticed was there was no 9 volt battery included with the kit . After a trip to the store to buy a battery I read all the instructions and started to use it . Turns out mine was defective , along the top 4 rows of the LCD display there was a block of cells where no numbers or letters would display . Blank spot , nothing there at all . This rendered data interpretation impossible . No local repair , no download fix , sorry ! If it had this error , quite obvious on start up and should have been caught prior to leaving the factory , what else was wrong and lurking within ? I returned the unit for a full refund and am now looking for a different manufacturer . Case also seemed light and unpadded so what out for that drop to the shop floor . May work great if you get a good one , but I would look at alternatives too .
 This is the product that Walker lists as a OE replacement for a P30 chassis . Unfortunately it does n't even look like the original . It 's turned 90 degrees and considerably lighter duty then factory . Probably a good car part , but not what the truck chassis used .
 the other reviewer could n't run much power through his splitter , but thought it might be ok for cell phone chargers , etc. I wanted a splitter for my radar detector and my cell phone charger , so I thought great.I ca n't get any power through mine at all . The little light goes on , but the radar detector does n't go and the cell phone charger does n't go.I 'll probably take it apart andd see if I can rewire it . It is n't worth shipping back.I really ca n't recommend buying one of these things from this manufacturer .
 There 's nothing `` universal '' about this product . It 'll split lightweight stuff like cell phones , but do n't trust anything more demanding than that with this splitter . I hooked my laptop up through it and the fuse blew within one second . Sadly , I 'd bought four of these since shipping cost as much as the item itself , and ALL FOUR died when I tried them with my laptop . The back of the package says not to use items that use over a total of 10amps , which seemed reasonable , so I got out my ammeter and figured out that my laptop used 6amps at most , so not only is this busted , but they lie on the package . I managed to open up the splitter and put in some more heavy duty wiring and a stronger fuse , and then it worked for a short time until I started smelling plastic melting -- it turns out even one of the springs inside could n't handle 6amps and heated up enough to disfigure and melt plastic around it . I give this item two stars only because you might want to plug in two cell phones simultaneously . For anything else , beware !
 I ordered 6 adjustable universal cigarette lighter splitters . I got six splitters but the are the hard plastic non adjustable kind , not at all like the ones shown . The shipping cost was almost as much as the splitters so I am not going to pay to send them back . I never got an e-mail about the substituation or response to my calls or e-mail to the company . I will not buy any thing else from them .
 Got to be carefull how I word this , or it wo n't be posted . Has to be cleared first ? It took a very long time for this to arrive , I think because it was sold by A ***** . LLC . Emphasis on the LLCpart . Very disappointing since it was supposed to be in stock .
 Worked for about 1 minute before dying.Plus , it is n't designed to flash without inductive input from the spark plug - like old timing guns . So , you have no way of testing the gun without a spark to trigger it . You 're much better off getting something old from the flea market than this thing .
 Cheap feeling plastic , dont know how it would survive if dropped on a shop concrete floor . Light is bright enough when working properly.Here is the main complaint on this item , the inductive pickup . If you have smaller diameter wires say 6,7 or 8 mm , you will have issues with the inductive pickup not sensing the spark . I have brand new wires -LRB- 7 mm -RRB- , brand new cap and rotor , and brand new spark plugs . Tried sliding it in different spots on the wire , same issue random light flash 's . Borrowed my buddies timing light made by another company , and it worked like a charm . The inductive pickup is large I assume to accomdate large diameter wires , but with standard size wires there is too much space for it to proper pick up the signal . Tried all kinds of varations of wire placement , etc and same result , random flash 's making it not useable.Sending this back , disappointed as the super el cheapo one I had from harbor freight tools worked better then this one .
 I bought this gun and used it four times . The next time I went to use it , it did n't work . I called the manufacturer , and they said sorry , but there is nothing we can do . The gun was just over 1 yr old . No warranty
 PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS SENSOR IS FOR THE REAR SENSOR , NOT THE FRONT AS SHOWN !
 Got this in 2009 , used it twice , worked fine . Third time I tried to use it , the unit powered itself off when connected to the vehicle and the Enter key was pressed . Consistently , in more than one vehicle . Unfortunately took my time sending it in , warranty had lapsed , sent it to SPX service repair center as the manual specified , who prompty refused to fix it , even though I provided them all the out-of-warranty info they wanted . Their explanation was , apparently , at $ 76 per hour labor it just was n't worth it . So now I have a bright orange $ 200 brick . Thanks , Actron .
 I bought one of these and it worked fine but the screen went white after awhile . Of course this was after the warranty was up . I got on the their website to find out how to get it repaired and sent it in for repair . I didnt hear anything for weeks . I called a number of times to get status and they couldnt find it . I was finally told that they dont repair 9150s so there was no need to find it . If these cost $ 50 or so I would consider it a throw-away but not for this price .
 This product is advertised to enclude cables to read codes on , among others , 1989 to 95 Chrysler products . The cable to connect my 91 Eagle Talon is not only not included but the company has none and is not planning to get one . When I bought this 91 Talon -LRB- New -RRB- it was Advertised , sold , serviced by Chrysler and carried a 7 year `` Chrysler Bumper to Bumper Warrenty '' . This is a Chrysler Product . The CP9150 is actually a CP9145 with extra cables and a case . -LRB- Not mentioned in advertising -RRB- . When I inquired about getting a cable -LRB- not included -RRB- for my 91 Talon , I also asked why I could not read the fault codes on my 2000 Cadillac STS and 99 Chevy Conversion Van this is what I understood the Actron technicion to say
 I purchased this headliner for my 2003 Xterra . When the package arrived I matched the color to the existing headliner and it was perfect . After tearing the SUV apart and preparing the headliner board for the new material I finally opened the package . The headliner material had several stains on it . In one spot there were two black stains about two inches in diameter . There were several slivers of wood everywhere and they were embedded in the material . Additionally , I counted seven black stains about 1/4 inch diameter all over the place . They material was not rolled nicely either . When I unrolled it there were so many creases I could not even count them . There is no way that I could have applied the material to the headliner board in the condition it was received.The head liner material looks like it would work perfect if it was not delivered in such poor condition .
 My model did n't appear to come with the right cables -- the key power cable did n't look anything like the picture in the somewhat cryptic instructions , and as a consequence none of the adapters could be fitted to the solar charger . But then the so-callled chargepak would n't charge anything , even when fully charged with the AC/DC converter , and as a consequence the the radio/light would n't work either . In case of emergency , I suppose you could throw it at someone .
 This item looked like an ideal solution for friends in Uganda where there is very erratic electricity but lots of sunshine . I tried to get it to work before taking it with us on our trip but could never get it to charge . I called the customer service and was told to try several things to `` reset '' it . Nothing worked . I sent it back and got a refund but wasted a lot of time .
 Cheaply Made and not a heavy duty Tilter . When Lifting a small block 302 Ford engine , the Tilter flexed and was very hard to crank . The Tilter did work and I have used it a few times , but I can see it wont last much longer , the gear is nearly stipped and almost useless for Tilting .
 The hitch looks okay but all that came was the hitch ... no hardware , no manual , no hitch cover ... nothing that was advertised in the product description . Also , we were overcharged . We have spent way to much time -LRB- not a toll free phone number -RRB- trying to resolve this mess . They told us to contact the manufacturer to get the missing parts . We did contact the manufacturer but they told us that since they sold the hitches to AutoParts Way , -LRB- and AutoParts Way has our money -RRB- and AutoParts Way sold it to us that we would have to get the parts from AutoParts Way.We are currently trying to work with AutoParts Way to get this resolved . Will report on how that goes as we find out . We are hoping that this is not a scam .
 Under features it says `` Includes removable drawbar , pin and clip , hitch receiver cover and easy to follow instructions '' However , when the one I ordered arrived , in late June , 2010 , just the bar arrived , not even wrapped in plastic as other reviewers said . There was a very deep gouge in the tube , too . I used the call me feature to talk with customer support , and explained the problem of no Included parts . The lady gave me return instructions , and started the process to send another hitch `` kit '' to me . A week later I got another hitch , same situation , not wrapped , no `` Included parts . '' I refused to accept delivery from the shipper this time . Amazon got both hitches back , credited my account for both hitches , and case closed . The lady did say the product description would be updated to reflect the fact that no parts are included , but as of today , July 23 , 2010 the description still says the parts are included . Do n't believe it .
 I saw other reviews stating that this hitch did not come with the draw bar , pin and cover . I thought it was maybe a fluke . Nope . No drawbar , pin or cover . Also this hitch did not include any instructions or mounting bolts . It is also sent sans box with complementary break-in scratches . Come on Amazon , update the description . BTW , it went back .
 I ordered this Hidden Hitch along with the Adapter . However , the hitch has a hole that was punctured inward where the the adapter should fit . This has caused the adapter not to be able to be inserted where the pin lines up . My choice was to send the hitch back or manually saw off about 1/2 '' of the adapter in order to make it work with the hitch . Very unsatisfied with the lack of quality checking before shipping out to customer .
 I bought TWO of these little beauties and will definitely return them . If you want to save money and get the exact same comfort that these pillows provide , go buy a brick or use a sizeable stone , instead . These were so hard and and lumpy , they could sell them as a gag gift .
 It is lumpy and does not mold to your back . Very uncomfortable and does not serve as the support I was looking for in my car .
 I purchased these lights to add some flair to a friends work truck . They looked great when they worked . They were cheaply made , the plastic could not have been thinner . Nothing like the one 's we got from Geno 's Garage . Do n't waste your money , spend the extra $ 15 and get the good ones .
 installed later in the winter after all the coldest weather , so did not need to use the heater until the beginning of the next winter . Had tested upon install and it worked . the next winter nothing-it was securely mounted and maybe 5,000 miles were put on the truck between installing and the next attempt to use it . Oh - and the warranty is only for 90 days . pure JUNK . will not be buying a KAT &#34; s brand anything ; just need to find something to replace it now ...
 I am a ret . mechanic of 30 years and have learned that if you want something to last you should follow the mfg recomendations . This product can not be installed as shipped , -LRB- not talking about added heater hose -RRB- on my 86 GMC 350 . The instructions clearly state to not add more than 12-18 '' of heater hose for lower block install . Easiest install is heater hose to lower rad . hose but they do not include the lower rad . hose coupler `` T '' . The schematic looks like it was drawn by a third grader ! The thing is not motor driven but works on fluid convection and has to be installed in a vertical position only . Had I knowen this I would not have purchased it . They do not point this out on the amazon website . It has been my experience in the past that products such as this , -LRB- slipshod instructions -RRB- probably are not worth installing because they just do not LAST . In short if they are going to economize on the instructions what else have they economized on ?
 Looks like a good , solid unit , but the plastic was n't sealed and the red mounting bracket is gone . I 'm hoping someone there reads this and sends me one quickly . Also , that they let me know promptly that the bracket is enroute . Thanks .
 I purchased the item at Auto Supermarket about 8 months ago . After just at few times used , the meter stopped working . I paid about $ 115 for it . Not happy at all . Manufacturer offers two year warranty , but I have to ship it back to them -LRB- IT IS VERY HEAVY -RRB- and then they replace it with a refurbised one - not a new one . Stinks , after how much I paid for it .
 I have had this unit for approximately 9 months . I had the first occasion to use it last week . I attempted to charge a large automotive battery . I left it on the slow 2 amp charge for 2 days . It did not charge the battery . I took the battery to the dealer and he said that most of the water had been BOILED OFF due to incorrect or defective charging . $ 115.00 down the drain for another brand new battery . The meter is now reading 100 amps and is frozen . I attempted to test it and tried to bring up a VERY slightly low battery that was low due to testing an audio system . The charger got VERY hot and the meter did not move from 100 amps ! I knew it was reading incorrectly because I tested it with an ammeter . I called the company that makes this . They ONLY will send me a USED unit . This after I pay for shipping this heavy piece of junk back to them . One more instance where China gets richer . This is truly sad and disappointing . They have my $ $ $ $ and I 've wasted $ 115 . for a new battery and the $ 80 . for this `` charger '' . NO MORE SCHUMACHER units for me !!
 Went through two of these within one month . Overcharges batteries and then self-destructs . Poorly made ...
 Bought my first one several years ago and got to use it 4 times before it died . Auto Zone kindly allowed me to exchange it . The new one was used the day I got it and went to use it again about 2 months ago and got it out of its box and guess what , that 's right . Not working . Pleased ? I do n't think so . It is the Schumacher model se-2151MA SPORTS POWER . Where 's the power ?
 I read the reviews for this before I bought it for my 08 Nissan Titan extended cab and now think Flowmaster writes the reviews . First I bought this 70 series because all the reviews say it is quiet , WRONG ! There is a constant loud roar and I have a 8 ' bed and it is right in front of the rear wheels far enough so I should n't hear much but itm is still LOUD , all I can say is I 'm glad I do n't have a crew cab with the 5 ' bed !!!! If you going to be on the road for any time you better have the radio on or you will really start hating the roar after about two hours . On a recent trip my grandson complained the whole time the roar was interfering with him hearing the headrest DVD player -LRB- we play it through the raido and turn the fade all the way to the rear -RRB- . As far as increase in gas milage there is none in fact it looks like I am getting about about 2 MPG less all the time . I pull a 27 ' fifth wheel when I go camping and I have a 16 ' enclosed trailer I carry 2 atv 's that I race and the millage dropped when I pull either and the town/highway driving without pulling is down from about 16 MPG to about 14 MPG.DO NOT THINK THAT THE MUFFLER WILL BOLT RIGHT UPTO YOU CAR OR TRUCK ! I looked it up on their website and it showed this was a direct replacement for my stock muffler but it is a universal fit ! Had to take it to a welding shop because the diameters do n't match and I did n't want a bunch of adapters on my exhaust system . There is anywhere from a 1/4 '' to a 1/2 '' diameter difference in the size of the inlet and outlet and what is on the truck . In fact the difference on the outlet was so much I had to pay extra to have a new 3 '' tail pipe put on.The guy at the muffler shop said it would all staighten out , the noise would get quiter after the inside got coated with exhaust and after a few tanks of gas the compter would reset it 's self for the muffler and I would see an increase in the MPG . That was back in March and it is now August and it is still loud and there has been no increase in the MPG . All I can say is I am glad I kept my stock muffler and tail pipe so I can put them back on and enjoy the ride .
 THE FILTER IS GOOD , BUT HEAT SHIELD IS GARBAGE , IT DOES NOT BLOCK OFF THE HEAT FROM THE ENGINE , THERE ARE TOO MANY GAPS IN THE SHIELD , IT IS WORTHLESS , TOTALLY HALF ASS AND RETARDED . I DRIVE A NICE BMW 540 AND I GET THIS CRAP , SO UPSET RIGHT NOW . I SHOULD HAVE CALLED SIGHNATURE MOTORING FOR A CUSTOM HEAT SHIELD , ONE THAT COMPLETELY SEALS OFF THE HOT AIR FROM THE ENGINE , NOT WORTH 250-60 DOLLARS !!!! BUYER BEWARE !!!
 It is the right replacement for my Fridgidaire dispenser light but the first bulb went out after a month so I ordered this -LRB- 2-Pack LED Night Light bulb , Multipurpose 0.36 Watt -LRB- 5W Replacement -RRB- , E12 Candelabra Base , Warm White , Lifetime Guarantee by G7 Power -RRB- and would recomend you skip this incandescent and buy the LED instead for your fridge . Works perfect and I should never have to replace again while using less electricity in the process .
 I searched for a 6 watt , 12 volt bulb . This was one of two choices that came up . I ordered both to be safe . The other one was perfect . This one was a 6 watt 120 volt bulb , exactly what I did n't want . The bulb itself is ok , but your information about it was deficient !
 Do n't put your faith in this device.I 've had two cars stolen with this device locked . The first time my car was stolen I though that MAYBE I did n't secure it tight enough , and it might have been my error , and I still had faith in the device . The second car I had stolen , I know for a fact the device was strapped tight and securely , and there was no way I could have made a mistake . That did n't stop the car thief , in fact , I do n't think it deterred him one bit.Don ' t waste your money on this crap .
 The Club Brake Lock Vehicle Anti-Theft Device #CL 606 broke the 1st time used . The key broke off while locking the unit into place , It was a pain to get it off and I NEVER used the Club Brake again . The broken key is still stuck in the unit .
 Poorly designed , does not work with my Eg civic or Gen 8 Celica . The material is also cheap . Do not recommend this
 For those of you , like me , with one of the more commonly stolen vehicles out on the road ... Because of the angle and position of the dashboard and steering column in my 2000 Civc EX coupe , I could not use this product with my car.Thanks to Amazon for having an easy and simple RMA process . -LRB- I did end up buying an `` Autolock Pro '' for my car , http://www.amazon.com/Unknown-The-UNBREAKABLE-AutoLock-PRO/dp/B0007ZFTHW . The Autolock Pro does fit my car . -RRB-
 I tried this on my 2011 F-150 , also on my 2005 silverado both crew cabs.I pulled as far as possible and it still came loose .
 I have 2 cars
 The other day one of my neighbors lent her car to her sister . It was night , her sister did not see the club , but was able to start the car , but not control it . It plowed into my car , luckily , it could have been worse . I would research this product heavily before using it !
 This thing absolutely does not work . DO NOT BUY THIS !! I bought this for my girlfriend to use on her car an she used it all the time . Her car was stolen just as easily with this placed on properly . DO NOT BUY THIS !! It does not work at all . A real waste of money .
 $ 14 a quart now for ATF ? Amazon has to keep the price at $ 10.49 per bottle . Otherwise there is no point in buying it from amazon . Local auto-racing stores sell it for $ 10.49 . As for performance I did 3 drain and refills on my car , I have not seen any difference in shifting . The fluid gets dark very fast -LRB- after driving a few miles -RRB- , unlike some other ATFs .
 The manufacturer states that this exhaust will fit a Lexus IS300 , but when I had it installed , it was about 3 to 4 inches too long and had to be cut and welded . Also , the angles of the pipe flanges were a bit off to be a direct replacement for the Lexus OEM part . Not the easy replacement I was expecting it to be .
 This regulator works on my 1975 Ford Courier , but it is so noisy . And this noise comes at random times when the engine is running.Since it is mounted on the firewall the vibrations travel through to the interior and it is NOISY >> > Is there a replacement available that does n't make noise ???
 After reading the great reviews , I was a little disappointed with this product . The padding is n't all that thick , and the straps are a little short to go around the seat of my Old Towne . My butt still goes numb after a while in me canoe , but not as fast as without it.I have molded seats , so it does n't work as well probably as it would with flat cane seats .
 After removing the item from the package the plastic back cover plate immediately fell off . Reattaching it I found that there is no way to secure it so that it wo n't fall off . What a piece of crap!Why is everything made so cheaply these days ? Seriously I do n't consider this item cheap and I 'm not sure how well it 's going to hold up under the extreme conditions inside an engine compartment .
 I track my mileage at every fuel up.FYI I drive a 2007 Mazda3 2.4 Liter engine with about 40,000 miles . It 's ranked at 32mpg HWY and 25mpg City.at two tanks before oil change I got about 29 mpg.after oil change , air filter change , I had two tanks fuel up , I got about 30mpg . then I added the Red Line fuel cleaner , plus the Tufoil engine treatment . Here is the result at following fuel ups - 30mpg , 29mpg , 29mpg , 28.5 mpg , 30 mpg.Not much better at all , not as much as a regular oil and filter change.In my opinion , save yourself $ 10 and put that toward a oil change . I rank it so low because it actually advertises better fuel economy . I would not know if it does clean the fuel lines , but I know it certainly did n't help with the MPG.EDIT : my mistake , it 's 2.3 liter engine.in response to the first comment : this is copy and paste from the product pageProduct FeaturesFuel injector cleanerCleans pollution control valveReduces octane requirementsRaises fuel economyProtects the fuel system from rustit clearly advertises `` raises fuel economy `` which it clearly did not do to my car .
 I 've put the whole bottle into the gas tank as the instruction said . The car drives OK at the beginning and the MPG does seem to improve . But later I notice that I have problem to start the car . At the beginning it wo n't start at the first time but will start after several tries . After 3 days the car dies completely . I ca n't no longer start it.The customer service said I 've put more than recommended volume into the gas tank . I do n't know if it is the problem . Be cautious if you want a try .
 Unfortunately , this product did not work for me as advertised . I purchased it after reading many reviews , but in those other reviews , the people were talking about something specific
 If you want to go crazy , just try this redline . Your car will drive you really crazy . Loss in power , clogged fuel filter , bad fuel pump issues , and go on ...
 I added this Red Line to my 2004 Tahoe . After about 35 gallons my engine light came on.The errors were for multiple misfires so I replaced the spark plugs and flushed the plugs . Two weeks later my 7 month old catalytic converter lite up my engine light again with the code for low efficiency.I called the company and was never able to speak with anyone about the issues . Avoid this product and company at all costs . Because it will cost you !
 I ran a number of tests before writing this review , because my results are very different from the reviews typical for this product and I wanted to be sure of what I was seeing.I have a '99 Nissan Altima with the 2.4 L gas engine ; The car is in good repair and performs within specifications . I buy gas at the same place all the time -LRB- Costco Canada -RRB- and the fuel quality is consistent . Based on the reviews written here , I purchased a case of this product to see if I could get better fuel economy , following the logic -LRB- again from the reviews here -RRB- that Costco likely does n't put any additives/detergents in their gas , to keep costs down . Cases were on sale at the time , and I paid much less -LRB- 68 $ -RRB- than the current price -LRB- 107 $ -RRB- . If I put anything near a half bottle in a full tank of regular gas , my car idles rough and runs on -LRB- sometimes called `` dieseling '' -RRB- . The label suggests using a full bottle at a time . I have used fuel injector cleaners before , and never seen anything even remotely like this . It was so unbelievable I ran the tank out completely and repeated the experiment just to be sure . The problem disappears on `` straight '' gas , or if there 's a trivial amount of the additive left -LRB- a 3/4 tank fill up is enough to dilute a tank with a half bottle in it -RRB- . Either way , adding more than 2-3oz per fill up -LRB- I have a 60L tank -RRB- has a very detrimental effect . An alternate `` continuous use '' method suggests using 1 bottle/100 gallons gas , which seems consistent with my findings.Unless the gas in your area is very bad , I 'm not sure this product is worthwhile . Considering what it costs now , if the gas in your area is bad enough , it would probably be cheaper and more effective -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- to change your fuel filter every couple of months.UPDATE -- I 've since purchased a 2007 Mazda 3 and I 've seen the same mediocre results with this product . It 's very possible that gas in my area already has an appropriate amount of the same active ingredient -LRB- s -RRB- , and the same may be true in your area .
 Tried the Bully CR-600 on 2 different receivers and it did not fit into either one . Never had this problem before . Must be a bad piece .
 This step is just fair . Quality is poor . Does not set square in hitch . I would look for a different manufacturer .
 Great hitch and design for the purpose of standing on it and having someone bump into the bumper but not happy with the black part of it fading so quickly . I 've only had it for less than 6 months and the plastic is pretty much all grey color now . So , if you care about the fading part , then it 's not recommended but if your use if for protection and a lot of standing on it , then it 's worth it .
 This is a generic rubber insulator for exhaust systems . If your original hangar looks like it , it may work fine foryou . But the ones on my Chrysler PT Cruiser are a different design and much more flexible . After changing the intermediate pipeand replacing the three insulators , it only took 9 months for two of them to crack clean through , leaving my muffler hanging bya thread . I 'm ordering 3 replacements from Chrysler and would advise you to do the same .
 Dash cover was of pretty good quality but the fit for 95 Bonneville Pontiac was an awful fit . It needed to be at least one and 0ne half inches larger especially along the front edge . Sides were a short fit . Cut outs were fair fit . Sun can blister and crack exposed area . Back to the old towel to cover the dash .
 When I installed this hitch on my 03 Ranger Edge , it did n't fit right . It seemed like it was slightly bent or something . I finally managed to get it installed after messing with it for about 2 hours ; however , it does n't sit correctly -LRB- it 's turned slightly sideways and is n't level -RRB- .
 Installed on 2003 Ford Ranger . It says it does n't fit , but it fit perfectly . It is a little tricky to install . The trick is to remove the spare tire before installing . I was able to to do it by myself .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 When I connected the compression tester to the extension , it leaked at the male/female connection even with a new `` O '' ring and screwed in as tight as I could get it . Checked compression without the extension and it was 20 PSI higher than with the extension . Finally I expoxyed the male end of the tester to the female end of the extension . Now it works fine . I have three testers , so I sacrificed one to be permanently attached to the extension .
 The battery can not be replaced and has limited lifespan < 2years . After 1 month of use . It wouldnt flash anymore . Had to switch it off for two full days and sun-baked it before it would work again.Overpriced .
 I personally think that I spent too much money on it and it 's NOT even worth it . In the item description they made it seem as though it was REALLY BRIGHT ; that is why I bought it . It 's NOT bright enough . Besides it 's too small !!!
 I thought , hey this will be cool and work good , but its not all that great . I still think it looks cool but it does n't work as great as I expected . Amazon offers several fully functional alarm kits so my advice to you is to just buy an alarm that includes a security light and then you know your protected instead of just a goofy overpriced light that is n't reliable .
 nothing . I really liked this item but 4 months later it not longer works . Definitely way overpriced and not long lasting and I live in a place that gets a large amount of sun daily . I am definitely disappointed .
 i got this ignition box and it never worked correct would be nice if it worked right msd is the way to go i wish i knew and dint spend my money on this other products may be good this is not one of mallory 's good ones i had it installed in my 79 camaro and it was nothing but problems
 I went through 3 of these ignition boxes throughout the last year with this last one causing a small electrical fire through the ignition wiring and my nitrous/bottle heater ... All I did was cut the old one out , that worked , checked the new box for the wiring being the same and hooked it up ... upon battery hookup is when the fire started , burned through my 30 amp fuses inline and caused me a major rewire of all systems ... I would go another direction before using this piece of crap .
 I was happy when the windshield frame arrived so quickly , until I unpacked it . The packaging showed no outward damage other than the black plastic wrapper had a couple of small tears in it . The original packaging has been reinforced by Amazon and when I opened the box I found the frame was was dented and bent in several places . I seems to me that the employee who reinforced the box likely wound have seen at least some of the damage.The frame is constructed of much thinner gauge metal than the original equipment frame . Even if it were not damaged I would consider returning it for a refund an looking for a better product .
 This is an unusually bulky console and is simply too big to fit in our Oldsmobile . It would be fine for a full-size pickup truck.Also , the only way to attach it to the transmission hump is to drill into the car body and use sheet metal screws . It does not fit the curvature of the hump , nor does it have weights to stabilize it .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 The only thing this is good for is emitting a pretty light that looks cool at night time . Did not affect the odor , dust or anything else in my car ... its pretty much useless . Do n't waste your money , buy a flashlight instead ... its cheaper
 the product specifications do not state that it requires 24 volts to operate normally ... but it does say this on the package ... I bought for my dad and it will not work in his truck .
 Its just a piece of electronics that send a purple light and not affect on the odor or dust
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I bought this to replace an MSD Digital 6 that had crapped out after 3500 miles on my Cobra replica with a 460 CJ motor . The Mallory was very well priced , about half of what I paid for the MSD box . It feels like it has added another 30 horses . Ca n't wait to see if gas mileage also goes up . Makes me want to get a dyno run again as the MSD was dogging it.Spoke too soon-after 800 miles this box just quit . Had to buy another one over the weekend -LRB- MSD 6AL -RRB- to get my car to a car show today . Amazon refuses to help me out and say I have to work through Mallory to get any restitution . Too bad it could not stand the test of time .
 PRODUCT IS SHOE POLISH WITH DIFFRENT LABLE-PEELS OFF WHEN IN SUN-DIFFICULT TO APPLY-I WOULD NOT BUY IT AGAIN-SAVE YOUR MONEY
 This product wo n't work for the dark gray bumpers and door guards of the Grand Cherokee Laredo WJ -LRB- 99-03 -RRB- . I followed perfectly all the instructions and this ruined my Grand Cherokee 's rear bumper . Works great ONLY on Black trims .
 I took a chance on this product and wasted my money . From hindsight , I think that the very similar , glowing reviews on other sites were probably orchestrated.My '04 Mustang GT convertible black plastic trim has faded over the years but Black Magic brings it back to a satiny sheen that lasts a couple of months before needing another application . I bought this product hoping for the `` permanent '' improvement promised . In fact , despite faithfully following the instructions , the first application looked like a drunk had put liquid shoe polish on my trim . Following the instructions , I later applied a second coat , and later yet a third but the appearance did not improve . My conclusion is that this item does not work on dense plastic trim.Worse yet , this junk blocked the Black Magic from working , so the car looked much worse for having tried this product ! So , I had to buy some solvent at the auto parts store to try and dissolve all the Forever to get rid of it . About 90 % came off but it did stick in streaks where the wind had buffeted the plastic trim edges.This product may work as advertised on rubber surfaces but it was a disaster on the plastic trim on my car . Caveat Emptor !
 the so call lugs camein all bent and for the price you get yunk , material , assy to bend not realiable ,
 Comfort Products Kool Kooshion Ventilated Seat Cushion Black -LSB- ... -RSB- Size is smaller that looks in the pictures ; it does not cover the complete back . The illustration is not in a real scale or the chair where it is supported is smaller than a real chair.The product and the concept are ok , but unfortunately are for kids or small persons .
 I bought one of these in July and after about three weeks of use the fabric started to tear and wire came through . I would not recommend this product .
 I was hoping this was like the old one I had 25 years ago which was comfortable . But it 's not , this thing tortures you !
 Bought two . Both fell apart after about two weeks of use . Total waste of money . Do not buy . Will not buy again .
 seat cushion began to fray at edges after 1 week . walmart product lasted longer @ less than 1/2 the price . very dissapointing !
 Product was great and kept my wet and dirty coveralls off the seat . Then after about three weeks the fabric material separated from the edge seam . It still works but is mostly just bare wire coils showing . I am hard on things but Grandpa had a similar product that had a stiff polypropelene like fabric that lasted years and he worked in a coal mine .
 I have several different version of this type of holder and swear by all of them but this one I do n't like . First of all it will not stay in my cup holder so I would not trust it to keep my tea from spilling all over my car . Second it is very hard to figure out how to adjust it and the instructions are not good .
 This product is absolutely horrible for two reasons . The quality is extremely cheap , making adjustments nearly impossible . The `` key '' and `` tension lifter '' used to adjust the part that fits into your car 's cup holder is made of very thin plastic . It breaks easily , but it is so hard to move you practically have to break it to operate it . The second reason is design . The large , wide semi-circular section covers up anything beside the holder you 're trying to create ! So if you have two existing cup holders in your car , and you 're trying to use this one to improve upon the size of one of them -LRB- the whole point of this thing , right ? -RRB- , then you have to sacrifice the other cup holder to do it . Ridiculous . Glad I did n't spend much - I got less than I paid for if that 's even possible .
 Do n't waste your time or money on this thing . I bought it knowing I was taking a chance on its quality . The &#34; release &#34; tab broke the first time i used it and the holder ends themselves are too short . Do n't waste your time .
 hello , This item immidately broke when I tried to adjust it . It is cheap and I would not recommend it whatsoever !
 I tried to make this work , and have had the `` too small '' cupholder issue in a 2000 mitsubishi mirage , 1995 ford bronco , and now , a 2004 subaru impreza . this WILL work for some vehicles . many reviewers had a lot of trouble adjusting it , and , while i did eventually break the item , i would probably still try one in a different vehicle if i had to do the whole thing over -LRB- the subaru has a tiny cupholder and this , with a drink in it , could have blocked my arm when shifting gears , or the emergency brake -LRB- it was close -RRB- . for the record , i plan to just use smaller travel mugs whenever possible , keep one in the car for big soda/water bottles that do n't fit , and maybe putting a flat cup holder in the center console armrest for a LARGE thermos mug or fast food soda . sounds like a hassle , but you 'll throw out more amazon cupholder doodads that do n't fit than travel mugs . a travel mug that does n't fit in your car is still a cup you can drink out of .
 I have a 2004 Ford Mustang . It has one small cupholder and one large cupholder . I purchased this item to fit down into the large cupholder and hold reg . cups to stop them from tipping over . Now ... The whole thing just tips over because of how it sits in the holder and I , without a doubt get , drink spilt on me now ! Do n't recommend for this type of vehicle . Guess I will have to find something else , maybe at the dealership .
 This product is difficult to adjust , and what few instructions come with it are pretty much worthless . I bought 2 of these to use with oversized cups . By the time I was able to get one of them to adjust , the clip which held it to the size chosen was broken , so it is now worthless . Now knowing how to adjust it , the other one seemed to adjust fine , but the mechanism that holds the cup in place is not strong enough to hold the size cups of that size full of a drink ; within a couple weeks , it was no longer the same size I 'd adjusted it to -LRB- had spread apart about 1/2 inch farther . Although it does continue to hold my oversized cup , it would n't if there was a sudden stop or change of direction and probably is n't worth the amount charged for it . Maybe two of them should be priced at what is charged for each .
 It 's a real shame I broke this piece of crap into a million pieces trying to understand the instructions . Too bad for me . It looked really promising.Just to make myself feel better I went ahead and threw it against the block wall of my garage a few times until it splattered into about 10 pieces . Then I stomped it as hard as I could until I finished it off into a pile of broken miserable warped , cracked pieces of plastic .
 I have tried everything but these will not stay in holder on Kia Sorento . I bought two of them and threw them away .
 Despite warnings from other customers , bought this and tried to get it to work in my car -LRB- Mazda 3 , 2012 -RRB- . It is , as noted by others , difficult to `` operate . '' And believe me , `` operate '' is the right word . Directions of no help . I got it to adjust once , but I could n't duplicate the procedure in the car and ended up breaking a piece of the plastic/puzzle .
 Air venting is actually really great.Problem is sitting on it is torture.The springs leave large deep marks on legs and rear end , very uncomfortable to sit on.No cushion between your body and the springs.I am a long haul driver and though I would try them along with friends and we simply just ca n't use them and it was a total waste of our money .
 This thing came to me in such poor shape , i spent more on fixing this thing than it was worth , i sould have sent it backbut took the time to fix it and with all that said i now have a nice wing but at a cost about 600.00 ...
 THIS PRODUCT IS VERY POORLY MANUFACTURED WITH CHEAP MATERIALS AND DOES NOT HOLD . THE STRAP CAME LOOSE THE FIRST TIME I USED IT AND DID DAMAGE TO MY BOAT MOTOR FROM THE BUCKLE FLAPPING AROUND IN THE WIND ALSO THE STRAP FRAYED IN THE SHORT TIME IT WAS USED . NOT WORTH THE MONEY NOR THE AGGRAVATION ...
 Stick on Plastic strip WILL NOT STICK TO EVEN 3M tape . Wire will always be exposed . Even after pro installation , its visually Cheap After market light . Do Not Buy . . rather get Whole Cover ...
 Please note that the picture of this item its wrong , you are showing a clear lights and the one i was thinking.instead I find a very dark cristals , maybe its my mistake for not seen the word smoke ... the picture confuse me.Send me the clearones PLEASE !!!! i dont have money to bay them again ...
 Purchased to keep Odyssey batteries -LRB- AGM -RRB- topped off due to infrequent use . The marketing materials suggest the charger works well with AGM batterys , however I do n't see that . It would appear the unit is a bit conservative , as it goes in to monitoring mode well before battery is fully charged . An Odyssey battery that has been rested for a while should show 12.8 v or higher volts when at room temperature and fully charged . The charger went into monitoring suggesting full charge , so I removed the charger and found only 12.5 v . If I had rested the battery , it would have been even lower , so I 'm concluding that this charger could be good for only preventing deep discharge , which is not a big worry with AGMs anyway , so for me this charger has very limited value .
 But with that said , I expected this seemingly simple gadget to perform as intended , at least for a while . I used it to charge/tend a 1 yr old 12v battery and it seemed okay
 e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e just reaching the word limit but not useful at all
 I have a motorcycle and a supercar that I drive infrequently and decided to purchase two Battery Tenders to keep the batteries charged to avoid surprises when I want to drive them only to find the battery dead.I did a custom install on both vehicles to semi-permently install the battery-charging interface cable so that it is always available and requires only plugging in the Battery Tender . This task was easy and took only a few minutes for the motorcycle and a bit longer for the supercar -- which is not surprising as everything takes longer in a car that is barely 40 inches tall.The chargers work more or less as advertised , though when I used one to charge my sedan 's battery , it never was able to show fully charged with a steady green light . I do n't know why that is . The battery is new and the Battery Tender worked correctly the first time , but failed the second time.The real disappointment is these units are real electricity drains . They run very hot and never shut off regardless of battery charge status , sucking electricity constantly . I was very surprised as these units are described as ` intelligent ' designs . It would be simply enough to include a circuit that occasionally checks the battery status and then shuts the unit off . I am not so happy that I have these electricity drains on constantly , so I wind up unplugging and replugging them in often , essentially defeating the purpose . I could do the same with my regular battery charger , which charges must faster and costs nothing.I ca n't recommend these chargers because of this power-wasting design . It 's very disappointing the design is so poor and could be easily corrected .
 It 's amazing that this item has got so many 5-star votes . Clearly it 's using really old technology and wasting so much electric power to give out merely 750mA . Mine gets so hot it feels like a small iron set at low output that stays on all the time . I hooked it to my 90 % full battery and 4 days later the LED light still shows red . I returned it for one with switching power , this type of wall-wart is just not good for your electric bill . Save the environment , stay away from it .
 I put the tender on my bike and leave it . When I go back to check on it it does n't seem to be working .
 This never worked . I called the manufacturer and they would n't do anything . I sold it at a yard sale for $ 1 and I feel ikie I took advantage of the guy .
 I bought my first Battery Tender Jr. about 20 years ago -LRB- for an antique car that I drove infrequently -RRB- and it worked fine for over 15 years . I included it with that antique car when I sold it , and as far as I know , it still works.Based on my prior experience , on November 4 , 2010 , I bought another Battery Tender Jr. from Amazon for another infrequently driven car . It is now less than 1 year later , and that Battery Tender Jr. got so hot that the plastic case buckled and separated at the seam . So , planning to return it under warranty , I read their terms . Not only do I have to pay to ship that defective unit back to Deltran -LRB- which I expected -RRB- , they also charge a fee for `` Warranty Evaluation , Shipping & Handling '' ! That is OUTRAGEOUS ! Since I have my receipt , my fee would be only $ 7.95 -LRB- if no receipt , fee is $ 11.95 -RRB- . It would cost me $ 18.90 -LRB- $ 7.95 plus $ 10.95 USPS Flat Rate medium box -RRB- to return it -LRB- or $ 22.90 if I did n't have a receipt - which is more than the $ 21.39 cost of a new one from Amazon delivered ! -RRB- Why bother with a warranty claim ? If that was Deltran 's plan from the outset - to discourage warranty claims - their so-called `` warranty '' is a fraudulent misrepresentation.No doubt that my first , 20-year old Battery Tender Jr. was made in the USA . Not so with the second one - the label says `` Made in China '' . A piece of Junk !
 This charger would be great . It 's compact and has all the features it needs . But mine died after 2 days maintaining a full battery . My store is not unique . Motorcycle forums are full of people who had the same experience , and the warranty is worthless because you have to pay for a nonrefundable `` Warranty Inspection '' , which costs almost as much as the charger , in order to find out if they will honor the warranty . And then you are responsible for shipping.All the forums say the same thing
 The battery is brand new and barely used . I bought a battery tender to keep the battery charged , because of the lack of use . The Battery Tender Jr topped off the charge within 15 to 30 minutes the first 4 times I used the tender . Then the fifth time , the tender charge light stayed red . I phoned Deltran to discuss . The first person interrupted my first sentence to tell me it takes up to 72 hours to charge . I tried to tell her how I do n't use the battery , and about the 4 previous charges taking only minutes , and suddenly # 5 was different , but she kept innterrupting me to lecture me that I had to let her finish talking . No clue how she could provide usable information , since she did n't let me explain what has happened . After she went on lecturing excessively about letting her talk , I finally asked for another technician , who was excellent . I did a couple tests with her on the phone , and , while the indicator light passed the functionality test , it stayed red when connected to the battery . One thing I learned was that , after two hours , the charger should have been hot , and it was only warm to the touch . -- Later
 I bought this one because I lost my first one . I used the Balck and decker model and decided to try this brand . MISTAKE.It worked well at first , but when I decided to use it a few months later to trickle charge my motorcycle battery , it wouldnt charge.I checked the fuse
 Not a durable product and , from other reviewers , it appears that the manufacture/distributor is quite flaky and difficult to work with.Just another `` made in China '' product . Cheaply made . No fuse on the charging unit itself . No voltage protection . As long as it works , and while it does get unusually hot even when it is not charging , you might be okay with the Battery Tender . Just keep it away from anything flamable.Batteries are far more complicated than most people give them credit for . You can buy a new battery and have immediate problems with it . A battery may last for many , many years or may fail within a short period of time.Often , it is difficult to trace an electrical problem back to a bad battery . Accordingly , it would be unfair to criticize the Battery Tender for damaging a battery but , the bigger issue appears to be the durability of the Battery Tender itself .
 Started using these tenders over 10 years ago , back then they worked great . I have a lot of batteries so I am continually adding tenders and the ones I have bought in the last few years have mostly been junk . As others have said the warranty `` is n't '' so you basically are tossing 20 dollars away . I 'm buying another brand now , they cost a little more but have been rock solid for the last couple of years .
 This battery tender worked like it was supposed to for about14 months then diedNot worth the price for such a short time product . Would not recommend this productpresently using a similar product from harbor freight which cost 80 % less and worksgreat
 Had the Battery Junior hooked to my KLR650 for 8 mos storage over the winter in garage . Went to start -- nothing . Checked the battery and to my great dismay , it was totally dry . The Tender had completely baked all the cells dry . It 's NOT supposed to do that . The battery was terminated with ensuing great cost for replacement . Called Battery Tender and they said since the charger is more than a year old , nothing we can do . `` We sorry '' .
 I believe that if a company gives a long warranty on a product , that it should be robust enough to beat the warranty period without failing . Well my Battery Tender Jr has failed at the 3.5 year mark of a 5 year warranty -LRB- does not go to float stage -RRB- . Besides the cost of shipping the unit back to Deltran , the manufacturer , I am seeing website reviews where Deltran is charging a service fee to look at the item , even if it 's still under warranty . This certainly makes shipping the Battery Tender Jr. not worth the return . I will buy another manufacturer 's charger instead of investing in this potentially unreliable product . This product was only used once every couple of months for approximately 12hr-long charging periods . Besides not going to float stage on my 4 yr old classic car battery -LRB- and it is 4 yrs old . . so that can be an issue -RRB- , it would not go to ` float ' stage on my brand new 1-month old Duralast Gold Group 25 truck battery -LRB- just verifying the ` failure ' of the Battery Tender to properly function -RRB- . Case closed .
 This product did n't last more than 2 hours . I have been using Deltran battery chargers for my car and motorcycle for years . Last summer I purchased a replacement unit for my motorcycle . I got 3 defective units in a row , never lasting more than a month . I switched to a competitor brand 7 months ago with no problems since . My girlfriend had the same problem with Deltran chargers on her bike . I thought it was a bad production batch . I purchased this unit for my car . The old unit lasted about 3 years . This unit lasted about 2 hours . I emailed Deltran and received a form letter stating they save cost by producing the unit in China . I returned the unit and went to Autozone , purchased a another brand with no problems .
 I went through 3 Battery Tender Junior products -LRB- bought here on Amazon -RRB- before giving up on them . My second car does n't get driven but once or so a month and replacing the battery is not only expensive but it 's a pain as well -LRB- hard to get to -RRB- . The Battery Tenders just sat and worked away trying to reach full charge but would never get there . None would trip over into maintenance mode -LRB- the battery was about one year old -RRB- . All 3 did the same thing on my truck battery as well -LRB- driven daily and with a 2 year old battery -RRB- . The wall warts all got so hot I was afraid they may become a fire hazard . I kept trying them because they were so highly rated . I figured maybe I just kept getting a dud . I finally ran across the Pulse Tech unit here on Amazon and it works as advertised . Amazon was really good about the exchanges ... as always .
 If you send Deltron your faulty Battery Tender Junior along with about half of what you paid for it they will call and tell you how much it will cost you to have them fix it . I did n't believe it either . I went to their website for more information as the Warranty suggested and could find nothing . I will fix it myself ; with a hammer .
 works intermittenly -LRB- have to move or jiggle to get to work , it 's not the 110 volt connection -RRB- poor product . required word
 This product does not work for any of the batteries I own . I thought it was because my battery was dead , but I had it tested and it was healthy .
 The product was delivered on time . The inverter ordered with the charger came late no fault of the supplier I must add . When the charger was tested on a new 20 amp hour battery it powered up with a red light . The light remained on for about 5 minutes then went off . No lights have come on since . The cost of shipping this product back is more than the cost of the product . I have heard of a friend that had the same problem thought that it was a one off but there is something serious wrong with this product and it should be discontinued .
 The product is useless , it 's unsuitable for empty batteries . I highly recommend to not purchase this product . This is a hidden fact , you wo n't find it in the product description .
 2 months after I got it and went to vacation , this piece of junk failed , went short and destroyed $ 100 battery . You do n't need this `` fancy '' thing with LED lights to tell you what it 's doing -LRB- or not -RRB- . They are trying to invent Ohm law all over again . To keep your battery charged , you need ordinary battery charger . You can buy 12V/1000 mA charger for much less and use it at the same way without flashing lights in different color . Do n't waste your money on fancy junk .
 If you are going to use it outside of USA for a 220v -LRB- 50Hz -RRB- outlet and with a 220v/110v transformer , this charger may be not quite good for you . I have purchased two and they all stop to work completely after only 2 times of use . I think that there is some kind of protection circuit that `` cuts-off '' connection but with no way to know how to get it back.I also purchased another Deltran battery charger : Deltran Battery Tender 12-Volt 800 milliamp Waterproof Battery Chargerand this one is very good and does n't need transformer because its input is 100-240 and only about $ 10 more expensive .
 My husband hates this battery charger , it does n't work as good as the big chargers , he said it was a waste of money
 4/14/2009 10:14 AM.Can ' t give a real good report when I never received the product . The service is not any good , because I did n't get any service nor I did n't get what I ordered either , so I ca n't say anything good about this company.So ~ one thing I do know is you ca n't count on this company that I ordered from when they do n't ship one 's order.But they did n't have any problem taking my money . That they seemed to do quit easily with no problem at all.I hope I do n't have to order anything from them ever in the future.Signed by I 'm Pooped ~ ~ DR of Las Vegas , NV .
 sent item back wrong item sent , it is 1 month later and still no charger
 The batterie I purchased the charger for , is very low , but the chargerwo n't turn on to charge the batterie.The light on the charger is blinking red .
 I bought 6 of these , and hooked to various SLA batteries . Bright move , I thought , as I was getting tired of replacing SLA batteries.So far : Three of the batteries have gone completely dead while connected to this `` tender '' , and one of them boiled all the water out.Waste of money .
 As a charge maintainer , it is great . But if you need something to recharge a dead battery , be prepared to wait a long time before you get a full charge . Mine took two days to recharge even after I borrowed a larger battery charger to get a partial charge for my Ford F150 which has a large , heavy duty battery .
 I had one of these and paid way to much for it . I bought it to top off three 12v scooter batteries before daisy chaining them for a 36v scooter . Got it out recently to do the same with 4 small scooter batteries and it burnt out before I could them done . I 'm buying a real SC-300A charger/maintainer for about what I paid for this thing . This is a miniscule 0.75 AMP compared to 3.0 AMP for the SC-300A . Both come with the same 3 connectors .
 Bought this charger to charge a security system 12 volt rechargeable battery . I charged it for 12 hours and it did not charge the battery . I tried another 12 v battery and got the same results . I sent it back for a refund .
 After one year on the battery tender , both the battery and the battery tender were ruined . The batter tender clips corroded through , and the battery was ruined due to being over-charged .
 I do n't recommend this product at all I used it only twice to charge my 12v battery and it got damaged
 This product is the worst on the market . It will fail when you least expect it and within a month of purchase . Buy a Yuasa .
 Bought this item back in 2010 and it worked fine until a couple of week ago . The green light just flashes quickly and does n't charge . To send the charger back to Deltran and paying for the warranty cost just as much as a new one . I would suggest getting the Battery Tender plus or other maintainers .
 I bought one of these and while it seemed to work fine for several months , it did n't last a year before it died . Not sure what happened but it would n't charge . I have had good luck with the Yuasa brand chargers and prefer them now exclusively .
 Ordered this product and received it quickly . Unfortunately it did not work correctly . After speaking with the company and trying their suggestions to fix it they finally agreed to allow me to return it for a replacement . They did n't want to pay the return shipping but finally agreed to that as well . I do n't like it when I am forced to negotiate to get what should be normal in a defective product situation . After receiving the new charger it worked or at least seemed to work okay . After a couple weeks I checked on it and it was doing the exact same thing as the original charger . It made me wonder if they sent the same one back to me . I must confess I was tired of dealing with it so I just chocked it up to a loss . I did not want to get into another negotiation with return shipping and trouble shooting . I guess they won the round but lost a customer . I will not buy from them again .
 Sorry but ordering this was a waste of time and return shipping . Muffler looked well made but selling truck it was going on and wanted more OEM . Almost foot shorter than original and I did not want to goof around with making filler pipe then when people looking at truck for purchase that would be the first thing a hear when they try to chew you down . Should be closer in size and something said about some though not difficult modifications needed . I looked at description and I guess I should have read more the dimension are given but should be more up front about being Universal
 I 've got the tri-bag tail bag , the sport tail bag , and the saddlebags , plus I sold my smaller tank bag to get the 14L tank bag . Besides the tank bags -LRB- which have n't seen heavy use -RRB- , these are n't very durable . They do n't take being stuffed full well and all mine have rips or tears . I 've only used mine for light commuter use and the occasional trip to the grocery store and all are shot after about 2 seasons of use . If you look inside even a new bag , you 'll see fraying of the fabric . This will keep happening unfortunately . Seams around zippers have ripped as well.On a positive note , the overall design is great with pockets and zipped compartments everywhere as well as ingenious way the tri-bag and sport bags all are compatible with each other . Feature-wise , they 're great . It 's the durability that 's the killer . Unfortunately , unless you 're getting these for very light use , I would n't waste money on them . I like them so much that I was thinking about replacing my old set with new ones , but when I start doing longer road trips I ca n't risk bags falling apart far from home .
 I searched Amazon for a MAP sensor for my 1999 MX-5 Miata and this is what came up . This is a TPS sensor , NOT a MAP -LRB- or Boost -RRB- sensor .
 After changing all 5 engine mounts on my Civic I 'm getting more vibrations than with the old , cracked , 14-year old OEM mounts . Seems like the Rear Left Upper is the worst one . Also some of the bolt holes are drilled in the wrong places -LRB- around 1/8 inch off -RRB- . Just cheap Asian made parts . The price was good but I 'll have to replace them again with the good staff . I will never purchase the Anchor brand again .
 Very disappointed , I bought this because the advertisement claims it is 300 wipes . It is actually 75 wipes , 25 of each , so I grossly overpaid . I could have gotten this same deal for $ 10.00 locally .
 The sticker is 36 inches , and the box I received it in was 36 inches . I was excited because this meant they did n't roll or crease the sticker . WRONG . They folded it half way up the sticker , leaving a nice crease in the vinyl letters.Order at your own risk - I 'm returning it and not taking a chance on a replacement .
 This sticker came in a huge box with some sort of company book in it , which I assume caused the sticker to get smashed and completely wrinkled . The decal was already peeled off part way , otherwise if it were straight and not packaged with a book , im sure it would be fine .
 I ca n't imagine being more disappointed . Considering it 's price I had low expectations to start with but the reality of this product was much worse . The hooks on the corners are a cheap plastic that will not last long , the same as the netting material . I would advise avoiding this product .
 This hitch cover is advertised as fitting both 2 inch and 1.25 inch receiver hitches . It only fits the larger one .
 Looks like a well made valve but it 's not . In the off position the valve allows fuel to continue to drip . Additionally , fuel leaks through the seal at the shaft of the knob .
 I bought this valve needing it for a spare fuel tank on my motorcycle , it looks to be quality made , but after I got it mounted and the tank filled with fuel it leaked through the seal at the switch shaft , not just a drip but a good flow .
 Looks like a well made valve but it 's not . In the off position the valve allows fuel to continue to drip . Additionally , fuel leaks through the seal at the shaft of the knob .
 I bought this valve needing it for a spare fuel tank on my motorcycle , it looks to be quality made , but after I got it mounted and the tank filled with fuel it leaked through the seal at the switch shaft , not just a drip but a good flow .
 Looks like a well made valve but it 's not . In the off position the valve allows fuel to continue to drip . Additionally , fuel leaks through the seal at the shaft of the knob .
 I bought this valve needing it for a spare fuel tank on my motorcycle , it looks to be quality made , but after I got it mounted and the tank filled with fuel it leaked through the seal at the switch shaft , not just a drip but a good flow .
 You get what you pay for . I bought this cheap helmet to protect my cheap brain and I 'm not disappointed - it 's exactly that , cheap . Fit and finish is rough , the chin bar forces my mouth half open , the visor leaks air like a sieve . The breath deflector is stunningly cheap , a flimsy piece of foam that kinda sorta plugs into a crevice in the chin bar . Spend a few $ $ $ more and get a Nolan .
 A real pain to mount on the plow blade . The wear bar has round holes for carriage bolts with self-locking nuts . Holding the head of a carriage bolt with vise grips while you tighten self-locking nut is not fun . I ca n't believe Warn would be so cheap as to not have square holes for carriage bolts . It is summer so I have not idea how junk will last.I do not look forward to removing it.After a winters use ; This does not plow snow like the metal bars do , the 3/4 '' thickness make the plow ride over -LRB- and pack -RRB- a layer of snow every time you plow . I have over an inch of packed snow/ice left on my asphalt drive after using this wear bar for the season . I 'm going back to the metal bar before next winter .
 Have an '85 Pontiac Fiero with a oxidation , fading and blotching in the fiberglass finish . Knowing the Meguiar name , and having been satisfied in the past with other produts , I bought this product with the expectation of it helping restore the finish , at least a little , as I 'm not much for expectations . It did n't . After all three steps , the blotching between the fading sections and good sections was more pronounced , and other problem areas were not helped at all . I had better results before with a cheap liquid cleaner/wax , and about the same with some polishing compound . The product is not worth the price or effort . Skeet Pick in San Marcos , CA .
 I purchased the 3 step oxidation remover -LRB- polish and wax also -RRB- and it did NOT live up to my expectations . I had fiberglass that was really oxidized . I followed the process and I am very disappointed by the claims made . I would NOT purchase this product again based on what it could NOT do which is remove oxidation . It did make the fiberglass a little brighter but nothing to write home about . I feel like I wasted my money .
 This product works absolutely great to remove sap , black marks , and dirt embeded in the roof of an RV . Unfortunately , any residue or placement of the product on painted cap tops or the side rails of the roof results in quick UV fading and peeling of the paint . I will avoid using the product in the future and look for something safer for painted surfaces beyond the white roof top .
 You get what you pay for . I bought this cheap helmet to protect my cheap brain and I 'm not disappointed - it 's exactly that , cheap . Fit and finish is rough , the chin bar forces my mouth half open , the visor leaks air like a sieve . The breath deflector is stunningly cheap , a flimsy piece of foam that kinda sorta plugs into a crevice in the chin bar . Spend a few $ $ $ more and get a Nolan .
 I even ordered the recommended &#34; spark plug wire induction adapter &#34; to no avail . The adapter does not fit this particular model even though it states it fits !!
 This tachometer will NOT work on 2 cylinder engines , it will only work on 4,6 or 8 cylinder engines . You may want to ignore what ever else you see on the Equus spec sheets you may see/find online . I did n't bother to try making this thing work , I looked at the spec sheet included and at the back of the tachometer and is clearly states `` 4,6 or 8 cylinders '' . The back of the tachometer can not be seen without taking it out of the package.It looks like it was worth the price.More to follow on my experience with Auto alley on their willingness to exchange or return this product .
 Looks like a well made valve but it 's not . In the off position the valve allows fuel to continue to drip . Additionally , fuel leaks through the seal at the shaft of the knob .
 I bought this valve needing it for a spare fuel tank on my motorcycle , it looks to be quality made , but after I got it mounted and the tank filled with fuel it leaked through the seal at the switch shaft , not just a drip but a good flow .
 I have a one year old Achilles inflatable that I needed to clean up before putting away for the winter . I bought this product thinking it to be the best for this type of boat . Wrong ! Not only did it not remove heavy stains , it did n't even remove light stains or dirt , even if you used brute force!So I went into my garage and pulled out a bottle of &#34; boat soap &#34; from West Marine and with no elbow work or effort at all the dirt and stains were easily removed . Even though the boat soap is designed for rubber boats I thought I 'd give Maguiar 's a try based on their advertising . Big mistake . Will never use again . It is no better than using vinegar and water .
 LIVE IN THE CALIFORNIA DESERT -LRB- PALM DESERT -RRB- AND IT GETS VERY HOT!MY EXPENSIVE RV TIRES WERE STARTING TO CRACK ON THE SIDEWALLS.THIS PRODUCT ACTUALLY WORKS . HAVE YET TO FIND A BETTER PRODUCT .
 This is the left side version of the Toyota ball joints I recently purchased here . This one had a ripped grease boot when we opened the plastic bag , so I had to purchase the Moog equivalent at a local auto parts store . BTW , the Moog cost about 50 % more , but it was made in the U.S.A.I will be returning this part to Amazon for a credit .
 You get what you pay for . I bought this cheap helmet to protect my cheap brain and I 'm not disappointed - it 's exactly that , cheap . Fit and finish is rough , the chin bar forces my mouth half open , the visor leaks air like a sieve . The breath deflector is stunningly cheap , a flimsy piece of foam that kinda sorta plugs into a crevice in the chin bar . Spend a few $ $ $ more and get a Nolan .
 not very good &#65292; the material was very cheap and it was also hard to cover on the seat . it was not worth
 The alternator looked good and spun freely but as soon as I started the car the alternator began to smell and smoke.Amazon took it back with no trouble .
 You get what you pay for . I bought this cheap helmet to protect my cheap brain and I 'm not disappointed - it 's exactly that , cheap . Fit and finish is rough , the chin bar forces my mouth half open , the visor leaks air like a sieve . The breath deflector is stunningly cheap , a flimsy piece of foam that kinda sorta plugs into a crevice in the chin bar . Spend a few $ $ $ more and get a Nolan .
 You get what you pay for . I bought this cheap helmet to protect my cheap brain and I 'm not disappointed - it 's exactly that , cheap . Fit and finish is rough , the chin bar forces my mouth half open , the visor leaks air like a sieve . The breath deflector is stunningly cheap , a flimsy piece of foam that kinda sorta plugs into a crevice in the chin bar . Spend a few $ $ $ more and get a Nolan .
 This picture is not what was sent . It wasted my time and I was never reimbursed for shipping although I did not persue it . I have been happy with Amazon but in this case they let me down . Don
 If I could rate this a minus one star I would . The entire Jack is made of cast material and is very rough which would not be a problem if it did not interfere with the operation . I have owned several high lift jacks and I have worked them hard and abused them terribly without ever having a failure . I purchased this jack to lift fence posts from the ground . The first stroke of the jack produced a jam when the handle was lifted for the next stroke and after some monkeying around I was able to continue by jerking the handle from side to side on the way up . When the jack was at the top it jammed up tight and had to be kicked out of position . I lubed the entire jack and tried again with some success . At one point when fighting the jack through the up stroke with the control in the down position I had the handle come out of my hand and if you 've used a high lift before you know that you never lose control of that handle . The handle narrowly missed my head on the violent kick back . Before I was able to finish pulling a dozen posts the main beam of the jack bent in the middle . I was able to stand on it with it across two boards and straighten it enough to finish the job . This is a frighteningly poor quality jack for the price and should be taken off the market before someone dies using one . I thought it was a made in USA product however after checking the label I see it is made in China . DO NOT BUY THIS JACK !
 the details said Anchor 2866 strut `` left and right '' which made me believe was going to get 2 anchor mount which would have been a deal.I only received one.It was false adverting.It should have said strut mount for left or right.Make it clear to the customers.I feel like I was mislead !!! not too happy about that !! First time this has happen to me on amazon . .
 the info on the amazon site said this would fit my civic , it did not , i found the right # by going to the manufactures site , i had to pay return shipping because i ordered the wrong # on the amazon site , i then ordered the correct # from amazon but did n't get the free shipping , the correct # part was not a very good fit . done with tryin to get it right , will keep the ill fitting one .
 Im sure this product probably works great but they need to have better instructions on how to use it . The Lisle Coil website claims to have a video of how to work the tester , but when you click on the link it directs you to a whole nother website that has nothing to do with the tester or even the Lisle company . Do n't buy this product unless you understand the directions on the box . I paid about 45 dollars for this when I could have just bought a whole new engine coil for my car for about 20 dollars more , which I did a few weeks later ... Huge mistake that was ! I should return this 45 dollar product that I 'll probably never use , but I 'll probaly just hoard it like I do with the rest of my tools .
 Este probador de bobinas de fabricacion poco ortodoxa , que mas bien parece fabricacion casera , -LRB- bueno el producto mismo dice `` PATENTE PENDIENTE '' -RRB- . es bueno , incluso para un tecnico profesional debido a que en el mercado de las herramientas electronicas no existe producto que sea capaz de exitar las bobinas para saber si estan buenas . Y los equipos que existen son muy costosos y solo los tienen los grandes talleres . En cuanto al chispometro que viene con el probador , que es de la marca LISLE , prefiero el THEXTON 404 que trae un tubo transparente que sirve de acustico para escuchar la chispa . Es exelente para las bobinas de los vehiculos asiaticos que van dentro del distribuidor . LO RECOMIENDO !
 Unfortunately , this product is Made in Taiwan , and is no better that the cheaper brands from major auto parts stores . Returned and purchased from Toyota .
 Unless you love replacing them every 6-12 thousand miles , stay away and find something made in US , Mexico , or Canada . Made in China CV boots are made of non-ozone resistant rubber and deteriorate fast .
 My trailer hitch arrived from Amazon with absolutely no packaging and looked terrible -LRB- at least 50 scuffs , marks , and nicks -RRB- . It was shipped from Amazon 's Return Center . After agreeing to replace it with a new packaged hitch , the replacement arrived the same way and in worse condition . It was later confirmed that this hitch was also shipped from the Return Center . Amazon refused to ship me a new hitch.Amazon 's policy on shipping damaged returns to customers as `` new '' is wrong .
 The front shocks work great . But the rear shocks act like solid steel . I might change my review if I learn how to resolve this problem . My car jumps like a bucking bronco over every significant bump or dip . I am trying to find if there is some adjustment that I failed to do but so far getting info is like getting teeth pulled . I still hold out hope that it is some adjustment and not just a very poor product . Also , if Gabriel sold this as an all-in-one product like the the shock and spring assemblies they do for most other cars , I probably would not be having this terrible problem . Does anyone know more about this ? Contact me over at larrymuse.com if you have suggestions . Thanks , Larry
 the Pump was new and priced very low , but it was the WRONG PUMP . Had already tried to place it in the tank , so return was out of the question .
 With the known issue of factory harness , and other fuel pump brands adding the improved pigtail and connector , Bosch should make it right or do n't make it at all .
 Not even close on this one . The tool does NOT work . After an hour I gave up even trying to find a way to make it work . Worthless ! Totally worthless.AD2
 I bought this tach and the matching speedometer and the speedo is lit with regular indocent bulbs and the tach has built in led lights so when you turn on the dash lights you have two different gauges one with yellow ish lighting and one very white looks like crap called equus and was told o well pretty much so i would not buy again spend the money on autometer
 Finally a bumper sticker that expresses how I truly feel about you dirty immigrants ! < / sarcasm > Honestly , do people really think that the way to get people to speak English is by posting bumper stickers IN ENGLISH ? I mean , come on , at least put it in Spanish or Chinese or something ... IF THEY CA N'T SPEAK ENGLISH , THEY CA N'T READ IT EITHER !
 BUYER BEWARE
 The product itself is great , the packaging not so good . When I opened the box the lids had come off the containers and the box was full of handsoap .
 The wrong product was shipped . Amazon seems to be pinching pennies these days . I had to call and ask for a refund . The website would only give me a replacement . By the way , it says 3-5 weeks for the replacement to arrive . This is a starter for a car , I need it now . What if they sent the wrong one twice ? Amazon is starting to remind me of my experience with buy.com years ago . Poor product packaging , bad customer service , and shipping junk , defective products and the wrong items .
 I received the Battery Tender 800 on time . However , I was disappointed in the condition I received it from Amazon . I usually order from Amazon because the items have always arrived in the sealed original manufacturer packaging . This time the battery tender arrived in the plastic manufactuer 's container but it arrived opened . The opened container had been placed in an open plastic bag that was placed in a box for transport . Obviously , someone who packed the battery tender was aware it was opened and did not care , since they did place it in a plastic bag . My question is why was it opened ? Why would they send a product that was opened ? Had it been returned and now Amazon sends products in opened packaging but think that placing them in opened plastic bags compensates?I have n't had a chance to see if the battery tender is operational .
 I guess I got what I paid for . It did n't cost much and it was n't worth much either . I used it once several months ago -LRB- it worked fine then -RRB- I plugged it in last week but now it wo n't work at all . P.S. I gave it one star because I could n't figure out how to give it none .
 When my Deltran Battery Tender gave up after one and a half years , I , luckily , had the original receipt and paperwork , so called them for a return authorization . It turns out that it DOES have a warranty , but you have to pay $ 25.00 for `` processing '' , which is a large percentage of the cost of a new unit.I threw mine away , and bought a competitor 's unit .
 Failed after only two months . Disappointed . I did nothing extraordinary , or abuse the charger . Just kept a 12v deep cycle charged in the float mode .
 After 1 year of service , I found the unit kept the boat battery at 12.8 V rather than the required 13.3 V float .
 THIS IS NOT SOLAR !! DO N'T BE SCAMMED . THIS REQUIRES AN ELECTRICAL OUTLET IN ORDER TO MAINTAIN THE BATTERY/ELECTRICAL SYSTEM OF AN RV .
 Used this to keep jet ski battery charged . After 15 months into a 10 year warranty it has failed . Deltran charges $ 9.95 plus postage for repair or replacement .
 First , I have a number of chargers of various flavors and am pretty familiar with how they should work.I received this charger in Feb from Amazon and it worked fine until recently when it failed . -LRB- I 've spent a bunch of time making sure it 's not connections , any specific battery etc. -RRB- Turns out the warranty involves extra fees as well as shipping , so I am not very motivated to spend more money and trouble esp if it were to fail again so soon.So I guess I 'll just eat it and buy another different brand . I am disappointed , as it was a cute little thing .
 The 800 is a good charger for outdoor applications . The only problem with Deltran products is that they have a tendency to crap out after about two years of service . This is the second Deltran charger that died on me after two years . The warranty is a sham as they need the original receipt and will not pick up any of the shipping costs.Returned units are subject to handling , inspection and repair fees.A new unit retails for $ 52 plus sh the Deltran site about what they want to repair your old unit . Amazon lists a new unit for about $ 35 , a much better deal . Unless you really need a waterproof charger go with a CETEK .
 Mine broke in less then a year . Did n't like it very much when it was working . LED 's did n't work right . Ca n't recommend .
 I have owned two of these chargers purchased both in 1/2010 . In 6/2012 after only 12 months of continuous use -LRB- I did not start using either when purchased , but long later -RRB- one of the two stopped working.Reading about the warranty I was further disappointed , because even though they -LRB- Deltran -RRB- offer a 3 year warranty , they ask me to pay $ 10 for shipping , handling , and inspection . What kind of warranty is that ? Do they think that I am just shipping the product back to them for fun ? Obviously there is a problem with it and I can confirm by the second charger which works fine.If they offer a warranty , they should be held responsible for handling the costs of it . I paid for the shipment of the new product to me as well as for shipping it back to them to fix it . It is unacceptable to pay again for shipping of the repaired product back to me . Shipping alone is getting close to the value of the whole battery tender and I have not misused the battery tender . They are both sitting on a dry corner inside the garage in the mild weather of California.I only give it two stars because the second one is still working ... I guess that it is hit or miss .
 The battery tender failed after 3 uses . I wrote to the company regarding the issue and have n't heard back . After googling the warranty , I found they only offer 90 day warranty , there 's no warranty info on their site and there 's not a lot of good reviews outside of Amazon . I went and bought a Black and Decker tender from Home Depot and it worked like a charm .
 At first I posted `` Great product . I have numerous boat and motorcycle batteries not to mention the lawn mower that I use these tenders on . The battery life is extended a year or two on each . These machines are also ready to go when I need them '' . And now I have to add -- This tender worked great for 22 months . When I called the manufacturer they said that it would cost me $ 12.95 in shipping to get the new one . This is after I paid to ship the defective one to them . I would recommend some of their other models that have a longer warranty , this seems to say something . Most are 5 years and this one is 3 years .
 Purchased 2 of these units and used for 1 year recharging deep cycle trolling motor batteries . They constantly overcharged the batteries the charge light would stay yellow and never turn green which means it never converted over to trickle charge . This caused almost all the water to boil out of the batteries twice . Now 1 charger quit working and will not charge at all . Currently looking for a 3 bank charger and staying away from this manufacture.Update to comment : Approx 2 month 's ago I purchased the NOCO GEN2 2 bank charger and charged the same 2 batteries and the NOCO has switched from red to green every time which means it is converting over to trickle charge and not overcharging and this also verifies that the 2 batteries I am charging are not bad , the Battery Tender Chargers are trash and will destroy good batteries.Further more I also sent both of these chargers back to mfg they found nothing wrong and returned them to me with new leads . Used the new leads charged my batteries and again would not convert over to trickle , continuously overcharged my battery . That 's when I purchased the NOCO and that model has worked perfect .
 Used this unit for one year , and then it failed . Called Deltran and of course found out that I had to ship it back on my dime & then pay them to fix it , even though it was their faulty product . So I need to pay more than half what I originally paid for it to get them to honor their `` warranty '' ? Yeah , I do n't think so . I had n't considered other brands before this - but now , you bet yer socks I 'll be looking to buy their competitor 's product . Vote with your dollars fellow shoppers .
 I just bought the Deltran Battery Tender Waterproof 800 automatic battery charger . I have n't even plugged it in , and I have every reason to believe that it will work perfectly . But before you buy any such product from this company , realize that the `` 3 YEAR WARRANTY ! '' advertised on the outside packaging probably is , in comparison to all the other warranties on all the devices you 've ever bought , meaningless . What you 'll discover after you 've bought the product , peeled off the plastic wrapper , and read the enclosed insert , is that the `` non-refundable warranty evaluation , shipping and handling fee '' equals sixteen dollars -LRB- $ 15.95 anyway -RRB- , which is half of what you 'd pay Amazon for the new product . If the unit fails within three years , you return the defective unit , plus a check for that amount . After Deltran receives it , `` You will be notified regarding the total cost of the repair , before the repair is conducted . Repair-fee payment will be by credit card . If you choose not to pay for the repair , the unit will be returned to you in the condition that it was received . `` Is there anyone who , under those regulations , would actually return the unit for repair , as opposed to buying a new one ? If Deltran is proud of the restrictions of their warranties , they should expalain those restrictions on the outside packaging . This is a warranty scam.Deltran does n't state who must pay for the unit to be returned to you , if you choose not to pay the cost of repair . But it 's not hard to guess . And before they tell you that amount , they probably have your credit-card number on file.If you need a battery charger , buy it from a company that actually warranties their products .
 I bought a 10-year warranted 1.25 A Battery Tender and it went bad in 3 months . I agree with others that warranty , not available until product is delivered , is something the Federal Trade Commission and consumer protection agencies should review for warranty fraud and punitive action against DelTran , the manufacturer . You must not only pay shipping cost to deliver defective product to DelTran -LRB- when beyond Amazon return/exchange period -RRB- , but you have to include a check for $ 15.95 to cover `` product evaluation '' -LRB- really to cover replacement and shipping costs -RRB- . It gets worse ! They expect YOU to PAY for repairs , charged to your credit card ! Where is warranty ? This is treacherous business behavior , and I am surprised Amazon has not insisted that DelTran change to true `` warranty '' , else insist that NO so-called warranty is offered.You should purchase DelTran products KNOWING that if DOA you can get Amazon to replace it , else if it fails after 30 days dispose of it and purchase a new one . As a result , stay away from higher-priced DelTran Battery Tenders because it is more money to lose . The waterproof unit has operated for a number of days without going bad , but I 'm not counting on this thing working very long . I believe Amazon should take action in favor of its customers and stand behind Amazon 's reputation .
 This charger worked twice . The third time I tried to use it , it was dead . And their warranty is worthless . Between shipping costs and their `` we are a ripoff company who charges customers to fix our defective products charge , '' it would cost me more than half the price of a new charger to get warranty service . Buy a Yuasa .
 It is too big for my car . Luckily my moms a seamstress and she can alter it but amazon is so deceiving . They said that it can fit .
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Receiver adaptor hole did not lineup with my receiver had to drill a new hole or you could cut about a 1/2 inch off the adaptor . Hole was too forward to lineup with my receiver .
 UPDATE 1/11/2012
 I needed a complete alternator , as in with pulley and this was one of the only ones that did not specify a pulley swap is needed and shows a pulley in the advertisement . Like burger king you do n't get served an item like you see in the picture . Regardless of the item being functional -LRB- or not since I can not use it until I find a pulley -RRB- one star for the extra hoops I have to jump through to make this work .
 The item pictured is a brake wheel cylinder , NOT a wheel lug nut.Wagner BD61473 Wheel Lug Nut.Someone is asleep at the wheel . ;--RRB- ------------- I ordered a full set for my car - that 's 20 lug nuts in 4 boxes , each of which contains 5 lug nuts for the wheel.What arrived first was a box containing only FOUR -LRB- 4 -RRB- lug nuts.After I contacted Amazon , I received THREE -LRB- 3 -RRB- more lug nuts , not three BOXES.It took a THIRD attempt for the stock person to send the correct number of lug nuts.These are a perfect replacement for the stock lug nuts for the 1988 Fleetwood .
 This was the wrong hitch that I initially ordered because the display picture showed three hitches . I thought that the order was for all three types of hitches . But I was wrong . Before sending it back , I tried it in my vehicle receiver hitch and it did n't fit . Amazon refund procedure is very user friendly and I was able to return and get a refund . I ordered the correct hitch the second time around .
 fit fine but output voltage is too high . 15.8 to be exact . gon na return it . what a pain !!!! yes im annoyed !!!
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 It is bull s *** , false advertisement , waste of money , did n't even make a difference , make my engine sputter , no one else should buy this
 There really was n't any packaging when it was delivered today , unless you call throwing the hitch ball mount into a box packaging?When I opened the box the hitch ball mount looked used , that 's because the paint was all beat up ... I should have sent it back but I needed it now so I just repainted it and called it good .
 I had to modify one of the 3 mounting holes because bolt would not go through it . I used a round file to enlarge one of the holes . Maybe 1/16 '' bigger on one side of the holes . If you want a drop-in replacement , look elsewhere . Of course , no big deal in enlargening a hole , but I did n't bring my file set with me to my friends house -LRB- where I was doing the repair -RRB- . It was a shorter drive to buy a file from O'Reillys rather than driving all the way back home .
 After changing all 5 engine mounts on my Civic I 'm getting more vibrations than with the old , cracked , 14-year old OEM mounts . Seems like the Rear Left Upper is the worst one . Also some of the bolt holes are drilled in the wrong places -LRB- around 1/8 inch off -RRB- . Just cheap Asian made parts . The price was good but I 'll have to replace them again with the good staff . I will never purchase the Anchor brand again .
 BE CAREFUL THIS IS NOT CALIF. . COMPLIANT !!!!! When I received this I made one mistake . I beleived the hand checked list , that all parts were there . BIG MISTAKE !! Apparently the people they have checking the list DO N'T REALLY make sure the parts are there , they just check it off regardless !!!! Anyway after 45 minutes I was ready to hook up the LAST `` T '' for the vacuum lines and guess what ... yep no part !!! So $ 6.00 and a trip to Kragen Auto and I was done . When I emailed airaid about this I have had NO RESPONSE !!! Guess they do n't care anymore about customer service than they do makin sure ALL the parts are in the box ...
 The switch does not have the same exact dimensions as the original switch -LRB- it is higher -RRB- causing the door switch cover to rub against it after installation which then obstructs the movement of the switch . Also , the switch itself only worked intermittently -LRB- it had nothing to do with the improper seating because the switch failed to work without the cover on , also -RRB- . UPDATE : Returned product and ordered Dorman switch http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000TYQB8W/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00 instead . The Dorman switch works and fits our 2004 Chevy Venture perfectly .
 I had ordered the chevy emblem , but sorry to say I purchased the wrong emblem , I needed a smaller emblem for my car . I returned it with no problem , and was refunded my money . Thank you , Millie Durgan
 AMAZON WAS GREAT AND AS I SEE IT RIGHT NOW A GREAT PLACE TO SHOP THIS IS NO FAULT OF THEIR OWN BUT THE QUALITY OF THIS HAMBERGER OIL PAN LEAVES A LOT TO BE DESIRED THE WAY IT FIT IS TERRIBLE . HAD TO REWORK THE PICKUP TO GET THE CLEARANCE RIGHT THEN WHEN WE BOLTED THE PAN TO THE BLOCK IT JUST WOULD N'T SEAL GOOD I WOULD NEVER BUY ANOTHER PAN FROM THEM THAT IS FOR SURE .
 I recently purchased this product for my first time at a local Wal-Mart . I followed the directions and applied the product one small area at a time . My problem was that it would not ever dry . Even after 2 hours ! It 's impossible to remove a damp wax without lot 's of streaking , which is exactly what I got . What used to take about an hour at most , ended up taking up the better part of my afternoon . And all that repetative buffing left both my arms tired . I had to go over the Black Magic application with a different product to get rid of all the streaking . I will say that in a day or two , the finish looked nice and shiny , but obtaining this required entirely too much effort on my part . For the past several years , I used a product called Nu Finish liquid car wax in the orange bottle . I always found Nu Finish dried quickly after the intial application and was unbelievably easy to remove with no streaking and a gorgeous deep finish that lasted up to a full year . So why did I switch to Black Magic ? I 'm asking myself the same question ! Just because it 's a NEW product , does not mean it 's a BETTER product ! I also noticed this past weekend , while at my local Wal-Mart , that they no longer carry Black Magic Liquid Wax ! However , they did still carry my old friend in the orange bottle -- Nu Finish , which I purchased and will use once again . Sorry Black Magic , it will only be Nu Finish in the future for this auto enthusiast !
 I have to agree with the other reviewer . - I bought this product only because it was the only one in the discount store where I was shopping . - Nice evening here , and relaxing time to wax my 1974 Beetle . - Okay , so I proceeded like usual . Washed the car . Hand dried . Applied a quarter-sized amount to my applicator pad , and then started on a small portion of the top of the car . Seemed odd that it never did look like it was turning to any shade of a dry haze . Hmmm , did I put on too much ? No more than usual . I then took a `` new '' towel and started to buff . Still , never showed any sign of drying . Was my towel not dry ? Of course it was . Brand new . I continued on with the remainder of the roof thinking that the first area still needed more time . As I began the hood I kept looking back to the roof . - Back and forth , roof to hood , hood to roof . Two more new towels . Nothing improved . God , you woulda thought there was a glob of grease in the towel . - Time to break . Went to DQ and got a chocolate-cherry blizzard . Finished it while listening to the Yankee game on the radio . Then , back to the waxing . As bad a before ! Now I 've had it . Wasted more than an hour , and now it 's too dark to continue . - The bottle now resides in the trash can . In the morning I 'm driving an extra 10 minutes and get back my old faithful , Nu-Finish .
 I 've used many different waxes in my life . I decided to try the black magic liquid wax because of its `` longer lasting '' reputation . Unfortunately , I 'll never know if that 's true because I used this wax on one side of an SUV before I gave up . Application is easy , but that 's true with most waxes now . Removing the wax is another story though . I applied the wax in the shade and let it sit before attempting to remove , just as I do with any other wax . There were streaks and swirl marks left behind from the wax . I had to wipe over it again and again , until eventually I just went back using the Mother 's wax I had been using before . I will not be applying this product to any cars again in the future .
 I bought this because of its top rating in Consumer Reports . Having read some of the reviews here and elsewhere I applied it only to the hood as a test . What a nightmare ! Basically it gives the impression that it never dries , so there 's a greasy-looking , smudgy film no matter how long I wait for it to dry or how long I buff . Maybe it 's deliberate -- could this be where the name `` wet shine '' comes from?Used this on the wife 's dark blue Accord . Possibly the effect is n't as noticeable on a light-colored car.This may well be the most durable , or protective -LRB- or whatever virtue -RRB- of any wax . But I 'll never find out , because it 's just too much of a pain in the *** to use . Giving it two stars instead of one , only because it did n't do anything really crazy like eat through the sheet metal .
 I began using this wax when a leading consumer magazine gave it a top rating . I do have to be careful to apply a super-thin amount of wax because the wax is harder to buff out than a paste wax like meguiars ultimate . I usually apply it with a porter cable buffer and remove the wax by hand with a microfiber towel -- you need to have plenty of these on hand for this wax . The shine is quite good and it lasts for a really long time .
 I ordered this for a 2002 Dodge Ram 2500 , but they shipped me the dash mat for the 1500 two different times . After the mistake the second time , they refunded my money . Customer Service was great , they just could n't get me the correct dashmat .
 Will this GIGANTIC shade keep your Odyssey cool-YES . Will you be able to pack it into packable size to store it in your vehicle-Absolutely NOT ! It rolls up into a 6 '' Diameter tube that is 4 feet long ! If you are planning on storing your vehicle like a motor home this is your shade . If this is your family vehicle-forget it . And please do n't take your passenger 's head off while trying to wrangle it down from the dash -LRB- I almost did -RRB- .
 I got these for my 2001 Toyota Celica . The first thing I noticed when I opened them is they looked pretty good and as pictured . The clutch and brake pedal are pretty easy to install and seem to be pretty snug on top of my stock pedals . However for what ever reason , they made the gas pedal assembly completely different . They give you a bracket which needs to be put over the pedal and tightened with a single metal strap that resembles a metal hose clamp , except this method is worse because there is no way to get it tight using a screwdriver or any tool as it has to be by hand . You need to pull the metal strap around the pedal and hook it into a slot trying to get it as tight as possible . This SINGLE strap that runs through the CENTER of the bracket is supposed to hold this thing tight but IT DOES NOT . It moves all around and slides up and down and seems like a cheap setup.I 'm going to keep them just because I do n't feel like sending them back , and I think I will just try to use 2 hose clamps and tighten it onto the stock pedal that way . Either that or just glue it on , I dont know ... it 's just plain stupid to change a perfectly working method that was used for the clutch and brake to something so dumb for the gas pedal.They did ship before the earliest delivery date so that 's a plus from the seller . Just keep in mind these are covers and not meant to replace your current stock pedals.EDIT
 WARNING
 The picture is of the rear seat but the product sent to us is the front seats ! Fabric is great but did n't try to put it on b/c we do n't need the front seat covers .
 Was doing rear brakes and could n't turn the old drums , so I ordered these . The price for these drums was WAY less than the chain auto parts stores . So I took a chance on them . When I took them out of the box they looked very solid and heavy . Nothing cheap in the appearance . But after installation , I ended up with a pretty bad vibration when braking . Reinstalled old drums and no vibration . So something was out-of-round in one of the new drums . Decided to just use old drums and returned these . I may have just had a bad draw , but who knows . The price may be worth taking a shot , especially since Amazon will pay return shipping if you get a bad one .
 This filter was said to fit my vehicle but when it came it did not fit .
 I bought expensive coverking products for my car thinking they would fit and match . After all , there are only 3 different interior colors for my year . Boy , was I wrong . The color was waaaay off . So bad that it just looked ridiculous . I sent it back , and not only did I have to pay shipping to me and shipping back , they had the nerve to charge me a 15 % restocking fee for finding out that their product is stupidly off color . DO NOT BUY from this company unless you have seen the color in a retail store somewhere .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I saw a similar set in sports authority and it was about 2 bucks more but good quality , I figured I will save 4 bucks since I ordered 2 sets here on amazon and I am so disappointed in what I received . Even tho it was a little over 5 bucks I expected better than this junk , I would of never paid so much for this and I would return it but my girlfriend and I are going camping in 2 days so no time to return and order new gear so I guess its better than nothing
 This is the cheapest camp stainless silverware I have seen . pieces bend very easily . The fork tines were n't staight when I received this . I do n't plan on using it .
 OEM is the brand name , not original equipment . Very misleading ! It fit well , and so for is working well . ok
 I do not recommend this product at all.I was so stressful by noise from brake pad after changing about a week when I put the padal.Ford engineer said this product seems not to fit to my car , and grind sides of the brake pads for me .
 The floormats are not a good fit in the front floor boards . Neither side fits like the manufacturers mats and they are not cut as seen in the picture . If you want something that is a meg shift fit , then these are for you .
 After changing all 5 engine mounts on my Civic I 'm getting more vibrations than with the old , cracked , 14-year old OEM mounts . Seems like the Rear Left Upper is the worst one . Also some of the bolt holes are drilled in the wrong places -LRB- around 1/8 inch off -RRB- . Just cheap Asian made parts . The price was good but I 'll have to replace them again with the good staff . I will never purchase the Anchor brand again .
 This did not fit my 1987 Chevy Sprint 1.0 L Turbo . It has both male ends , while the Sprint has one male and one female .
 I purchased this product that stated chrome and as you see in the picture it is all chrome , well when I received this item only the ball was chrome unlike the picture shows the mount and all in chrome ! Could have purchased the same thing I received cheaper from anther site .
 The item photo shows a chrome ball mount with a 6 '' drop . The item sent was a black ball mount with a 3 '' drop . I would suggest cross referencing the item needed with B&W 's webite .
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 When I first spotted this sticker while looking through what was offered at Amazon , I was initially caught off guard by how cleaver this one was , and this Republican was impressed . But the more I thought about it , the more I was n't . See , the story of Moses freeing the Jews from Egypt -LRB- from the Bible -RRB- does start when a burning bush tells him to go . God is using it to get his attention . And once Moses finally goes , God uses him to lead the Israelis out of Egypt and straight to the border of the land they were supposed to go to . When they got there , they panic at the people they 'd have to drive out of the land , and that 's when the problems started . God was so unhappy with their lack of faith , He then made them wander in the desert for 40 years . This was at least a year after the burning bush.While initially cleaver , this just does n't hold up to any thought . No matter which side of the election you 're on this year , there are better ways to express your opinions .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 This Product was the wrong size . Also the filter was very flimsy and cheap . Would not recommend this product to anyone . .
 Mats sent was different from picture not worth the money , will not place a order with Coverking.Slow about returns , be careful you may not get what you pay for .
 AMAZON has a guide to help you match car parts , unfortunately , this guide is incorrect at times . This filter did not fit my vehicle . Attempted to return but AMAZON could not help me on this one .
 mention features that does not apply for some car models , not easy to upgrade via web , will not recomend it
 Bought for a 93 t100 , hooked it up ... oh wait , could n't hook it up , there 's no cord that works . I 'm sure it is a great dcs , but call the manufacturer first to be sure your vehicle is compatible .
 i bought this because it clearly says for OBDI and OBDII vehicles and when i got the box it lists on the box which vehicles it works for that are OBDI i have a Saab so this didnt work at all i thought well maybe its the product and i tested it on my fathers Suzuki and it worked fine so in all unless you have gm , honda , ford , or toyota for OBDI dont bother . product works to read codes but not worth the money its more worth going to auto zone and borrowing one .
 Should not buy this brand of scanner equus innova because they do not meet the warranty if they break the screen.buy another brand ... ok
 no real time scanning . No very good for ob1 . I regret my purchase.useless . Goes in the bottom of the tool chess .
 Equus 3120I was disappointed in this unit because I could not check my 1989 F250 nor my 1994 Geo Tracker .
 I had to return this item , -LRB- Amazon made this process painless -RRB- . Equus 3120 Innova Diagnostic Code Scanner with Freeze Frame Data for OBDI and OBDII Vehicles > this description is not valid in my case.I have a Mitsubishi Eclipse 1995 RS.When I contacted the Manufacturer I was told , `` they make no adapters for my vehicle '' .
 Since the GM 3.8 V6 engines were in all the Park Avenue & Olds 98 & Pontiacs between 1994-1995 , you might think this scan tool would work since it says it will read some of the more popular OBDI cars prior to 1996 . Those were popular cars . This scan tool will not work on them according to Innova Technical Support and some users who have tried it .
 I purchased this system which is supposed to be able to scan both generation of automotive electronics 1995 back and 1996 and up . I built a 1972 Mustang put a 1991 Lincoln Mark VII 5.0 HO in it and have a 1989 Mustang GT the scanner was supposed to work on both vehicles but do n't work on either of them The INNOVA was guaranteed to work on OBD1 and OBD2 systems complete waste of money for OBDI vehicles I do not recommend anyone purchasing it .
 Yes , the 3120 is easy to use to retrieve error codes but BEWARE ; it does not display live operational data , it is limited to just what is recorded in the vehicle computer memory . For only that , its price is not justifiable.My mistake in missing the distinction between the 3120 and 3130 in the on-line product descriptions . My mistake in buying the more expensive 3120 instead of the much more capable and less expensive 3130 .
 bought this on a orielly 's loan a tool program and I 'm glad I did because now I can return it . All you can do with it is read and erase codes that are set , you can do this with a 50 dollar cheapie . It does run monitors but it is no help after that . they charged me $ 426 for this tool and it is a total waste !! check out the actron 9580 instead
 If you are a novice and trying to understand the manual , good luck ! The `` I/M monitor codes are not addressed in the glossary of terms and abbreviations at all , so you have no idea what system `` HTR '' is in when it keeps flashing indicating that it has not run diagnostic tests . Scanner does all I want it to do but the owners manual leaves a WHOLE LOT to be desired . .
 did not work correctly on my 92 corvette . worked on on 2002 buick . would not work on 3 computers , never finished downloading . e-mailed tech support never returned e-mail
 It was very litle what i can do with it , i cant check abs sistem and the webb site to poor info .
 Not what I thought it would be . Made to dash look really sloppy . First thing I have returned .
 I consulted Amazon 's `` see if it fits '' drop menu to see if it fit my car.It stated that it did fit , so I ordered ... it did n't fit . I 'm sure it 's a decent filter but I am less than pleased so , 2 stars.So if you are wondering , it DOES NOT fit a 2001 Honda Civic EX as stated by Amazon .
 This item description is not accurate and is misleading . I thought I was buying a replace ignition switch assembly for a Geo Tracker.This item is an inertial cutoff switch to interrupt fuel flow in a crash -LRB- this item is in addition to a normal functional factory ignition switch system -RRB- . NOWHERE IN THIS ITEM DESCRIPTION IS THIS INFORMATION GIVEN . I am now stuck with this useless item due to the 30 day refund policy .
 These wires had no relation to my car and did n't fit at all . I would have returned them but it was n't worth the trouble .
 We purchased this strut and mounted it but when we went to get the car aligned , we found out the strut itself was defective . Since the labor is so much at the shop , we decided to take the old strut and use it with the new spring and mounts . Bottom line is we would have returned it if we had purchased it locally . This is one case where online was not an advantage .
 last week i noticed a clunking sound in my front end and thought my front strut went bad but it turned out to be the trans mount that i just bought back in Aug. I barely installed this mount in September and its already gone bad ... Not a good product if you ask me . Plus i dont see any kind of warranty info ?
 Really disappointed with this item . It says universal and with that I knew there would be some modifications that would have to be done like drilling holes or whatever but damn the item did n't fit and it did n't come with the directions which it says it contained ... I even went as far as to call the Autolock people and ask if it would fit my car and they said of course . I 'm getting my money back ... do n't buy ...
 This product seemed as if it was going to be a pretty cool and easy custom part for my car . I got the package and right off the bat there was n't any instructions on how to install it . I had to call the manufacturer for them to email me the instructions . After getting the instructions , which were confusing as no other , I tried to begin the install . They do n't tell you that you have to shave off 1/2 '' of your trunk arm bars . Also , I had to shave down the posts that slide into the trunk arm shafts with a grinder . Next , I had to drill holes into the base part of the part in order to insert the locking pins . All this drilling , which should come pre-drilled , 5 hours of my time , pieces of my car cut off , and finally the part is installed . I realigned the trunk deck lid and go to close the trunk , but it does n't even close all the way . The top of the trunk lid was raised by about 1 '' all the way around the edge of the trunk . Also , after everything was installed , the trunk lid was too heavy and the flip-flop kit could n't even support the weight of it , go figure with all the drilling and grinding done to the contraption that should come pre drilled . Overall , I do not recommend this product to anyone unless you like tearing up your trunk and you have time to waste with the shipping , parts not fitting , and if you have a fabrication shop with all the right tools . Even then it still does n't do what it says !!!
 I have purchased 3 of these units over the last year , and all have failed in even the lightest applications . The factory will not repair them , just replaced the first one , and only after i had to supply shipping papers from amazon , even thought the serial number showed it to be only 3 months old . The next two units the factory said it must be something my customer had done . Not once did they ask for the old unit back so they could inspect them . '' Cust abuse '' . Not one of 7 of another brands , lighter wattage , has failed in the same application . I am trying to get my customers to stop requesting this brand .
 IT WORKS BUT IT SUCKS BATTERY POWER UP FAST AND DRAINS BATTERIES . i INSTALLED IN A BUS CONVERSION AND ONLY CONNECET WHEN WERE RUNNING TO CHARGE COMPS AND PHONES AND SUCH . i HAVE THE 3500 12 VOLT VERSION SAME COMPANY AND DONT HAVE 1/2 THE DRAINAGE WITH A LOAD -LRB- REFER 100 WATTS -RRB- . THIS WILL RUN EMPTY AND DRAIN POWER . I HOOK UP TO MCI BUS WITH DUEL BATTERIES 24 VOLT SYSTEM
 I bought it to power up my RV trailer at my ranchAssuming that is a 24 Volt inverter , it must be intended for high power systems , but this one cuts the power at 30.5 Volts , wich is less then the voltage sent by my sun powered battery charger -LRB- at 31.5 sometimes -RRB- . And looking inside , the remote control module cable was loose not soldered . Bad manufacturing.Maybe it will work for small requirements . Like ocasional tool use , or sunday kermess party with a popcorn maker .
 HORRIBLE DESIGN . GREAT IDEA for a product . With modifications , this product makes an excellent addition to any vehicle at a car show . Originally designed to be used only when the car has the emergency brake engaged . I 'm not a fan of the design ; I think you should be able to use it while the car is in motion . I 'm guessing they did that for liability reasons .
 The socall springs are about 2 '' apart and theyer about 3/8 '' circumference , which gives you no lift . It appears to have been made in a third world chop shop , need i say more ... -LSB- ASIN
 I was not pleased with this purchase . The cusions are hard and you can feel what I call the springs in the cusions . I did not return them as I used them for a different purpose . I cut them in half and used them under our pation cushions . I WOULD NOT PURCHASE THEM AGAIN .
 This is called `` king size '' but the back is too low for me . It 's also uncomfortable . Rather than a soft pad , it has what feels like flexible but hard rods running in a cross-hatch pattern . I could only sit on it for a couple of minutes before these rods became uncomfortable.I am trying to return it , but this is not sold directly by Amazon , so the refund , if any , will normally not include postage .
 cheap , will not last a summer . held in place by elastic back strap , seat will slide around
 Not a good product , very uncomfortable . Ended up tossing it . I was hoping it was like the old ones they used to sell back in the 70 's that were actually comfortable and cool on those old vinyl seats - not the case with this product .
 I used it ONE DAY and the front seam came apart and continued to unravel from that point on . I would have thought this thing would last more than a day . I am sorry I bought it . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought this thinking it would replace a worn out one I had for about 7 years . I used it ONE DAY and the front seam came apart and continued to unravel from that point on . Within that first day I must have gotten in and out of my vehicle about 20 times . I would have thought this thing would last more than a day . I noted this to the vendor and still -LRB- about a month later -RRB- have not heard from them either . . Must have been made in CHINA or MEXICO . . I am sorry I bought it . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ...
 I used this product very few times and the stiching came apart -LRB- less than five days -RRB- . I will not buy this product again .
 lasted a few months and began to crumple under use . edges are not ridgid enough to hold up in use in and out of a car repeatedly
 This product is by far the WORST example of an air cushion EVER !!! The so called coils , what a joke ! If this can keep air circulating , your butt and back must be about 3 inches wide , and you must weigh no more than 5 lbs ! Good Luck with that.I should have listened to the reviews.I called the company for a Return Number , and was given one , but after I reviewedtheir return policy , I would be spending WAY TOO MUCH , with their restocking , pain taking them back to the Post Office , shipping charges already spent once , so I did keep them , but they really are junk .
 We were expecting MORE of a cushion-feel to this seat , but all its really made of is a mesh fabric with little wires inside it to keep air flow moving . It would be okay to keep your butt cool maybe , but for a cushion , its flat and cheap feeling . As for `` king size '' it barely covers our car 's seat ... we ended up returning them ... not worth it ...
 works well till it falls apart , the one i had lasted less than two weeks , the vender should be ashamed of them selves
 do n't buy it . first , the product could use a picture because the instructions are not exactly clear . I dont think the people at NAPA knew how to use it either . i ended up running out of brake fluid before i could even finish the job . so i had to take it to an auto repair place down the street . in the end , it costs me about 15 bucks for the fluid and adapter , and another 108 bucks to get a technician to finish it .
 I ca n't believe NAPA sold me this crap for $ 10 . It simply does not work . In fact , it wo n't even attach to the break valve .
 This was bad enough when , out of the package , this thing had no way to conect it to a wheel cylinder without reversing the check valve -LRB- unless you want air coming IN and none going out -RRB- . Then it got worse - I had 4 wheels to bleed . After two wheels , the check valve did n't check anymore - this thing let air into the hydraulic system - you would think a manufacturer would not want that liability ! I finally bought a silicone diaphragm check valve and 3/16 '' tubing from from mcmaster and made my own - for about $ 8 .
 I purcahsed this cover for my 2012 white Ducati Monster 696 . The cover fit nicely , however after 1 day in the sun I removed the cover to find that it had discolored my white gas tank . There are now fabric looking blotches of piss YELLOW on my WHITE gas tank and rear faring . I tried to return return this product only to find out that I have to pay for the return shipping , which is half of the product price . This only gets one star because I have to put one star . I would like a full refund including shipping and handling .
 I purchased these for my 2001 Subaru Outback . According to Amazon , these should have fit , but they were n't even close . It took significant effort to get the narrow end over the tie rod shaft , and the wide end was about half an inch smaller in diameter than the original Subaru boot . There was absolutely no way to stretch it over the flange on the steering rack .
 They 're assuming I know what to do -LRB- WRONG -RRB- ... and I do n't blame you for my lack of knowledge . There was no schematic or directions on how to work this . No serial or model numbers to Google it . And WORST of ALL ... I received it POSTAGE DUE !!!! WHY did I pay for shipping ????
 I was purchasing this for a present . The first shipment was the correct item , but it was banged up and not packaged well enough to avoid the damage . A replacement was quickly sent out , but it was the wrong item . Unfortunately , I did n't have any more time left to give them a chance to try to correct it a third time . I found a similar item locally - and spent less !
 It matches my car but the problem was , it wo n't stick to my car . I followed the instructions as indicated but it just wo n't stick . Overall it served the purposed on to my car .
 I purchased two of these at a spectacularly low price from Amazon . Three days after installation one of them had left a 15 '' dia pool of fluid on my driveway and has continued to leak since . Gabriel told me I had to deal with the seller . I 'm now looking at paying triple the original price to replace the strut and doing half the job over again . I hope the other one does n't fail .
 A ` very expensive ' piece of plastic that I doubt I will be able to use!Did quite the search for a meter pod that I can install in my vehicle so I can monitor exact conditions , such as voltage , temperature and oil pressure , and with meters , as opposed to the ` idiot lights ' . The picture of this product is very deceiving ! And the description is inaccurate as well . After receiving this , the very first thing I had noticed was that the holes for the meters were angled way to the left.Looking at the picture , it appears that the meter holes face directly forward , but not true . My plans were to install this center on my dash in front of the steering wheel . However with the holes for the meters angled way to the left , that 's not going to work very well ... Calling the manufacture , I was told that this was ` only ' made for Dodge Ram trucks , 1998-2002 Dodge Ram -LRB- except '02 1500 -RRB- , and for mounting center on the dash , in-between the driver and passenger side.In other words , directly centered in the ` middle ' of the dash , and to the right of the driver . Thus the reason for the meter holes to be angled to the left.Within the item description it says , `` Mounts to OEM pillar and fits 1998-2002 Dodge Ram except 2002 1500 series vehicles `` Well they did get part of it right , but it can clearly be seen that this does n't mount to a pillar.Further in the description , `` It mounts on the front of the dashboard and offers a universal fit . '' This contradicts the previous description of it.It in fact appears to be somewhat ` universal ' from the picture of it . But again , not true!The manufacture stating that amazon.com is n't an authorized distributor , and they are not responsible for that deceiving picture , or the content in the description.The dash in my vehicle is n't straight from one side to the other , to where I could mount this in the middle of the dash and be able to see the meters angled towards me.The manufacture telling me that they do n't make anything that would suit my application , or any similar pod that does n't have the meter holes angled as they are . They do have quite the selection of meter pods for countless specific vehicles , but never thought of offering just a plain , universal meter pod.And the real shame is that through hours of Internet searching , this manufacture seems to be the only manufacture making these types of meter pods.In looking at this , I 'm not seeing any way to modify it , and at nearly $ 50.00 for this ` piece of plastic ' , do n't think I would even attempt it , if I even seen a possibility.Will still take this out to my vehicle and see if there is ` somewhere ' I can mount it , and still make use of it , given the fact that there are no others out there that I 've been able to find , that are n't made by this same manufacture.If not able to come up with a solution , for sure will be sending it back!Can probably take that nearly $ 50.00 , and come up with something else I can mount meters in , and probably for half the cost , such as a simple plastic project box.Really disappointed !
 First of all product is not even what is shown in photo . There is an extra flap that hangs over the passenger side air bag . Top cut out for dash tray is the wrong shape and size . This dashmat was a waste of time . I will not be ordering another dash mat from amazon . Looks like I have to go to ford to get the right dash cover for my F150 .
 Liked the look when I attached them . Cleaned the area and let it dry before I put them on , -LRB- self stick tape strip -RRB- . Peeled the back off and attached with a little pressure to make sure they were on good . The one on the right was hanging the next day . Pushed it back and held it there for awhile . Took a ride the following day and it was gone . The one on the drivers side is still there . Bought 2 sets originally but gave the other away . Will have to check if he 's still got his on .
 Looks good when you get it fit correctly . Much cheaper than real braided steel hoses . You need really good scissors to cut hose . The upper radiator hose cover was not large enough to fit over my stock hose . Difficult to get ends to look good without lot of fuss .
 They do n't tell you that it will NOT fit all hoses . It 's a nightmare trying to put this over hose 's if you can get them on . I tossed mine .
 The radiator sleeve will not expand to fit a standard radiator hose . The rest of the sleeves work fine for heater/ac hoses , fuel lines , and vacuum lines . Amazon sent me replacement packages with the same problem .
 I purchased this item for my 95 Firebird . The only thing that fit is the upper radiator hose everything else was a waste of money . This kit is designed for muscle cars not for cars after that era . It said it would fit a 95 Firebird 3.4 V6 . I guess that was true if you just count the upper radiator hose . I wasted my money . I hope I can get something for the rest of the parts at a garage sell .
 If you buy this product to dress up the radiator hose , forget it . nothing you can do will expand the hose enough to slide over a standard radiator hose . I would love someone from the company that makes these do a video to prove me wrong !! Waste of time and money
 It wo n't run or generate power . Manufacturer will not honor warranty because it was not purchased directly from them . Phone numbers and emails to All American Power -LRB- made in china -RRB- are never responded to . Run far away from this generator . Thank to Amazon for standing by their customers . I got a full refund .
 I just bought two of them and i tried to make them run and they are not good so i advise you do not buy those generators from CHINA
 Do n't listen to the Amazon make sure it fits dropdown . It is n't acurate . I purchased the part and it did n't fit although Amazon claimed it would . The part itself is fine . Seems like it would be a good product . I actually double checked this part against an online auto part supplier . They agreed with Amazon . Unfortunately they are both wrong and I 'm out $ 23 bucks . Perhaps its Mr. Gasket making the false claim , I do n't know . Plus , I 'm back to search for a replacement part for my car . Waste of time thanks to someone else 's error .
 The original set of struts lasted ten years , this replacement is bad after only two years .
 If I could leave zero stars I would . Ordered this clock . First one came and the knob was broken off the stem . Returned it to Amazon - perfect performance by them . They replaced it with a new one the next day . Second one came , I hooked it up and it was working fine . Then I put in the illumination light and it caused the second hand to stop/jam against the clock stem where you set the thing . Remove the light - it works . Put the light in - it jams . Amazon had been so good about the first one that I sent an e-mail to AutoMeter to see if they had a fix . Yeah they had a fix alright
 This shock will not work in chrysler van even they claim it fit , it will fit but not functioning , the van will bottom out so easely , creating very dangerous situation , I bought my long ago and just put it in last month , will take it out and replace it with different brand , will sue them if have money , very irresponsible company to put out something that do n't fit and do n't perform .
 I have a :1997 Dodge Grand Caravan SE AWD with 3.8 L EngineI purchased a set of these shocks at Autozone to replace my aging but functional OEM shocks . WORST DECISION EVER.Immediately I noticed the ride was about 3/4 '' of an inch LOWER than my stock shocks . Soon after throwing my OEM shocks away -LRB- of course -RRB- I noticed while on a drive to the movies that a intersection I had no issues with before it seemed like my trailer hitch bounced . I found out later what I thought was my trailer hitch bouncing was the van violently smashing the suspension bump stops.Being that this issue did not present itself until I purchased these shocks it can only be assumed they are the cause . The last draw for me on my way home from work on I-15 threw Las Vegas the normal dip in the road around a turn cause the van to crash into the bump stops causing the backend to bounce , break-loose and almost causing a major accident.These shocks may be fine for the short caravans , Gabriel says they fit both , but I am taking these off and back to Autozone as soon as I get my new shocks I ordered from Amazon . . FYI I choose the Monroe Sensa-Trac Load Adjustable Shock Absorber # 58620 as they have fantasic reviews and also have a built in coil for support . At $ 90 for a pair thats about $ 13 more per shock but after my close call the extra $ 30 is worth my life . . Unless you like doing an unexpected 70mph statey slide around a corner I would AVOID THESE for use with the longer and possibly even the shorter Dodge Caravans . . I 'm not one to write reviews but this product is bad enough for me to warrant spending my time to write it.FYI I am planning on doing a video review when I get the monroe shocks in which will show the difference between these shocks and the monroe shocks , good or bad . .
 I returned for the worst ride ive felt . You felt evey pebble in the road . Jars your body inside truck enough to make highway use unsafe . Good for Towing !
 This item is NOT WATERPROOF if your buying this to put on your trailer that sits outside hoping to keep the water off of it do not buy it . I purchased this item a week ago first rain on it today and the water goes right through it , i should have known since you can see through it that it is nothing more than a glorified dust cover an 8 dollar tarp protects it more than this i am returning it .
 I was very careful choosing this product and read all reviews carefully . Unfortunately , we have an older model -LRB- 1996 Jayco -RRB- with an A/C unit . I ordered the 12-14 ' cover and it was great on the lenghth and width . However , due to our a/c it would not cover the sides . I was quite disappointed and will continue looking for one that will fit longer sides .
 After less than a year , I 'm disappointed with the trailer cover . It was quite damp underneath and has holes where the trailer corners are -LRB- from just sitting -RRB- and a large rip in the center for no apparent reason from use . Certainly not useful for more than a season and not worth the price . Basically it 's just a dust cover as long as it does n't rain .
 Purchased cover October 2010 . Lightweight , fit great . Unfortunately it was shredded by August of 2011 . Did n't even last a year . It just disintegrated . I would roll it off the trailer and it would just seperate . I live in Sacramento , but we have not had any 100 degree days . Cover should have lasted longer . If you need a cover for 6 months , good deal . If you want a cover to last more than 6 months , do not buy this cover .
 This Banks exhaust system is a total piece of JUNK . I tried for 6 hours to get this part to fit my 2004 Jeep Wrangler Unlimited , NEVER EVER could get it to bolt on like the web site says . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS Gale Bank 's JUNK exhaust system . The welds are horrible on the muffler , I could weld that good and I have never welded anything in my life !
 Was wrong part caliper was front they cant get rite oneonly offered money back i am still looking for rear caliper
 I bought this cover to protect an expensive folding indoor trampoline that we sometimes leave outside on nice weekends . Material is not waterproof and is easily ripped . Geez , our cover has n't even spent a month outside yet and it leaves our trampoline soaking wet . What a disappointment . Do n't waste your money on this crap .
 The Long & Short is FALSE ADVERTISING . The product they show you is not what you get . I live in the Caribbean and it not Feasible to ship it back so I have to consider it a loss .
 I bought what I thought was the top of the line in fog lamps . The lights were purchased to add to the Westin Bull Bar I added to my 05 Ford Ranger . The install was straight forward with no issues . It is hard to get the lights tightened to the point where you can not turn them by hand.After 6 months , one of the plastic lamp housing broke off at the base . I have sent several emails to Hella trying to get this issue resolved , but so far no response from them.I would not recommend this product because of the plastic housing and mounting hardware .
 My front license plate holder on my Lincoln Navigator fell off and my dealer did n't have the plastic pop-rivets for sale . I have metal pop-rivets and a metal pop-rivet gun , but these would not work . I found the size of rivet needed and bought this gun -LRB- setter -RRB- as well . You will notice on the picture that the application end is flush . On my metal pop rivet gun , the application end has a `` snout '' that can fit in recessed areas . Because this did not , I was unable to get the gun close enough to where the rivet needed to be set . I ended up using a stack of metal washers to hole the rivet in place and pulled the rivet shaft out with vice-grips .
 The lights were dated or obsolete . The included instructions were incompleteor not current . I returned for a complete refund .
 From the color which was n't correct to the hold down grommets that were not there , they just did n't even fit . Save your money and do n't be disappointed like we were
 The only issue I have with these floormats is that they are not compatible to the OEM grommet system . The grommets in these floormats are too large and do not snap onto the floor pegs that the OEM mats snap onto so they do not stay in place - they are not the same color as the carpet and are very black on a light colored carpet . I will use them in one position for a day or 2 to see if they can work out ...
 I put this on my 2006 NIssan Titan . As far as I could tell , there was no improvement or change in engine performance at all . I removed it . Instead I installed a Banks Ram Air intake . With that there was a noticeable improvement in engine performance .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 i bought a set from the local auto store and they lasted me less than a month at work , i am at 3 days shy of a month on these gloves and my thumb index and middle fingers on both hands are torn through , and my left ring finger is almost there as well , i bought these in hopes they would be a step up from the cheap 4 dollar ones that only lasted a month and these were actually worse ! i am a tire installer and i put in 40 hours of nothing but gloves and these just do not hold up ! i will say if your doing light work they may be great as they are comfortable and easy on and off , as well as you can work with the smallest of items and not lose your ability to handle !
 Updated
 It seems as if these gloves just are n't made the way they used to be . I should have noticed that many of the positive reviews for these gloves were written way before I purchased a pair . After having gone through 2 pairs in the span of a few months , I can safely say I will be staying away from these and other Mechanix gloves in the future.Not everything is bad . They fit and feel great when new . The problem is their durability , or lack there of . The material of the palm and fingers is very thin and will develop holes if used for anything other than light duty house keeping . I used mine for various gardening and DIY projects , none of which were extensively abusive , and I rapidly wore holes by the fingertips .
 i used these gloves for five days before they no longer even resembled there original state.two days chipping logs , one day moving scrap , and two days digging ; no fingers at all -LRB- even the pinky and ring on right hand had finger tip holes -RRB- and worn to thread on the palms . this is not a durable glove of any caliber.looked good and fit great , nothing but rubbish beyond that . if perhaps you do some light work that requires a little extra dexterity then you might look into this ; but if your hands are your link to your work then skip this one.granted i have yet to find a truly durable glove that fits well and has any level of flexibility . but never have i worn through a new pair in under a week .
 soooooooooooooooooooooooo cheap , soooooooooooooooo thin , so cruddy compared to the last pair of this brand . I would highly recommend not buying these , unless it is for driving a prius or something
 I bought these gloves hoping to use them in cold weather conditions , for handling tools and equipment.These are a good fit and closer to the skin , but they do n't keep the water out . What 's the use of a glove if it gets wet?I am obviously not gon na be using a glove as a decoration on my hand , it is meant to shield my hand from external environment , be it water , fire or cold temperature . And since it rains frequently here in New york , whenever i wish to wear these gloves outside , they immediately get soaked by water rendering these gloves useless .
 i used these like 3-4 times and the fingers already ripped out of them . not durable to any reasonable extent . a common occurrence with gloves . pro series , carhartts , you name it . my cheap dewalts lasted longer . going to try youngstown , ninja , and sealskinz .
 Gloves fit very loose , they do not have velcro tab to tighten the wrist . Not heavy duty , very lite duty . Do not recommend .
 It seems as if these gloves just are n't made the way they used to be . I should have noticed that many of the positive reviews for these gloves were written way before I purchased a pair . After having gone through 2 pairs in the span of a few months , I can safely say I will be staying away from these and other Mechanix gloves in the future.Not everything is bad . They fit and feel great when new . The problem is their durability , or lack there of . The material of the palm and fingers is very thin and will develop holes if used for anything other than light duty house keeping . I used mine for various gardening and DIY projects , none of which were extensively abusive , and I rapidly wore holes by the fingertips .
 Updated
 i bought a set from the local auto store and they lasted me less than a month at work , i am at 3 days shy of a month on these gloves and my thumb index and middle fingers on both hands are torn through , and my left ring finger is almost there as well , i bought these in hopes they would be a step up from the cheap 4 dollar ones that only lasted a month and these were actually worse ! i am a tire installer and i put in 40 hours of nothing but gloves and these just do not hold up ! i will say if your doing light work they may be great as they are comfortable and easy on and off , as well as you can work with the smallest of items and not lose your ability to handle !
 Gloves fit very loose , they do not have velcro tab to tighten the wrist . Not heavy duty , very lite duty . Do not recommend .
 i used these like 3-4 times and the fingers already ripped out of them . not durable to any reasonable extent . a common occurrence with gloves . pro series , carhartts , you name it . my cheap dewalts lasted longer . going to try youngstown , ninja , and sealskinz .
 Two uses and there are holes in the tips of the fingers . the whole point of these gloves were to protect his fingers !
 i used these gloves for five days before they no longer even resembled there original state.two days chipping logs , one day moving scrap , and two days digging ; no fingers at all -LRB- even the pinky and ring on right hand had finger tip holes -RRB- and worn to thread on the palms . this is not a durable glove of any caliber.looked good and fit great , nothing but rubbish beyond that . if perhaps you do some light work that requires a little extra dexterity then you might look into this ; but if your hands are your link to your work then skip this one.granted i have yet to find a truly durable glove that fits well and has any level of flexibility . but never have i worn through a new pair in under a week .
 soooooooooooooooooooooooo cheap , soooooooooooooooo thin , so cruddy compared to the last pair of this brand . I would highly recommend not buying these , unless it is for driving a prius or something
 I bought these gloves hoping to use them in cold weather conditions , for handling tools and equipment.These are a good fit and closer to the skin , but they do n't keep the water out . What 's the use of a glove if it gets wet?I am obviously not gon na be using a glove as a decoration on my hand , it is meant to shield my hand from external environment , be it water , fire or cold temperature . And since it rains frequently here in New york , whenever i wish to wear these gloves outside , they immediately get soaked by water rendering these gloves useless .
 The mats where a bit faded like they 've `` been around for a while . '' But I guess the most disappointing thing is that the mats did NOT come with the holes that fit into the pegs on the floor of my ML500 . I probably need to call the company and complain but I 'm sure it 'll be some type of hassel to get it corrected .
 This particular light is reversed from most trailer lighting fixtures of the same design . Instead on female connections on the lamp it has male fittings , consequently it ' t just about impossible to find except on line . Other than that it does the exact same thing as the most common fixture of it 's type .
 Wheel cover fits well and looks good , but the quality is poor . It 's very thin , but , worse , both sides have seams on the inner plastic layer that are very rough on the hands . I 've tried installing this with various positionings , but there 's no way to avoid these seams . It 's better in the desert heat than no wheel cover , but I plan to replace this as soon as I find a better one .
 i bought a set from the local auto store and they lasted me less than a month at work , i am at 3 days shy of a month on these gloves and my thumb index and middle fingers on both hands are torn through , and my left ring finger is almost there as well , i bought these in hopes they would be a step up from the cheap 4 dollar ones that only lasted a month and these were actually worse ! i am a tire installer and i put in 40 hours of nothing but gloves and these just do not hold up ! i will say if your doing light work they may be great as they are comfortable and easy on and off , as well as you can work with the smallest of items and not lose your ability to handle !
 Gloves fit very loose , they do not have velcro tab to tighten the wrist . Not heavy duty , very lite duty . Do not recommend .
 i used these gloves for five days before they no longer even resembled there original state.two days chipping logs , one day moving scrap , and two days digging ; no fingers at all -LRB- even the pinky and ring on right hand had finger tip holes -RRB- and worn to thread on the palms . this is not a durable glove of any caliber.looked good and fit great , nothing but rubbish beyond that . if perhaps you do some light work that requires a little extra dexterity then you might look into this ; but if your hands are your link to your work then skip this one.granted i have yet to find a truly durable glove that fits well and has any level of flexibility . but never have i worn through a new pair in under a week .
 soooooooooooooooooooooooo cheap , soooooooooooooooo thin , so cruddy compared to the last pair of this brand . I would highly recommend not buying these , unless it is for driving a prius or something
 I bought these gloves hoping to use them in cold weather conditions , for handling tools and equipment.These are a good fit and closer to the skin , but they do n't keep the water out . What 's the use of a glove if it gets wet?I am obviously not gon na be using a glove as a decoration on my hand , it is meant to shield my hand from external environment , be it water , fire or cold temperature . And since it rains frequently here in New york , whenever i wish to wear these gloves outside , they immediately get soaked by water rendering these gloves useless .
 It seems as if these gloves just are n't made the way they used to be . I should have noticed that many of the positive reviews for these gloves were written way before I purchased a pair . After having gone through 2 pairs in the span of a few months , I can safely say I will be staying away from these and other Mechanix gloves in the future.Not everything is bad . They fit and feel great when new . The problem is their durability , or lack there of . The material of the palm and fingers is very thin and will develop holes if used for anything other than light duty house keeping . I used mine for various gardening and DIY projects , none of which were extensively abusive , and I rapidly wore holes by the fingertips .
 i used these like 3-4 times and the fingers already ripped out of them . not durable to any reasonable extent . a common occurrence with gloves . pro series , carhartts , you name it . my cheap dewalts lasted longer . going to try youngstown , ninja , and sealskinz .
 Updated
 I am not happy that this is not made in the USA . The reason I purchased this was the description said that it is made in the USA . I will be contacting Amazon and Gilmour about this . This is false advertising . I suppose I should have read the reviews first and would have found this out . I have not used this so I can not comment on the ability of this nozzel to function . I plan on sending this back .
 I just received my order and these are not made in the USA they were made in CHINA ... I ordered two each of the following nozzles 573 , 573TF , and 593 . They are all made in China . I contacted Gilmour and they said that all their nozzles are made in China now . I purchased these as gifts as I have one that everybody loves , but it was made in the USA . I try very hard to do my part and buy American .
 So you have to take it somewhere to get the acid and water . And if you do n't want to do that , you can not send it back -LRB- as it came -RRB- because it 's hazardous material . How could they send it to me ?
 How stupid ... battery takes a very specific electrolyte . . and it is not included with the battery.I bought this battery online to save me a trip to cycle store 80 miles away . Why not include the battery acid?Stupid customer service
 when i purchased this item , the company who sold it was out of stock . So they shipped me one directly from china . Took a few days and when it got here , everything looked fine , until the install . Bulbs did n't even come close to fitting . After comparing the stock bulbs to the new , there were clear differences . Had to return it .
 First-Looks great looking into the car with the matching seat covers . But-fabric is sewn to the thick rubber cover and therefore is not going to wash easily , already was slightly yellowed when it arrived and will dirty quickly . We 'd purchased another Allison set and that wheel cover was all fabric which can be easily removed and thrown in the washer . I probably did n't read this description closely enough . Difficult to put on the steering wheel and tore about 2 inches while trying to put it on . Smells strongly of plastic or rubber and makes your hands smell . Shipping was excessive-almost as much as the item cost . I guess I 'm spoiled from using Amazon 's free super saver shipping so often-which was not available on this item .
 Not a big fan .1 -RRB- The `` shine '' is n't very shiny - I was n't looking for the `` wet '' look , just something dark & a bit glossy - which this was n't .2 -RRB- Be very careful when applying - getting this on the wheels creates way too much extra work in getting this black paint removed . Maybe I 'm just not detailed enough to use this product , but for ease of use , it gets a 1 star.It 's a fine product , just not one for me .
 Followed directions ... cleaned tires , applied after they dried . Let application dry overnight ... . Next day light rain , barely any puddles formed . Tires looked dull again !
 Not what I was expecting . Looks great and shiny right after application , but quickly fades after it dries . Took at least a few applications to get a lasting effect . Bottom line , I think it does a decent job of making the tires look more black , but do n't expect your tires to look new or shiny .
 Although it is difficult to determine the effectivness of this product in terms of confirming any actual horsepower increase as opposed to the manufarturer 's claims , my basis for evaluating this product stems from the condition in which it was received . Packaged as new , it was revealed that the rubber tubing used to connect the K&N filter to the housing was split . I had to use one of my own hose clamps to secure these two components as the clamp supplied was undersized . In retrospect , it appears that some other customer in attempting to assemble this rubber tubing had to split it in order to attach it as this too was undersized . The metal bracket used to secure the assembled kit to the front of the engine compartment was distorted as well . It was an absolute nightmare attempting to install this product .
 I got a rather rare 1984 Cadillac Eldorado Biarritz Convertible - Triple White . I go to car shows so naturally I wanted this chair - even with the modern logo . Regretfully , I ordered two of these.This chair , flat out , has a poor design . The upper back actually leans FORWARD . You can almost see it in the picture posted here . Time , breaking in , wear , makes no difference.I want to make this clear , again : The back rest of the chair actually pushes you forward and makes sitting in the chair extremely uncomfortable . It 's also quite small and frail . So when you sit in the chair it literally begins to collapse into you and pushes your top torso out even further . If you set the chair up on it 's own and view it from the side , you 'll instantly notice how the top of the chair leans forward . Imagine what it 's like when you add weight to it.Which brings me to my second complaint . This is more a child 's or ladies chair , if they could even get past the uncomfortableness of the overall design . It 's very awkward . Arm rests -LRB- ready for this ? -RRB- actually go UP at the ends because the canvas is n't taunt enough . I mean , how stupid is that?This chair is the embodiment of poor Chinese manufacturing and ineptness . It 's a lousy and torturous design . It 's apparent they could have cared less , and the state side distributor - likewise . Let me put it to you this way ; Imagine winning a chair at a traveling carnival side show . Get the picture?Now if you do n't plan on sitting in the chair , it looks pretty cool next to your rig at a car show . For what that 's worth .
 I purchased this chair and was very disappointed in the size and quality . The chair is definitely not made for an adult as it is quite short and small . The seat and the arm rests are more for a 10 year old childs dimensions , not an adult . The picture of the item is very deceptive as it appears that the Cadillac logo is embroidered on the back when it is more of a `` sprayed on '' application . If I would have had more of an accurate description in the listing to go by or at least a zoom feature I would never of been tempted to order this inferior product.I also experienced a very difficult time contacting and getting a response from this seller about my questions regarding the return -LRB- return authorization number that I needed -RRB- of this item . I made e-mail attempts and waited for return phone calls and I was always the party to have to follow up and try to reach a representative even after leaving a message for them to contact me . I will , with no doubt , avoid any products sold from this seller .
 This product is not what 's pictured . no housing and only one bearing ... not the pair that 's needed.You only receive one side of what 's pictured .
 Factory Carbs are precisely jetted for the stock air cleaner , box , element and exhaust . ANY change to ANY of these parts throws that off and your engine will run awful ! This air cleaner leans the fuel mixture out to the point that the engine will barely run , backfiring stalling etc. . DO NOT mess with any intake or exhaust on these finely tuned machines unless you REALLY know what your doing ! Any changes will require complete re-jetting , something that is difficult at best . With the negligible performance improvement , if any , it 's just not worth it . The factory engineers new what they were doing when they designed the intake and exhaust systems , any changes you make , will only lower performance . Trust me on this , I have to remove after-market parts like this all the time in our shop because no one wants to pay what it would cost to make their machines run correctly with `` performance '' parts . The funny thing is ; no one seems to remember that it was running fine BEFORE they stuck some `` performance '' part on it.Just do your maintenance and enjoy it .
 I ordered the Dashmat under the premise that it was an easy install , being mechanically retarded this appealed to me ... lol ... I 'm sure it would have been easier had the velcro that came with it actually stuck to the dash . I did what the instructions said , clean the dash thoroughly with a mild solution , NO Armoral , my dash had n't seen Armoral in 10 years in fact . So after fighting , sweating , and swearing over the non-sticky velcro I found myself at the auto store looking for industrial strength velcro . After about 2 hours I had it installed .
 The picture shown in the ad was a solo seat rack not a 2 up rack that was shipped.I had to ship the rack to the company -LRB- Motherwell -RRB- to get it changed to a solo rack as was shown in the picture on Amozon.This cost me $ 16.00 + in shipping.I was NOT pleased with your service.Will NOT order again!Had it not been for the nice people at Motherwell I would be stuck with a rack I could not used.Julian Smith
 Ordered what I thought was a pair of front tow hooks that would fit a 99 TJ and received a single hook that would fit a YJ . Promtly returned for a refund . Amazon 's not all bad and have gotten some good deals but they missed the boat on this item .
 front bumper holes are to small to fit the bolts . if you have a stock bumper dont bother with em
 This stuff not only did n't work at all for me -LRB- though I only tried it in one very old Chevette -RRB- , it made things worse.I was always dealing with very foggy/wet interior windows -LRB- especially in wet winter weather -RRB- and tried this stuff out . It just did n't work . And before I could sort of wipe off the windows with a paper towel and I 'd be OK , but now the water would n't wipe up , it just sort of smeared and stayed wet -LRB- like a mix of oil and water would -RRB- .
 I applied it to my glasses as the instructions said word for word and it does not work.~!@#$%^&* -LRB- -RRB- So If you are looking for something to eliminate fog this might not be a good choice .
 This started out as a great little item . I ended up returning it the first time I had to replace the batteries -LRB- about 2 months later -RRB- . Once the old batteries were removed , everything was reset , and I had to reset the time , month , year , and even had to re-calibrate the compass . What a pain , and not worth the money . If I only had to reset the calendar , that would be fine , but having to re-calibrate the compass is a pain .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Overall quality was great but the mounting options are a joke . Comes with two strips of double sided tape that are basically useless on the steering column plastic . Also , there are no holes to connect the OEM leather steering column cover under the instrument cluster to this unit .
 I purchased this tape for my beginning violin students . I thought that having different colors would help the visual learners . The tape comes off easily after a few weeks -LRB- the silver tape is fine though -RRB- . You are better offer purchasing the color tape that is sold at Staples or Walmart . The tape at Staples and Walmart is not cut thin for you but it stays in place .
 As recently reviewed for ` Fingerboard Tape
 To get the dirt out of the filter , you have to wash it about 3 times , and would not completely be clean . On the contrary , the competitors products , with one application , the filter gets rid of all the dirt .
 Talked to the company in length for description . I was sure this was going to be the runner I needed over my carpeted stairs . I have small inside dogs and wanted something that would clean eaisly , but being in my entrance way , it would also have to look nice . This is a cheap piece of very , very , very , thin foam . The only thing I could use this for is a backing under an area rug . It is just too ugly to describe and it does not lay completely flat on stairs . There is always a place not sticking or wrinkled . Pretty expensive for just a days use for movers too . I suggest you run , not walk , away from this one . $ 50 down the drain .
 I 've owned CarpetSaver for 2.5 years and my experience has been different than the reviewer who gave it 5 stars.CarpetSaver can prevent DIRT from getting onto the underlying Carpet as long as you are careful to vacuum it and wash it frequently enough . I 've been vacuuming CarpetSaver once a week and washing it once every couple of months . -LRB- I live here alone and remove my shoes when entering the house . -RRB- Here 's the problem
 The product was not in its original condition . While the ad clearly stated the size , the picture misrepresented it , in that it was the manufacturers picture showing it in full size . It was also listed as `` new , '' which it was n't since it had been cut in half . Would not buy from the seller again .
 The product seemed to be made for a Chrysler Sebring , but did not fit my car . Otherwise the product seemed to be well made .
 Used the system on my ATV to attach my Kolpin gun boot 6.0 . System looks great but within a day broke apart from the jarring motion of the gun boot.Spoke to Kolpin folks who were great . They are sending a replacement but also said the gun boot is really too large and flimsy to be using with this system .
 I bought this seat cover for my car , and it the minute I put it on I was already regreting that I bought this . Its simply too baggy on the top and narrow down the middle . I would expect it to look like the picture on here because it said `` universal '' but it looks nothing like it , save your money and buy a quality 2 piece set .
 I was pleased to find these in-channel vents at about 30 % less than the well known German brand -LRB- which I have on another car -RRB- . However , when I got them it was immediately obvious that these are vastly inferior . Aside from the fact that they were scuffed and very dusty , which was probably due to careless handling , they are made of a flimsy material that seems like it would n't last very long . Also , even though it 's supposedly and in-channel application , these had strips of double - stick tape on the piece that goes INTO the door channel - and that 's a recipe for disaster . Spend the extra bucks for the other brand .
 its thin aluminium or soft metal . hitting with a hammer with a diamond grated edge left marks on the metal . no instructions . poor product .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 Pros
 It fit but that 's about all you can say . Thin metal and cheaply made in China.The hinges are much thinner than the originals and are loose .
 This charger is JUNK , as far as use with an NP-FH50 battery . I received the item and a new retail-packaged Sony NP-FH50 for my new DSC-H100V with the intent to use this charger to keep the extra battery topped-up for picture taking . As soon as they arrived I upackaged them both , reviewed the directions , and plugged the charger in then plugged in the battery . An hour and twenty minutes later the light went green so I disconnected and put the battery in my new camera and it was only about 50 % charged!This charger was originally packaged for use with the NP-FP50 -LRB- an older style battery -RRB- and had a stick-on label added to the packaging indicating that it was also for use with the FH style battery . I beleive you will be a lot happier with the genuine Sony BC-TRV charger -LRB- also available on Amazon.com -RRB- for the newer FH style batteries , I know I ordered one !
 I used this battery charger to charge my Sony camcorder battery once or twice . After that , it stopped working
 Do not buy these struts ... cheap knock offs and make a lot of noise ... worse than what I had on my 2001 Avalon . Had to have them replaced within 3 months and could not return them or get a refund from Amazon ... stay away !!! Last time I buy any auto parts from Amazon or Ebay ... go to your local auto parts store ... at least they stand behind their product . It is not worth your time or money to buy from here .
 One of 3 bolts on top of the frond left strut broke into half when I was tightening it with a very small torque , and made what should be an one-hour work became three . I brought all 4 Monroe Quick Complete Assembly for my Camry 1999 -LRB- frond - rear , left-right -RRB- , the one gave me hard time was the frond left , but I may well put this review for all 4 of them , since 1 out of 12 bolts broken is a very high ratio .
 This was one of four quickstruts ordered at the same time . The other three of the set were fine , and were installed and perfromed as expected . This one part number was installed and produced a loud metallic clunk even on relatively smooth streets . It was removed and returned for credit at no shipping cost to me . The account was credited shortly thereafter . A replacement quickstrut of the same make and part number was acquired at a local auto parts store.This is an example of the kind of situation that can happen when ordering discount priced auto parts from the web . Perhaps the products cost less for a quality control reason . However , due to cost savings , I expect to continue to acquire certain auto parts on the web .
 I bought this gauge to measure the pressure on my beach cart wheels made by Wheeleez . I use this cart to carry my fishing kayak over sand so the tires have to be between 2.5-3psi , very soft . This gauge did n't register at all even though I inflated the tires to the point where they became hard , so I 'm sure they had more than 3psi in them . I could measure the bicycle tires at 4psi but it seems this gauge is not good for anything lower than that . I returned it today and I 'm going to order a different model today . I hope this review will help someone with a similar application .
 I purchased this to measure the pressure in my reverse osmosis system . It does n't measure the PSI at all . I think the problem is with the design of the head that you attach to the stem/valve of whatever you are trying to measure . It just does n't look right and is very cheap plastic . Stay away from this and choose a different product .
 This item worked once installed , but it came with no installation instructions for the CR-V . I suspect that that 's because the CR-V instructions would be too involved - you have to disassemble the interior of the bottom and bottom-left part of the cargo area to get to the plug in the car 's wiring harness that connects to the trailer harness . The seller 's Customer Service has not responded -LRB- not yet , anyway -RRB- , but I found information elsewhere on the internet that enabled me to install it , albeit with some difficulty.As I said , it works well once installed , but I 'd recommend doing your research before buying instead of after , as i did .
 The sun shade does n't stay up on the windshield , also I was horrified that the shipping cost more than the product . All in all , this was a bummer , very disappointing .
 While it was n't a large investment , I would have expected the item to at least be functional . It is n't . Its made poorly so it ca n't support its own weight , and thus will just droop or fall off.Buyer look elsewhere .
 This is one of a kind sun shade . It works as advertised only when it 's placed on the outside of the vehicle 's windshield . It works more like a dashboard cover on the inside .
 A mechanic installed Autolite XP3924 Xtreme Performance Iridium Spark Plugs in my 2001 Toyota Prius , replacing the original Toyota spark plugs with 122,400 miles , thinking they were correct . After one year of use and 6,000 miles , the MPG had deteriorated from 46 MPG to 39 MPG average . When the Check Engine warning lite appeared , I took it to a Toyota dealer for service . They found cylinders three and one misfiring . Dealer replaced plugs with Toyota spark plugs and cleaned MAF . MPG is back to 46 MPG average . The cost of plugs from the mechanic was $ 11.95 each . The cost of plugs from the Toyota dealer was $ 10.37 each . Would not recommend these spark plugs in Toyota Prius .
 I got the package on time and i took my Jaguar stype 2000 model to the garage to change the spark plug.But the spark plugs did not match and so could not be fixed on my car.So if you have a Jaguar Stype 2000 model , this spark plug is not for your car.Ironically before i bought the plug it was said to fit Jaguar S type 2000 model .
 This is my first review and I was inspired to finally start reviewing because this product is complete junk.I picked up the package at the Post Office , opened it , and immediately installed the visor extension on my driver 's side sun visor.In the two miles it took to drive home , the sun visor extension fell off my sun visor twice , just due to gravity ! The cheap plastic clips just do not grip on my thick , padded sun visor.The photo of the product is also completely misleading . The visor extension photo gives you the impression that it 's a darker green color . NOT SO ! It 's a pale , almost lime green color and does absolutely nothing to filter sunlight . This makes it completely worthless to use.It 's also made of a cheap plastic and you can not see accurately through the visor , it 's so bad that it will be dangerous to try to drive while looking through it.Those who rated this item higher MUST have received a different version of this product . The one I received is so bad , so cheap , so worthless , and so awful , that I recommend that you avoid purchasing this item at all costs . Perhaps you may get the `` better '' version , but why play roulette ? You are better off heading down to your local auto parts store and seeing and holding a sun visor extension in your hands to see if it will work or not before you buy .
 This product is totally useless . Trying to deal with this as you are driving may even be dangerous . Not worth it .
 Saw this on the the web site . Just needed something to stop the sun glare for the price I thought perfect , not paying ATT to shipping cost this item was sent by it self the cost for item 5.99 shipping was 8.99 . You can hardly see through the visior next time I will check the reviews on any product I by and the shipping cost to make sure I do n't get rip off again
 The Water Blade works reasonably well on flat , or only slightly , curved surfaces , but not at all well on rounded surfaces -LRB- like fenders -RRB- . The handle has no flex in it , which detracts from the blade itself . the MicroFiber towels are nice enough , but that 's not why I purchased this item . After two uses , I decided to stick with my chamois . I would n't waste the money .
 I purchased one of these Deltran 6-volt tenders in 2009 for use on my Honda Trail 90 . It worked fine that first winter . When I went to hook it up this past fall , it did n't work . To avoid the time cost and hassle , I did n't seek a warranty replacement , I just purchased another one of the same brand and model . When I went to hook it up , bad news . This one did not work right out of the package . I returned it to Amazon and received a prompt refund . I have four of the Deltran 12-volt battery tenders and they are all still working fine after four years . Do n't know what the problem is with the 6-volt model but I will not purchase another one .
 The first one I bought lasted about 3 months before it stopped working . Rather than paying the `` warranty processing '' fee and shipping , which together would have equalled the cost of a new one , I ordered a second . It did not work at all . One defective unit might be forgiven , but a second indicates poor quality control . I returned it for a refund and will try a Schumacher , which has the added feature of adjusting automatically to 6 or 12 volts .
 Purchased this in 2009 and used it for about 5 months . It was working fine until the light went out and the charger quit completely . I tested the charger with a volt meter and there are power but it wo n't charge the battery at all . -LRB- I have tried various methods to ensure positive engagement -RRB- . Finally , I connected the battery on Schumacher SC-600A charger and it worked.I have read review and someone has written that it will cost him 16 bucks to have the battery charger send in and returned on a 25 bucks charger . Save your money and spend it toward something more dependable and no headache . We do n't need to be belittled by company that wo n't stand behind their products.I have more to write but it is not nice so I wo n't write it .
 I waited a week for it to arrive , only to find out , that it would n't work . I plugged it in to my 4-pound scooter/moped battery . When I did , it just lighted green . It was suppose to be red not green . Red means charging and green means done charging .
 I GOT ONE AND IT WONT CHARGE NONE OF 3 BATTERYS SO I SENT FOR ANOTHER ONE AND IT DOSE THE SAME THING
 The product did not work out of the box , no lights no voltage not anything . Very disappointed , I read some negative reviews about the product before I purchased it , shame on me
 Was hoping the chargers I ordered would work as advertised , but am very disappointed . They never charge to a point where they switch to green , indicating that the battery is charged . This happens not only on one battery , but two chargers on two separate new batteries are operating the same ! These chargers were purchased on-line at Amazon .
 This item was Defective after 3 months the red light flashed but no charge . I would not recommend this to motorcycle owners . Get a similar charger from Harbor Feight for under $ 10 .
 I own several of these and the first time I buy one from an online dealer , it does n't work . Charger shows green all the time -LRB- fully charged -RRB- even on dead battery and will not charge at all . Trying to send back , but already installed and used the other pieces it came with on other vehicles .
 I purchased the battery tender jr to recharge my daughters 6v battery for her jeep . It seemed to be a reasonable price at $ 25 . As soon a s I got it I read the instructions and plugged it in . No indicator light came on . Not red , not green , not anything . So I left it plugged into the battery and it did n't charge . I contacted Deltran 's service department and they treated me like I was an idiot not listening when I told them what steps I took and telling me to retake those steps . Then they `` forgot '' who I was so I had to start over with the communication and press for a replacement . Deltrans response was for me to pay to ship it - roughly $ 8 - and include a check for $ 8 to ship it back to me and maybe they would replace or fix it . Why should I pay almost as much as the new item to get a replacement for your faulty product . Their customer service sucks and I will never deal with them again .
 Have to send it back . It does n't charge . Hopefully they wo n't give me any crap . If they send me another that works , I 'll rewrite this review ... lol
 I 've used a battery tender for my 12 Suzuki for years - it works great.I ordered one for my old 6 Volt Yamaha and installed it in January.I thought it was working but did n't have time to ride etc. till I checked it out now.The charger obviously never worked!Now AMAZON wo n't accept it back because it 's been more than 30 days.OK my faultbut that 's pretty chintzy AMAZON!I spend thousands here on line and this is your response?not a big expense - but - wish Amazon was as good as COSTCO ! COSTCO is GREAT and have a no questions return policy !
 Good charger . Works well . Bought this for a VW and used it last winter . Went to put the battery back in the bug and it would not hold a charge . Dead cell . Do n't just plug it in and come back a few months later . I did on a new battery and the charger had boiled the acid out of the battery . Dead cell and i had to buy a new battery . The other battery was only a year and half to 2 years old . It charges well and i think worth the money but do n't just leave it on for long periods of time . Do n't trust their advertiseing . Said something to the company and they gave no response at all .
 Received one for a 12-volt and one for a 6-volt . The 12 volt works fine . The 1st 6-volt did n't work . Received a replacement which we just put on the tractor and it does n't work . Now have to return and get another replacement . Hopefully they 'll check to make sure the 3rd one works BEFORE they send it .
 Amazon is becoming eBay . They sent a returned item that was previously installed and was missing pieces and ripped from previous buyer . It 's dirty to list something new and sen them a returned item .
 I purchased the Battery Tender 4 bank charger-maintainer in June of 2009 through Amazon . Its primarily use was to maintain batteries in my motorhome . After 9 months of continuous use one bank quit working . The unit was listed as having a 2 year warranty , but when I called Deltran Corporation I was advised there was a $ 25 evaluation fee , even though it was still within the warranty period . There was nothing in the instruction booklet that prepared me for this . It showed the length of warranty for each of their maintainers , but no mention of evaluation fees . I was politely told that this information was posted on their website . Their website indeed showed the `` evaluation fees '' for each of their products . Basically all repairs are free for the first 90 days , after that you have to pay the evaluation fee . This applies to all the Battery Tender chargers-maintainers . Since the repair , there has been no further problems . It has been in use now for 17 months . Would I have purchase it had I know about the goofy warranty ? NO . I am not bummed out about the failure of the unit , `` things happen '' , but I am with regards to the warranty . My advice would be to visit their website and completely understand the warranty before you purchase any of their maintainers .
 The reservoir and Cap are NOT , I repeat NOT !!! included.Seller
 As the title states in my opinion these should not be used on your daily driver . Car vibrates at idle now that comes through the steering wheel as well as other parts of the car . When the weather warms up , these will probably be jerked out and replaced with new OEM mounts.Don ' t stray away from OEM parts .
 i used these gloves for five days before they no longer even resembled there original state.two days chipping logs , one day moving scrap , and two days digging ; no fingers at all -LRB- even the pinky and ring on right hand had finger tip holes -RRB- and worn to thread on the palms . this is not a durable glove of any caliber.looked good and fit great , nothing but rubbish beyond that . if perhaps you do some light work that requires a little extra dexterity then you might look into this ; but if your hands are your link to your work then skip this one.granted i have yet to find a truly durable glove that fits well and has any level of flexibility . but never have i worn through a new pair in under a week .
 soooooooooooooooooooooooo cheap , soooooooooooooooo thin , so cruddy compared to the last pair of this brand . I would highly recommend not buying these , unless it is for driving a prius or something
 I bought these gloves hoping to use them in cold weather conditions , for handling tools and equipment.These are a good fit and closer to the skin , but they do n't keep the water out . What 's the use of a glove if it gets wet?I am obviously not gon na be using a glove as a decoration on my hand , it is meant to shield my hand from external environment , be it water , fire or cold temperature . And since it rains frequently here in New york , whenever i wish to wear these gloves outside , they immediately get soaked by water rendering these gloves useless .
 It seems as if these gloves just are n't made the way they used to be . I should have noticed that many of the positive reviews for these gloves were written way before I purchased a pair . After having gone through 2 pairs in the span of a few months , I can safely say I will be staying away from these and other Mechanix gloves in the future.Not everything is bad . They fit and feel great when new . The problem is their durability , or lack there of . The material of the palm and fingers is very thin and will develop holes if used for anything other than light duty house keeping . I used mine for various gardening and DIY projects , none of which were extensively abusive , and I rapidly wore holes by the fingertips .
 i bought a set from the local auto store and they lasted me less than a month at work , i am at 3 days shy of a month on these gloves and my thumb index and middle fingers on both hands are torn through , and my left ring finger is almost there as well , i bought these in hopes they would be a step up from the cheap 4 dollar ones that only lasted a month and these were actually worse ! i am a tire installer and i put in 40 hours of nothing but gloves and these just do not hold up ! i will say if your doing light work they may be great as they are comfortable and easy on and off , as well as you can work with the smallest of items and not lose your ability to handle !
 Gloves fit very loose , they do not have velcro tab to tighten the wrist . Not heavy duty , very lite duty . Do not recommend .
 i used these like 3-4 times and the fingers already ripped out of them . not durable to any reasonable extent . a common occurrence with gloves . pro series , carhartts , you name it . my cheap dewalts lasted longer . going to try youngstown , ninja , and sealskinz .
 Two uses and there are holes in the tips of the fingers . the whole point of these gloves were to protect his fingers !
 Updated
 I bought these running boards , thinking that Lund would make a quality product , but I was disappointed . I have quite a bit of experience installing car and truck accessories , so I was able to overcome some shortcomings , but it was a little frustrating . These boards are made with a very light gauge aluminum . I had to do some trimming on the end of the board in order to get a proper fit . This was n't too big a deal , since the light gauge was easy to cut . The instructions are poor . They say to mount the brackets to the running boards , then attach to the truck . This is pretty ridiculous , since there are NO predrilled holes in the boards , but the brackets attach to existing holes in the truck . The only logical way to install the boards is to mount the brackets on the truck first , then mark and drill the running boards as needed . There was a lot of hardware provided . However , much of it was not needed . On the other hand , they failed to supply some nuts , which were needed . I have a good supply of hardware on hand , so that saved a trip to the hardare store . Stainless steel carraige bolts are provided to attach the boards to the brackets . You must pull the square shank of the carraige bolt into the user drilled -LRB- round -RRB- holes . This was impossible to do with the supplied nylock nuts -LRB- which were NOT stainless steel -RRB- . Using a plain nut -LRB- not supplied -RRB- facilitated this process . As a tip , I recommend using some antisieze or at least some oil , on the stainless steel threads to prevent galling . It is not apparent if there is any sort of anti rust coating on the brackets - they appear to be unfinished steel . Time was running short on this installation , so I went ahead and installed them as is . I expect that I will have to remove them at a later date to paint them , time will tell . If I do remove them , I think that I will also add some aluminum angle underneath the boards for some added stiffness . I had to do a bit of trimming on two of the mounting brackets in order to mount them in what I considered to be the optimal position . I will say that the running boards do look good when installed . They nicely complement the aluminum treadplate boxes on my aluminum flatbed , which is the main reason I chose these particular boards . I would consider their strength as just adequate . I weigh about 210 pounds , and I definitely feel some flexing when stepping on the boards . If you want these boards to fit properly , be prepared to spend a bit of time on some trimming and fitting . If I had it to do over again , I would have paid a bit more , and bought boards from Ford . I would have ended up with stronger boards that fit as they should , and probably would have installed in 1/3 the time .
 Had one for a Camaro years ago and liked it and wanted to get on for my Mini Cooper . Not pleased at all ! Lasted just about three months and fouled up the finish on the car . Not the LeBra of the past !
 well , it did n't work for me , tried on hard plastic parts of interior of my suv , scratches still there , any recomentation ?
 After my oil change I saw that the color of old oil was very dark.It seems that the filter did not do its job well.Waste of money .
 Plain and simple do not buy it , was the worst product I have ever bought in AMAZON.Poor workmanship and construction dont trust your life with these rails .
 Tool Crip ships this in the Porter Cable box . The box is thin cardboard and so when it arrived the box was almost in pieces . UPS had also dropped the generator and the frame was bent , spark plug was completely broken off , generator mount was bent , they really did a number on this one . Tool Crib was not very responsive in giving me a specific time to pick it back up and could not assure me I would not have the same experience on a re-shipment . I 'd buy this item locally and skip Tool Crib given my poor experience with them . No one seemed to care or was concerned about my problem with their poor performance .
 My issue is with Amazon 's order processing . . I cant comment on the quality of the product since I was not able to fit this product to my car due to the fact that I ordered and paid for 6 spark plugs and received only 5 . I can not understand how amazon made an error like this . There is no complaints department within amazon website in relation to an order.I could n't report to Amazon about my complaint.This is the first time Amazon made an error and I was very disappointed with the fact that as a customer you cant even find a tool on Amazon website to report a major error in an order.I would like amazon to rectify the error and post me 1 spark plug that I paid for . . thanks
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 This mat , while it is made of nice quality carpet and is bound on the edges , does not fit my Yukon 2nd row seats well at all . It is simply a rectangular piece that should be 3 '' longer on each end to reach the door sill , which is the area that gets the dirtiest !
 Ai n't the first of these I 've bought . had one , then got a nelson rigg , then tried to go back to the teknic . I guess that unfortunately they musta changed their supplier to an even seedier sweatshop somewhere in asia , cuz the kid that was supposed to heatseal the adjustable velcro tab at the wrist forgot to plug in the machine before starting his 18 hour shift . I touched it and it peeled away like it was put on using butter as glue . So maybe I ought to be mad at the dairy farmer that sold the butter to the sweatshop guy in a bucket labeled glue . Returns are super easy with this seller and amazon . I had to retire the original coat b/c it looked so bad from so much use that it was just moa embarrassing to wear it than show up wet . yeah yeah , I cant spell too good , get a hobby , ainokea .
 I saw many conflicting reviews , but figured for the price I would take the risk . The suit was definitely not worth the money . The pants leaked the first ride . The suit is uncomfortable and feels of low quality . Although I do n't have any experience with other rain suits , I would recommend looking at some suits in person . Good luck
 The crotch and inside leg seams ripped apart the first time it was worn . Not a very happy experience with this product .
 I got a couple of these to put in my cars , because I think that plugging a tire on the car is usually a better choice than using the compact spare . I 've used the kit twice , for a lawn mower and a motorcycle tire.Having plugged a lot of tires over the years with a variety of tools I will note that this particular kit is difficult to use because the tips are oversized and lack precision -LRB- they 're dull -RRB- . That means that a great deal of force is necessary to insert them , even when lubricating the tips with cement . That is particularly true on steel belted tires , and on high ply count tires . The plastic handle is not particularly strong and will not withstand the gorilla-like forces necessary in some cases .
 Broke the first time I used it . The screw cap that holds the plug tools in is made from a relatively soft metal and with very poor tolerances . The plug tools pull right through the metal cap and out of the T handle . I wound up using a pair of vice grip pliers instead of the T handle to finish my single repair . It 's a fundamentally flawed product .
 Not everything fits into the handle , like it leads you to believe . You end up needing to store it in something anyway , if you want all the `` stuff . ''
 Got this for my wife to fix roadside flats . She had one in the driveway and cold not get any tool through the nail hole .
 Plugged the unit into my motorcycle battery to test it . It worked for almost 1 second before it quit and never worked again . Worthless piece of junk . Do n't waste your time or money .
 *** PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT THE PICTURE SEEN ABOVE IS NOT REPRESENTATIVE OF THE ACTUAL PRODUCT ! *** I just purchased this kit and received it from Amazon . The Slime 22038 product being shipped ONLY comes with the following :7 - Piece 's
 As other comments indicate there are additional pieces with no explanation on what they are for . The tips are larger than need be and it makes the repair difficult but not impossible.The main flaw with this kit is the brass screw/cap on the t-handle that secures the tip . The hole is over-sized and very thin/flimsy brass . After inserting the plug , the tip pulled out of the handle -LRB- through the brass cap -RRB- when trying to remove it . I got the tire repaired , but wo n't be able to use it again .
 I purchased this as a compact emergency plug kit to carry on a motorcycle . The plug insertion tool is supposed to be held securely in the handle during use by the brass compression ring . The hole in the brass compression ring is too large , allowing the insertion tool to pull out of the handle very easily . Anyone who has ever used a T-handle tool l similar to this will know that a significant amount of force must be used to remove the insertion tool from the tire once it and the plug have been inserted . As produced , the example I have will never work as designed . The packaging I received differs slightly from that in the illustration . On the upper left front corner in big print it says `` Satisfaction GUARANTEED '' I 'll be contacting Slime & take them up on it.I would suggest avoiding this tool . I believe the Dynaplug tool is far superior to this poorly made Slime tool.UPDATE
 The kit included one rasp , one needle tool , three plugs , and no knife . Also , Amazon treats this product as too hazardous to be returned . I hate false advertisement and will probably stay away from both Amazon and Slime products in the future .
 Why make a product like this that 's just kind of so-so ? For 10 % more effort they could have made it 50 % better.-the instructions do n't explain why there are three different devices to thread the sticky stuff into the tire.-the sticky plugs do n't fit in the handle ! Make them half an inch shorter , or make the handle half an inch longer . Easy ! - the kit includes rubber cement . For ... ? No explanation at all.-the capper on the handle to hold all the stuff is this spring loaded swing out thing that does n't stay closed . Just make it a simple pop-in cap.-I bought two , for different vehicles , and one of them came without the rasper tool.Most of it is silly stuff , but why not just make better stuff ?
 The picture of this product is not just deceiving it is false advertising .1 . There are only two tools in th ekit .2 . The handle with the screw on end to hold the tools `` DOES NOT '' , yes the tool pulls out , yes , useless if you stick it in a tire to do what it was designed for .3 . It only has 3 of the gummy worms and there is no knife .4 . Do not purchase this being when you find out the above you ca n't return it .
 Horrible product for any car . Please do your home work about cars before you do what I had . Do n't by a G-force chip either . If you want more power then pay the money needed , but there are some very reasonable companies out their . Oh yeah , and the seller was horrible as well
 I bought these for my o6 Kia Sorento , they fit the back door windows ok , the front doors they seemed to be longer than they had to be . I did not like the fit or look , plus they were not streamline to the window likethe set I ended up with .
 the part where you plug into the car lighter broke as soon as i used it.i just didnt want to bother sending it back .
 Bought one , lasted about a year . Bought another , died a year later . Tire has slow leak so it was used to top up -LRB- 5 minutes -RRB- tire about once a or twice a month .
 Two things ruin this device :1 . The 300 PSI gauge . This means your window of interest -LRB- 30-40 PSI -RRB- is about 2 millimeters in size and two tick marks . So you have no granularity for reading the tire pressure .2 . The valve stem clamp is a hard plastic . The first time I used it , the plastic formed to the stem threads and then would n't come off . I had to really muscle it off , with the tire 's air escaping the whole time.I recommend finding a different one .
 I bought this to keep in my car i used it to blow up a couple of swim floaties and it broke big piece of crap
 This was a cheap poorly engineered product right from the start . Became very hot through normal use , to the point where inflating one normal sized car tire would cause faint smoke to come out of the air vents . After inflating two low tires on my Honda Accord the compressor siezed from its own heat , never to work again . Get a different product .
 Got this product a month ago , today first time needed to use it . Light comes on but the compressor did not work . Tried to return the product to amazon but unfortunately return product window has expired . I guess you get what you pay for it . If you still opt for this product make sure to test it upon arrival if not happy or non-functional return the product immediately .
 Woke up and saw my tire was flat ... almost on the rim ... went to another low cost store -LRB- Sorry amazon -RRB- to get an inflater.well to make a long story short it took longer then 12 mins to pump up one tire to 32 PSI when the tire needed 45 PSI and it started smoking , made a poping sound and started loosing air from the tire through the compressor ... I lost the recipt so this went in the trash after 1 tire ... NOT a good deal !!
 I 'm surprised how these companies can make such a piece of garbage and put it on the shelves . After taking this out of the box and plugging it in to the 12V outlet , the compressor did n't turn on at all . After messing with it , it started to work but promptly began to smoke heavily and shake around . When unplugging it from the outlet , the part to plug in was so hot it burned my hand . Never will I buy another Slime product .
 I bought this compressor because of the Slime name , which I expected to provide a quality product . This compressor is weak . It only pumps up to 30psi before it stops pumping -LRB- not 300psi -RRB- . I still have to finish off my bicycle tires with a hand pump .15 years ago I bought a $ 20 compressor and it lasted until last year . Last year I bought a super-cheap $ 8 compressor . It lasted a few months . I thought by spending a little more I would get more , but I do n't expect this one to last very long either . It is just a cheap piece of junk with a name-brand that people trust so that you are fooled into buying it . What a waste of money !
 I bought this as a replacement for a compressor I had for many years . I used it maybe 4 times and the clamp interior was chipping off already . Therefore , it would n't inflate the tire because it could n't clamp down tightly . I only had it for about 4 months before this happened . Now I have to buy a new one - I 'm definitely getting a different brand . I certainly got `` Slimed '' by buying this cheap piece of junk . If possible , I would give this zero stars . Save your money !
 extremely cheap feeling . the gauge was not accurate and was not fully attached to the inside of the case . its quite loud and vibrates violently . light is not very bright . it does , however , inflate tires . its a little slow , but it works . i used mine for about 2 weeks and returned it . just didnt seem like it was worth the money .
 Had it for about 8 months and I only used it three times . The third time was the charm % & * # @ # * & ! and it never worked since . Invest your money in a better quality model or another brand .
 These pumps are being sold by auto parts stores under the name Victor as well . They are the exact same pumps but are painted gold . I 'm not sure what that is about.I developed a slow leak in a tire so I bought two of them ; one for my car and one for my wife 's . Right out of the box , mine showed a wildly inaccurate tire pressure . On a good tire it hovered around 5psi whereas two trusty stick gauges that I have used for years both showed 30psi . It did however inflate the tire about as well as any other $ 20 pump I have owned , and the lights worked -LRB- but were very dim -RRB- . I went and checked my wife 's and it had the exact same problem but on hers you could hear hissing as air was escaping somewhere in the pump . Both were brand spanking new . Give me a break ! What a bunch of junk !
 This is a very low quality device . The part that connects the end of the hose to the valve stem of the tire has a plastic neck that breaks off very easily . Getting the hose to connect properly to the valve stem is also a problem since there is a rubber gasket inside the connector that grabs the threads of the valve stem and seems to get in the way . This also makes it very difficult to remove the connector from the valve stem and hence the `` breaks off easily '' statement above.This is really not worth the money since when you need it to work , you really need it to work . Spend just a little more money and get a better made unit . This was really a waste of money .
 This Slime COMP03 air compressor should not be listed on your website . It run for 18 min.to go from 30psi to 35psi on one tire . The noise level was unbearable . The light was just ok , not bright , but air came on the light when dead . After one tire I gave up and put in were it belonged , the trashcan . The name should be Shame not Slime .
 This pump lasted less than two minutes before the compressor broke . Slime will not honor the promised one year warranty .
 I bought 2 of these . I tried using one , it takes forever to inflate a tire ... I had it running for 10 minutes . It barely inflated the flat tire . The instruction said do not use continuously for more than 10 minutes and wait 30 minutes before using it again . It will take hours to inflate a totally flat tire . I returned both of them.One more good reason to buy from Amazon ... `` returns ''
 I bought 2 of these from Slime due to the compact size . The first one ran for a whole 2 seconds before it started smoking . The cable to the 12v plug was very hot . Good thing I was watching it or it might have caused a fire . I did not try the other one and returned both of them . I have used the Campbell Hausfeld -LRB- $ 50 on Amazon -RRB- for several years . The only problem with the CH was that the 12v internal battery did not last long . But that 's no problem since I use the 12v adapter . I 'll stick with the CH . You do n't wo n't to be stuck with a low tire and all you have is this unit from Slime .
 I like the fact that it has a long chord so it can be plugged into the lighter and has a long reach . Works fine . Great to have in an emergency kit.UPDATE!This item is JUNK !!!! I used exactly 2 times and it died . The 2nd time I was using it , it started smoking and the seized up . That was it . I wish i could give it ZERO stars !!!!
 It 's very weak , it does n't have much power to it ! Very disappointed and wish I had n't bought it !!!!! 2 stars -LRB- Only because it got here quickly -RRB-
 Overheated on first use , took forever to pump one car tire from 28 to 32 psi . Broke on 3rd use , so I took it apart to see if there was any way of fixing it . Engineering flaw was immediately apparent - a piston arm used to convert the circular motion of the motor into a pumping action of the air cylinder was notched , probably to compensate for another engineering flaw that unexpectedly made assembly at the factory difficult -LRB- you 'd have to see it to understand what I mean , it 's a really idiotic problem and they 've `` solved '' it with an idiotic solution ... -RRB- . The notch was large and with minimal wear had become large enough to allow a pin from the motor unit to slip out . It 's a terminal defect and impossible to repair . Also ... the air compression cylinder is only about 5-10cc , so with each pumping action you get almost no air - that 's whay it takes forever to inflate anything . I ca n't imagine how long it would take to inflate a beach toy ! Anyhow , this compressor has a fatal design flaw that will guarantee breakage with minimal use . Not good for something that 's supposed to be handy in an emergency . I had an old inexpensive Campbell-Hausfeld compressor that must have lasted for 20 years and was used to inflate everything . These inexpensive 12V air compressors CAN be engineered to last . I 've ordered another Campbell-Hausfeld with slim hope that it will last as long as the one it 's replacing .
 it is very slow to fill a tire . the attachment piece to the tire is made of plastic and not very durable . it is much smaller than others so that is a plus for me cause i carry it in my car .
 Over the years I have worn out a few DC pumps and this one did not last a year . All the ones that I had in the past were cheaper and lasted longer -LRB- years -RRB- ! I will not be buying any Slime product in the future ...
 try another one , this stopped working after using 3-4 times.also it don ; t have auto system.and measuring is analog . try digital one .
 I bought this to replace my last pump that had finally died after 5 + years . The price was right ... or so I thought . I made the mistake of not testing it when it arrived . I came up with a slack tire and found out the hard way that the pump was DOA . Brand new out of the box would not power on .
 Did not work at all . Failed to inflate tires and the gauge was inaccurate . Noisy and shakes a lot . Returned .
 The name says it all
 The door to the storage compartment falls off due to design , the gauge is not accurate , and it takes FOREVER to inflate a tire . I have been using it for inflating bicycle tires and air mattresses so far . The first time I tried to put air in my tire -LRB- 50psi -RRB- , the pump burned out just over 40psi . It is extremely light duty .
 You get what you pay for . I got my money back for this piece of garbage after it left me high and dry . Bought it about a month ago and tried to use it 2 days ago . Nothing . Only thing it did was make a lot of noise . Whatever happened to quality . I guess quality costs more than $ 19.43 .
 Pro
 I inflated four car tires and was happy with the product until I pulled out the connector from the car lighter . I touched it and it was so hot that it burned my hand . I returned it to the store immediately . I 've used these types of inflators before and never had this problem . Be careful when using the product .
 Takes a while to inflate a tire but can wake up entire neighborhood especially if you need to use it beside daytime .
 It 's way Too Noisy !!! It makes a 86 dbl noise , which means it WILL damage your hearing !! This is the only bad thing about this pump ! Otherwise it 's GREAT !
 I have a slow leak -LRB- non-repairable -RRB- in a mini-van tire . The tire requires 32 psi and has to be aired up every few days . The instructions say not to run the compressor more than ten minutes without a break . Apparently , ten minutes is its max as after 12 minutes the diaphragm blew out and the tire started LOSING air . Fortunately , the store where I bought it took it back as defective . On to the next one !
 the product works as described . However , it is too loud with a disturbing operation . I am returning it !
 I just got this tire inflator and when I went down to the garage to pump up the tires , I was disappointed to see that this device actually has an amperage requirement to work properly ! I have two relatively new Hondas -LRB- 08 Pilot and 06 Civic -RRB- and neither of them seem to comply with this device . Their power outlets are rated 10A , whereas this device needs a 15A minimum . So actually 12V is not the only requirement for this compressor to work , it needs to be coupled with proper amperage.I contacted the manufacturer -LRB- Slime -RRB- and the customer representative responded to me saying that the device might work -LRB- or blows the car 's fuse -RRB- but there is no guarantee that it would work with less than 15A . So basically I ended up in a `` try at your own risk '' situation having bought this inflator.I am returning this item sooner . I would also suggest Amazon.com to put in more detailed product information for this item . I would n't have bought this item in the first place if the amperage requirement was listed here .
 I may have used this thing 2 to 3 times at best since I bought it back in May 2008 and the inside of the seal has already ripped up so that I can not even get it to attach to the tire valve . Can I say ` Rip Off ' ? Look elsewhere and pass this one up !
 The team arrived defective , the light does not light , I am not satisfied at all , the compressor works well , too bad.thanksEnder
 I had this air pump for about a year now . I had use it about 5 time since then . The unit is now useless ... it will not air up my tires anymore . It will start , then make all the pump noise like it use to , but no increase in tire pressure . I had to use my old beatup walmart $ 10 12v air pump to finish it off . I had that pump for about 10yrs now , and it 's still working today . The only reason why I bought this slime air compressor , because it had a pressure guage and light . If not for these features I would not have bought this crap . My mistake was assuming that this would last as long as my old compressor . . wrong ! Do not waste your money on this junk . Not very reliable .
 Pros
 Once I purchased this compressor I thought that it would do the job . It makes a loud noise that even my neighbors noticed that . Secondly , it takes a long time to inflate the tire . Hopefully you do n't make the same mistake that I made .
 I bought this thing because my old one has screw driver like handles on it and it kills your hands . The firsd time I used it the handle came off when I tried to pull it out of the tire . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I bought this product at a truck stop this summer for emergency inflation of 5th wheel tires and for my truck . The max I would need would be 80 psi . but when I tried to top off my spare starting at 30 psi up to a respectable 65 psi , the compressor sputtered , smoked and stopped at 59 psi . IF 300 psi influences you in any way to by this product , stop now and build your own . I could do a better job my self with a foot pump . If anyone finds a reliable 12v tire air compressor or horn air compressor and it is made in the USA , let me know .
 Bought it and gave it a try . Seemed to be okay for emergency use . I carried on my bike for a couple of years before needing it . The chuck would not seal on the tire and the end result was loosing an additional 10 psi before I stopped trying.I tried it again at home , under friendlier conditions . Still could not get a seal . I suppose I could try to find a better chuck , but I do n't want to discover some other cheap failure when in need.To the junk bin .
 OK , bought for a motorcycle . So I have sent one unit back an await another . The hose pipe is flimsy for sure and the chuck is total crap . I wanted to add 2psi to a tyre that was sitting at 32psi . By the time I was done I was at 20psi and ended up going to the gas station . The chick did not stay on , it flew off when air came rushing out the tyre . The chuck gets stuck too and is made of some seriously crap metal . I am figuring the replacement is going back as well . You want a real bike pump ? They cost 100 bucks ... go search for it.Edit ... The replacement showed up in a day , got ta love Amazon . Too bad the pump is crap . I 'm not sure what all the good reviews are or if the manufacturing changed , but this one is cheap and crappy . No way the chuck will hold up.A pump is 100 bucks for a reason and not 30 . Check out CyclePump
 The beautiful packaging is in full contradiction with a product that , in a way , just ca n't work . I connected the unit to my battery with the cables provided . It could not reach the left-rear tire on a standard-size sedan ! OK , so I plugged it into my in-car power outlet to try it out . The chuck was difficult to attach to to the tire valve -- and especially difficult to remove . -LRB- I was concerned that I would break the valve . -RRB- In any case , after a run of two minutes , the tire pressure was DOWN a pound and a half ! I also noticed that the inflation hose was especially short . On my SUV , if the tire valve ended up in a topmost position , which it did on one tire , the inflator dangled ; it could not touch the ground . When I decided to return the unit , it was impossible to repack the cables in the little plastic sack provided -- which did not surprise me because I could barely get them out . All in all , quite a disappointment because I really wanted this to work . Also , I have the feeling that this is really designed for motorcycles and should not be sold for cars , which is an application noted by the manufacturer . -LRB- I really hate to say this , but the product 's brand name took on special meaning to me . -RRB-
 Had this unit for about an hour -LRB- before I returned it -RRB- ... took 5 minutes to put 4psi in one tire and the unit was dangerously hot during that process.It would not be possible to use this unit to fully inflate a single tire before the excessive heat shuts the unit off .
 Long Story short . I was on the Dalton HWY in remote Alaska and punctured a tube . This compressor worked for exactly 6 seconds and decided it had had enough . I tried the cigarette lighter adapter and the battery cables . The compressor was finished . Left me on the side of the road in bear country for 3 hours with nothing but a motorcycle and my charm . Cant believe this is that bad of a product . Look at other website reviews for this product . They are horrible . I should have listened .
 I purchased Slime Power Sport Inflator in the Spring . Tried it to be sure it was working , but did not need much air at the time so did not test at length . About six weeks ago , a low tire pressure light came on in car , so I checked air pressure which was about 5 psi low in all tires , and used inflator . Took 2-3 minutes to boost pressure just 1 pound . Called Slime and was told that could happen , because the higher the pressure in the tire , the more resistance to the inflator , which they told me is not that powerful . I called a week later , was told that that rate was too slow , unit was probably defective so they agreed to send replacement at no cost . Just received yesterday so have not yet used . But if rate is too slow , your unit could be defective . If new one works at fasterrate , then it is worth it . If still too slow , it is not .
 I should have gotten the one with the built in air guage . The connection for the air steam on the tire is difficult to secure and remove without losing air pressure .
 The Slime motorcycle tire inflator is a bare-bones minimal pump , lacking a crucial piece - the display gauge . Imagine spending so much and getting a pump shipped to you without a gauge . I need to use some other gauge to check the pressure . Also it inflates ok under 25 PSI or maybe 30 PSI , but after that I just ca n't get it upto 35 PSI - takes forever for higher PSI inflation . Should rate it a 1 really - guess I 'm giving it a rating of 2 just because I bought it and do n't want to feel too bad that I 've wasted money on it .
 Too expensive for something that does n't properly keep time.Find myself adjusting time every two weeks.Also very loud second ticker that can be heard over my Diesel engine !!
 My car does not come with a clock and I thought this is the best thing since sliced bread when I installed it . Autometer comes highly recommended by my frat of racing friends . I simply love the high contrast face and sleek aluminum bezel . I even custom made leds to replace the lamp so it lights up orange at night.However , the clock barely lasted 3 years . The hands just fell off , literally . For this price , which is more than even a voltmeter , I expected it to last as long as my car at least . Additionally , the clock loses 5 mins every month which is worse than my cheap watch . If you want something that lasts and keeps good time , this is not a product or brand I would recommend .
 Does not fit on the antenna of a 2012 CVO Road Glide . The clamps are two small . I used the holes and put in on with some zip ties I bought at Home Depot . the kit is unnecessary . Can do the the same with any flag
 thay shiped me wrong part back in mid sept. im still walking and waiting on refund . 20 i saved buy not going to napa wasnt a deal after all.thay simply dont know thair parts.way to long to corect .
 Very cool looking , I put them on my bike and they are sweet . Fast shipping . Good product !
 We bought two dashmats on Amazon for two different cars . The other one was so badly done we had to send it back . This one only had one flaw , a silly 1 `` x6 '' flap that was mis-sewn and hung wrong . No matter how long you let it sit , it would never look right . We folded it under and now the dashmat looks ok . Maybe cut it off someday and resew the piping to make it look like a professional job.As I 've said in another review , Dashmat products we ordered on Amazon do n't seem to be the quality they once were . I 'm looking at other brands from now on .
 SENT THE WRONG ONE-RETURNED IT - FOUND IT CHEAPER AT A DIFFERENT WEB SITE-GOT THE SAME BRAND -LRB- DASHMAT -RRB- OTHER SITE WORKS GREAT NO PROBLEMS
 I ordered one of these for my subaru - did n't even come CLOSE to fitting properly . It 's the usual cheap automotive grade carpet as well . Avoid and get something you can see in person and make sure fits .
 We returned them because they were of very poor quality . We are waiting for a credit to appear on our credit card statement .
 Very low quality telescopic bulbs , not the same as the ones pictured on the Amazon site . Bulbs do not stay in a fixed position on low beam but vibrate up and down and in and out . On high beam bulbs do not move far enough back so that HID capsule aligns with slot in the shield.There are even Typographical errors on the outside of the box `` FOR AVOIDING DANGEROUS , PLEASE ASK TECHNICIAN TO INSTALL `` Made in China
 I bought this kit thinking I was going to get the JLM hid kit but instead I got a hid cool , so i decided i was going to give it a try and 2 months after I bought the lights one of the engines stoped working I contacted the seller and never heard from him again i lost 125 $ in that transaction so beware
 I ordered two of these for my 2007 Saab 9-3 Aero -LRB- 2.8 V6 -RRB- . I expected better from K&N. ; These are the exact same filter as AC Delco . If you have an Advance Auto Parts -LRB- or other auto parts store -RRB- near you that carries both brands , check them out and see for yourself . The quality of the media is poor compared to the OEM Mann/Hengst filters for my car . The media was discolored with what appears to be black spray paint . There was also an excessive amount of sloppily applied glue down the seam.On the plus side , I like that they 're made in the USA .
 I purchased this to put on top of my car 's leather seat for comfort and protection of the leather . This is not for cars with leather seats . By the time I sat in the car the cushion had shifted to the point of being uncomfortable . It simply would not stay in place . The strap that goes over the back of the seat slid all the way down and the other two straps for the bottom of the seat were useless . I got so fed up I ended up tossing it in the back seat and now my dog seems to love it !
 The product was n't too bad for the price , but it is way to small for the seat . And my car is a Mazda Protege . What 's that tell you ?
 It can not be fixed to the seat tightly . I think in summer I will remove it .
 I PURCHASED THIS PART BECAUSE I TRUST IN AMAZON BUT THE REALITY IS THE PART IS DIFFERENT THAN ORIGINAL ONE ; RUBBER COMPONENTS ARE MINOR DIMENSIONS THAN ORIGINAL PART , LOOKS LIKE THEY 'RE GOING TO ACROSS STABILIZER BAR HOLES -LRB- IF YOU HAVE SEEN AN STABILIZER BAR YOU 'LL UNDERSTAND WHAT I MEAN -RRB- NOW , EVERYTIME I DRIVE OVER A RAMP OR ANY HOLE ON THE ROAD , I HEAR THAT SOUND LIKE AN OLD DOOR . I PURCHASED THIS ITEM TO IMPROVE MY CAR RIDING BUT THE RESULT IS A MESS . I CLEANED AND LUBRICATED MY CAR CHASSIS BUT SOUND CONTINUES .
 Seat looks good on paper , but it impossible to install in any car , Mine is a Honda and I could not figure how to install it and had to make-shift by trying to use it doubled over . That did n't work either . It kept slipping off the seat . I wouldm ' t recommend it to anyone that I liked . I feel like it was money wasted . If I had returned it , it would have cost close to the price I paid for it for shipping .
 Sold as an ergonomical seat . This is not true . It is very thin and does nothing for your back .
 This was not at all a product which you will ever want to buy ... the way it looks in pics is completely opposite ... I would rate this 0 out of 5 and 2 out of 5 if somebody will update with new pics which can give exact view of the product ...
 This product is very simple , shortly after he broke one of the clips on the seat and it was hard to put on the seat .
 I bought this for my daughter for her car . She did n't like it because it was stiff and uncomfortble
 The actual colour was nothing at all like the color displayed online . I would not have ordered the product if I had had a true image of it .
 Why am I not happy ? 1 . Either the directions were incorrect or it did not come with all of the straps described in the directions to tie it down so I had to improvise .2 . I 've had it for less than two weeks and the stitching is coming apart - not just a little bit - a lot ! 3 . It is really not the color that the picture leads you to believe it is . I have a gray interior -LRB- like the seat in the picture -RRB- and this cushion is tan with brown trim .4 . I 've already purchased a different cushion from a different company as a replacement .
 THIS PRODUCT SHOWS A MOUNTING TAB ON IT , BUT THE ONE I RECEIVED HAS NO TAB . SO HOW DO I MOUNT IT ?
 The `` rear '' floor mats were HUGE . I had to jam them under the seats - they are MUCH , MUCH bigger than they appear in the advertised photo . I have a 2007 Nissan Murano and they were supposed to fit - they do n't .
 Received the sunshade a couple of days ago . It 's not a stiff flat design as shown in the picture , but rather of the flimsy bubble wrap type.It 's very cheaply made and I do n't see it lasting more than maybe one summer . Sure , it works as a shade but in comparison , so would a rectangle cut from a cardboard box.Definately not worth the $ 15 + I paid as these `` bubble '' type shades can be found in most autopart stores , Target and WalMart for well under $ 10 .
 Imagine a sheet of bubble wrap wrapped in a thin reflective material . Now imagine trying to keep that upright in your windshield . If you ca n't imagine it , then just buy this product , because that 's exactly what you 'll be getting . * Maybe * this would work if your vehicle windshield happened to match it precisely . We have a 2006 Corolla , and this sunshade was too short vertically to cover the whole windshield , and yet too long horizontally . Not that it would matter , because it is so flimsy that even if it were big enough it would still collapse . But it is a pretty color and will look great in a landfill .
 It is not what I expected ... It is too short in height but too long in length . It is not firm enough so it does n't stay in place and it is hard to put on the window . It is already breaking down and collapsing in middle from the heat . The sides are separating -LRB- golden and silver side -RRB- .
 This is the worst ! It is so lightweight & flimsy that it takes forever to try & stand up on the dash . Even trying to secure it with sun visors in car - it still falls . It is suppose to fit a sedan - my car is 4 door lexus sedan . Would never recommend to this brand to anyone !
 After approximately one week of use , this sunshade has begun to delaminate . The best way to describe its construction is like bubble wrap -- one side is a silver reflective material , the other side is gold both are very thin , mylar like material . Along many of the edges , extending up to six inches inward , the two layers are separating . This should n't affect how it works but might affect the lifespan of this as the loose thin layers are more likely to get snagged/torn during normal use.Though it is `` Jumbo '' sized , it does n't fit the height of my Volvo XC90 windshield very well -LRB- too short -RRB- though the vehicle is listed on the package .
 I bought this at Target and regret spending $ 15 . This thing does not stay upright and does not cover my accord in height . In height it is short of almost 6 '' . It covers the length of the front glass shield and is slightly longer . I tried attaching flexi pipes so that it would stay upright but due to awkward construction and positioning of the front shield it is hard to keep those flexi pipes upright too .
 When I placed this order I specifically ordered a shield for a 2007 Hyundai . I was sent one for an '06 which would not fit . I sent it back and received another one for a ' 02-06 ' . I have been assessed $ 45.47 in return charges for something that was NOT my fault ! I guess I 'll find another site to order from.I 'd like to give it zero stars , but it would n't let me !
 This is really a cell phone holder . You can squeeze an Ipod in it , but it 's a tight fit . They should make the opening a 1/2 inch wider and it would be a perfect fit . Okay if you do n't want your Ipod on your passager seat .
 Advertised for a Passat wagon - and did n't fit the grommets . The box label was for another model of VW . Returned for refund .
 Coverking gave Amazon the wrong information for these floormats . Do NOT buy them for a 5th Generation Passat Wagon , as they are meant for a 4th Generation Passat Wagon ! I bought these mats for my 2003 Passat Wagon -LRB- which is a 5th Gen wagon -RRB- , and the passenger side mat is way too wide for my car . The width between the holes of the passenger side mat is quite a bit wider than the width between the pegs on my Passat , so the holes of the passenger side mat do NOT fit on the pegs in the car.I had to email Coverking photos of these mats as well as of the original mats that came with my Passat , and this is what they told me : `` It looks like the item you ordered is for 1998-2001 . If you have a 2003 , then you would need pattern
 This is absolutely the wrong Brake Drum for the Isuzu Axiom 2002-2004 . The Bolt holes line up perfectly but the center hub hole does not fit , it is too small . I called and sent pictures with measurements to Beck Arnley and they agreed it was defective . I returned item back and received replacement , same thing . I called Beck Arnley again . This time they checked 60 units that were in their warehouse and found only one with the correct measurements . The part number on the Drum is an old part number that has been superceeded with a correct fitting drum from the isuzu manufacturer .
 This reservoir does not fit 88-94 Chevrolet GMC full size trucks as stated . Not even a close fit , may fit the other listed application .
 This does not fit a 1989 Chevrolet K2500Engine
 when i got my product everything looked fine no broken pieces . i had it installed -LRB- paid -RRB- to realize that it didnt have the right connector to hook up to my 05 lincoln ls . so i had to pay again to have it taken off and pay again to have it shipped back . needeless to say i still havent found the piece i need at a resonable price .
 First I ordered it with the prime two day shipping . That was good it came as promised nicely packed and all . Everything was good until i went to put a bolt on the top of the front rail , the screw thats made into the thing just broke off !! so now it works with just the two bottom screws but theres also some funny crinkle noise coming from it when i let it all the way down . I think tonight im going to contact someone about it and see if i can get an exchange soon , I need it replaces asap cause its starting to get rainy around here
 The 2003 lincoln LS , for some reason , changed its window regulator mid year . They are completely different and not interchangeable . I was sent the wrong one -- TWICE .
 Do n't bother to order if you have a 2003 Lincoln LS . A 2003 Lincoln LS has 8 pins that connect the regulator to the power supply . THIS ONE HAS ONLY 2 . so what good does that do ? Except to send back for a refund .
 I matched all up and looked good . even was told by amazon it would match . i got part and had mechanic do expensive home call and he showed , item did not match , as the new one had a pigtail connector with 3 pins instead of a straight plug type.with 8 pins which is on my car .
 You may wish to read this before purchasing this product.Note that no oil treatment is recommended by any auto maker or automotive oil company.Consumer Reports Article ExcerptThe surprising truth about motor oilsJuly 1996 , pp 10-13 . Purveyors of motor-oil and engine `` treatments '' assert that their products offer engine protection that oil alone ca n't provide . In our most ambitious test project ever , we set out to discover whether such claims are fact or fancy.One way to gauge the performance of motor oils is to test them on the road . We did just that , using a fleet of 75 New York City taxicabs . Indeed , the oil industry itself tests its oils in New York City taxis.For 22 months , we tested the performance of 20 popular motor oils . We also tested Slick 50 Engine Treatment and STP Engine and Oil Treatments . ... Testing Slick 50 and STPWe also tested Slick 50 and STP Engine Treatments and STP Oil Treatment , each in three cabs . All three boast that they reduce engine friction and wear.The engine treatments are added with the oil -LRB- we used Pennzoil 10W-30 -RRB- . They claim they bond to engine parts and provide protection for 25,000 miles or more . We used each according to instructions.The STP Oil Treatment is supposed to be added with each oil change.When we disassembled the engines and checked for wear and deposits , we found no discernible benefits from any of these products.The bottom line . We see little reason why anyone using one of today 's high-quality motor oils would need these engine/oil treatments . One notable effect of STP Oil Treatment was an increase in oil viscosity ; it made our 10W-30 oil act more like a 15W-40 , a grade not often recommended . In very cold weather , that might pose a risk of engine damage . ----------------------------------------
 Item described and pictured is NOT the item received . Buyer beware . Do not order from this company . They ca n't get anything right .
 After installing these lights they were not very bright at night , could hardly see at all . Then after only 2 days of having them in one burns out . Cheap bulbs , you get what you pay for .
 Ibought this hose because it was 20 bucks cheaper , and the end had fitment issues . identical to the old hose but differant end
 This is actually black magic just simple tint . It is not anything the description says so do n't buy it if you think its going to be the static cling removable tint!EDIT
 This film was delivered to me in good packaging . But upon removing it from the packaging i discover how wrinkled it was.Secondly with all the tools and tint soap the tint was the worst to put on . I have done alot of tinting in my days and this tint by far is poor quality and not worth your money .
 This vendor needs to check with the customer to see what vehicle the bulb will be used in . They sent a bulb that would not work in my vehicle and they do n't stock a bulb that would work . I was out shipping and return shipping expenses that was more than the cost of the bulb .
 Came in on time , but did n't fit and they refuse to return my money or even take a few minutes to look for a solution .
 This thing is flimsy and arrived scratched . It has rained once since i got it and it 's already rusting.Keep looking and avoid this .
 Do n't let the picture fool you , these carriers look like a decent carrier in the pictures - but ... -- It 's a complete waste of money -- , in my opinion . It 's extremely cheaply made , hit and miss and very poor welds and just overall a very * light duty and poor quality * carrier . The expanded wire mesh floor on it is waaayyyy too light and thin as is the upper and lower tube rails as well . One of the top rails had been bent in shippment and all that was required to straighten it was to grasp it with one hand and give it a yank . That 's how light duty this thing is made!It 's rated at 500 lbs . and a person * might * be able to carry that amount w/out any problems if it was all equally weighted and evenly spaced stuff with no sharp areas against the expanded metal floor.I would have been very nervous in putting anything other than a very small/light generator on it as an example ... I think it would 've tore through within a few short miles on anything other than very smooth pavement.I completely re-made it using much heavier material as should 've been used originally . The rebuild added another 20 or so pounds of weight to it but at least now I can carry my generator now and other misc . crap without any worries.Unless you plan on carrying only light soft type of stuff ... , spend a little more money and get something of higher quality.D . Walker
 The box containing this item had none of the nuts , bolts , etc. listed in the assembly instructions . I contacted the seller , who told me to contact the manufacturer , which I did . I should have just returned the item then , but it was big and heavy . The manufacturer seemed responsive , although they were clearly exasperated -LRB- with me ? -RRB- by the second phone call . I did receive the parts -LRB- with two items still missing ! -RRB- after two weeks and multiple phone calls . I was told three times I would be called or emailed about the status of their attempt to provide the parts , and did not hear anything two of the three times .
 I purchased this item to augment the cargo carrying capacity of my Highlander . It does that , but it is of typical `` made in China '' quality . I used it to tote coolers and Rubbermaid tubs totaling about 100 pounds and it worked fine but I would not put any heavy items in this as the floor is fabricated from very light expanded metal mesh . It was cheap enough but you get what you pay for . Do some research .
 I bought this intending on using it for the little bit of extra space I need for a long trip . Terrible idea . I got the box today and it looked like it had already been shipped to 3 different people -LRB- and maybe it had been -RRB- and returned . I opened it and sure enough , no instructions , half of the pins were out of the plastic bag they come in and rattling around in the box . Still , it looked easy enough to put together , so I went for it , however one of the pins was bent and you could not make the thing go together . Maybe if I had hammered away at it , I could have gotten it to work , however it looked like someone else had already tried that unsuccessfully . Also , the metal was detached at one of the points where the grid meets the sides . Not a huge deal since it is n't a structural piece , but given the rest of the issues with this thing , very disappointed overall both in the quality of the construction and in Amazon for shipping something to me that has clearly been returned by other people before . Others have spoken of Valley 's excellent customer service , wish I could comment , but without an instruction manual , and not being able to find them on the web , I had no one to contact except Amazon , which I did only to request a return pick up .
 The company sent me a used carrier when I purchased a new one . I am very disappointed . If I had wanted a used one , I would have bought a used one . I had obviously been assembled , used , disassembled , and put back in the box . There were obvious scratches caused by the wrenches . I had to paint the entire unit to make it presentable . I will never purchase anything from Valley again .
 Box arrived all broken up . The reversible bar is missing and the basket has a broken weld . Did n't work had to be returned .
 after purchasing this item I realized that tying down the cargo was not my thing ... a few weeks later a friend of mine showed me a new product he had purchased called the CARPOD . It is basically the same concept as this basket , except that it has 22 '' high sidewalls so I do n't need to tie down anything . Another cool thing about it is that all four sidwalls fold down and so it 's much easier to store than this basket . I returned the item and purchased a CARPOD . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I opened the box up for the Valley 90590 Hitch Cargo Basket and I was a little disapointed in how light duty it is . Everything about it except for the 2 inch bar seems week . I also found that one of the Supports underneath the unit had only been Tack welded on and had broke loose I am going to take it to a Fab shop that I know and see if they can fix that , and maybe add some strength here and there . I just thought it would have been a stronger unit . Lets put it this way I would not try to stand on it accept maybe over the 2 inch tube but not on eather end I think it would just bend right down . We are taking it on our vacation and I hope we do not have any problems with it . I do not think I would buy from this Company again .
 My mistake was being too trusting when I received an obviously repackaged unit . When I went to open three weeks later in preparation for a trip , I found a manufacturing defect by which Step 1 of assembly could not be accomplished because of mismatched ends . The unit had obviously been returned previously , and instead of being culled , was simply repackaged and sent back out . Highly irritating . The packaging was so tight that the box could not be reused , and the time/effort/expense of a return was not worth it to me . I will go buy local or from another company that is hopefully more trustworthy .
 I was excited to purchase this hitch basket a few months ago , and thrilled that it was eligible for Prime shipping . When the basket arrived , it was HUGE - even bigger than I expected , but almost exactly as wide as my Jeep , which was perfect . I put the basket together - the basket itself comes in two parts which attach to the center `` yoke '' . This particular basket would not quite fit properly . only one of the two `` Valley '' plates included in the packaging , which are designed to not only add branding and appearance , but also to assist in holding the two basket sections together would fit . The other would not fit because the two frame pieces would not fit together completely flush . I figured that this was a minor problem , and not worth returning - there were several bolts and another plate holding the basket together - it seemed sturdy . Plus , shipping this thing back would have been an absolute nightmare due to its size and weight , I 'm not sure it would even fit in my car.So now , about 3 months after my purchase arrived , I am attempting to use it for the first time . I do n't have a regular need for hauling items . I was extremely disappointed to find out that the hitch/yoke is so poorly manufactured that it will not work properly with my 2 '' hitch receiver . The hitch slides easily into the receiver , but then the pin absolutely WILL NOT go all the way through to properly secure the basket to the trailer hitch . It seems that the holes on this product were drilled unevenly and they do not match up w / my receiver . This is a problem w / the basket , as I have used other items with the receiver hitch without incident . Not only will the pin not fit through , but the basket sits very much at a slant , so that even if I could secure it to the vehicle , any cargo would slant and slide to one side.The workmanship on this product is absolutely terrible . The pieces do not fit together properly , and the holes are drilled so poorly that it is unusable with a receiver hitch . I now have a $ 100 + piece of scrap metal that is completely unusable -LRB- it is unsafe to use if it can not be secured to the hitch -RRB- , and too large to do anything else with . Thanks Valley for having absolutely no quality control , and thanks Amazon for not checking the product out before shipping .
 I guess my biggest dislike is that this `` Deluxe '' hitch mount Cargeo Basket does not fit the Valley Tow 91190 Deluxe Basket Folding Shank that I bought for $ 99 . One would think that a product from the same company , `` DELUXE '' would be compatable , NOT . I 'll keep it becasue I need it now . But people get it some where else . Valley tell me I 'm wrong and how to make it work !
 The item works ok , but beware . I set up a return for the original as the box was mangled on arrival and the basket had scuffs and dents . The replacement arrived in worse condition ; same problem with the box . As they '' re heavy and difficult to repackage , I kept the original item somewhat unhappy and had to send the replacement back . Bad customer service .
 Item arrived having obviously sat in water for a long time , long enough to stain the edge of the box it was sitting in and to allow the hitch to push through the corner of the box . In addition the hitch had become rusted about six inches up from where it was touching the water . As this is advertised as being sold and shipped by Amazon , I will put that blame on them for the poor storage and rusting.For the rest of the problems , which appear to be manufacturing ones , the rails looked like someone had scraped them along cement or something equally abrasive , removing the paint down to the metal . I have some Rust-Oleum I can use to cover the bare metal , but do n't think I should have to do that until I do the damage . The pieces of the basket do n't fully connect , that is they push together , but where you would expect them to fully seat together the male piece only extends about halfway . The basket is rated as 60 '' x 20 '' but the rounded corners prevent a rectangular box from taking advantage of that entire space and the bolts that are used to hold the pieces together reduce the width by 1/2 '' each side so you really end up with a space that 's about 58 3/4 '' x 18 '' if you have a rectangular box that is not flexible in its side . As well , if I had a cargo bag I was using in the basket I would be worried about the bolts puncturing or tearing it . We reversed the bolts on the side of the basket that faces the truck and gained a little room . But , we did n't on the outside edge because we were worried about getting scraped by them as we moved back and forth . The bottom of the basket has the part that slides onto the hitch and is bolted down . That piece is much wider than the hitch meaning that if you do n't hypertighten the bolts the basket does n't sit firmly on the hitch . The diagonal supports that come from the side of the basket to the part that hooks onto the hitch are not evenly spaced with one touching the hitch connection and the other a good 1/4 '' away . Finally , the hitch piece rattles around when connected to the hitch . I know there is supposed to be some play in there so you can get it in and out , but I 'd say without measuring that there is a good 3/16th 's of an inch leeway and that let 's it rattle pretty good ; more than when I 've towed trailers . I 'd return this if I had the time but I do n't and will just hope that it makes it through this one trip . For all the reviews I read that liked this product across the web , I have been very surprised , and disappointed , at what seems to be a product that was not constructed or cared for -LRB- before being sold to me -RRB- very well .
 This arrived and it did not work . It also appears to be of very cheap construction . It did not work with a plug adapter either .
 its no good , it do n't wert a doller and a piece of rag could do a better job , thats the truth .
 This vacuum was working great upon opening as i began to suck up crumbs in my van , but halfway through vacuuming , a mere 5 minutes , the vacuum died and has yet to turn back on ... do not waste your money , will certainly be returning this item .
 I returned this to the store . It 's no bargain . I did better with hauling out my shop vacuum to clean the car . No suction . No power . Nada . This auto vacuum qualifies as an example of that fine vintage adage `` You Get What You Pay For '' . I could n't get it to pick up crumbs in the car . Yes , it 's easier to pick up crumbs at a sleazy singles bar in the city than it is to use this piece of junk . Coming to a landfill near you .
 I have a Toyota Corolla 2010 . Then , I have this little vacuum that did not work at all . You ca n't say that there 's something wrong with the car or its car lighter . My car is newly purchased and the car lighter is 12 volt.The vacuum was a defective product.For potential consumers , purchase it on your own risk . It 's $ 20 anyway.If it 's okay for you to spend casually , buy me one too.But , now , I 'm just going to get my refund . Peace out . One love .
 the item didnt work . i thought it was easier to throw it away an get a new one than go through the trouble of returning it . Cheap item . dont waste your money .
 This is indeed a bad product for the low price - the quality of material that it is made of is cheap plastic . The cable is n't good either , and the first use produced a smell similar to that of ` burnt ' wires.It did pick up some dirt , but I would n't recommend the same for the reasons including being noisy , smell of cheap plastic , and does n't get to the trunk either .
 Item does not work ! That 's awfull ! If you sell , please , sell & send items that work ! Do not send bad items !
 I was really hoping this would be sufficient for vacuuming my seats and mats , but the suction power is horrible . It wo n't even pick up dog hair from the seats . I still have to bring my regular house vacuum out in the garage and use that to vacuum .
 I bought one at the auto parts store . I found this web listing while looking for the company to complain to them . I test my car 's anti-freeze and thought I was good to go . I then rinsed it if clean fresh water in the sink and guess what I learned , my tap water is good to -40 * F . This thing will give a 5 ball rating to any thing you test it on .
 It did not work , just on and off the doors but the alarm is not activated or disabled . Send an email to the four technical advisers and only one answered but I still could not be put to work.I put in the jar of thing does not work .
 This cover was an excellent fit to my 2002 Prius . That 's the good news . The bad news , this cover is not built to last . Within a couple of weeks of use , I 've noticed places around the edges where it 's wearing through . If you 're not careful you can easily poke a finger through it . Water seeps through when it rains .
 They do fit my 1997 Chevy S10.The incredible thing is how bad the quality of the item is.The bolts that you use to mount the bottom parts that sit on the axle are junk . I REALLY did break the bolts in half tightening them down with two box end wrenches . I had to run to the hardware store to buy `` real '' bolts that includes washers locking type and nuts at grade eight level.The originals are not even rated . . The so called u-bolt clamps ? Nothing more than bad exhaust clamps ; that is all they are.One broke and the spring was `` spit '' out and almost nailed the car behind me . . I stopped found it and threw it in back of the truck ; then pulled out the floor jack and removed the other one.I went to an exhaust shop ; yes really and bought `` quality '' exhaust clamps that are used on buses.Re installed them so far they are still there.Granted these cost under 30.00 ; BUT bolts and nuts including quality type and clamps do not cost that much extra.My advice is replace the original bolts and clamps BEFORE you install this item . . Even better I am considering tack welding the spring bracket to the top of the axle.The directions are a joke.I installed the spring where the stop bumper is inside of the top end and again the bottom spring with the bracket sitting on the axle.I jacked the whole back of the truck up by the frame ; not by the axle ; you want it to hang down.You can leave the wheels on f you have room or remove them.ALWAYS chock the front wheels from rolling and ALWAYS use jack stands . . If you do n't and the vehicle moves and no jack stands it will fall killing you . .
 Did n't fit my car , did n't fit my boyfriends truck ... Not sure where it would `` help '' but it did n't help the Chevy S10 Pickup truck UNLESS there was a load ... if empty , they had to be removednot worth the money
 The item I received did n't look like what I ordered . It was very low to the floor , the picture of the man with his arm on it while driving is misleading . I returned it . I thought for the price and after reading the reviews I would be thrilled . It was worth maybe $ 35 but not $ 100 !!
 I bought several of these filters for MK4 Volkswagens . I own a 2001 TDI , but do a lot of work on other people 's cars , so I like to keep several on hand . I had been using the NPN -LRB- China -RRB- brand , as that was the only available option from my supplier . When I noticed they had Bosch , I figured I could not go wrong . I 've used Bosch products for years , and have never had a problem . Well , I guess there 's a first time for everything.Simply put , the product does not fit as described . If you look at the side of the filter , there is an arrow to indicate the direction of air flow . If you attempt to install it the `` correct '' way , the frame for the filter does not fit . If you flip it over for the incorrect air flow , it barely fits . I had to peel the glue off the sides of the folds to make it fit properly , and even then it was a stretch.I called Bosch USA , and they had an independent company call me back to tell me that I had the wrong filter for my application
 This filter is supposed to have activated carbon imbedded in it for the purpose of absorbing odors . It can only absorb a finite amount of odor starting at the time of manufacture . Therefore , it should be hermetically sealed at the factory to prevent it from absorbing odors before it is installed by the purchaser . The one I bought was just stuck in a cardboard box . It may have been stored for months in a smelly warehouse full of , for example , new tires . I do n't believe it could absorb as much odor when I purchased it as it could have absorbed when it was manufactured . The improper packaging makes it no better than a plain filter in my opinion .
 Shipping cost taken from Mars planet , item after 200km stoped working ... first and last buy from amazon .
 Even though it says it will fit 2005 BMW 530i , it does not . This is for earlier models only . The package was very flimsy and include only 2 cabin filters -LRB- rectangular shape -RRB- . The picture made it look like it comes with the other filter , but it does not . I returned it .
 Title of review says it all . Do not buy this filter for a 2004 BMW 545i as it will not fit .
 I used the product fit selector and says it will fit my car and then when i tried putting it in , it wont fit my BMW 545i 2005 . Product was returned and ordered the Mann - Filter brands instead .
 I called Deer Alert -LRB- Custom Accessories , Inc -RRB- 2 weeks ago at 1-800-962-6676 and left a message on a woman who works for customer service 's voicemail . I explained that one of the whistles didnt have a hole through the back , so it wouldnt work . I gave her my phone number and explained the problem . Still no call back . I went and bought from another company .
 This item was sent to me with one of the , broken they said they would send another then never did
 I bought these seat covers on 6/30/09 for my jeep . I am writing this review on 8/29/09 , just less than 2 months later . Out of the box i was thrilled . Then the fist problem . The plastic clip that holds the bottom cover tight just snapped . No big deal , easy fix.Now for the problems i cant fix.I can already see the purple haze starting where the sun is bleaching the black out out of the fabric . I live in IL , not a sunshine state . I also have the top up with usually the doors off . They really never just sit out baking in the sun.Next problem i have is the biggest . They fit perfectly . Snug but not too snug . But after this 2 months i can see he seams on the back of the seat are stretched and pulling the threads through . eventually they are just going to tear at the seams . not too surprisingly now i have the same problem on the front . On the drivers side seat right on the face of the upper it has started the same stretching at the seams . Now it looks like a 6 inch long area that someone stretched panty hose over because the material under the top layer tore away and left the thin top layer the only thing holding the seam.Understand please , I am not trying to beat up on the seller . I knew what i was getting into with a cheap neoprene seat cover . Thats why he got 2 stars . I just expected at least a year out of them . I may not get 6 months .
 I was trying to save a few bucks and it backfired as it often does . These mats are very flimsy , do n't stay put , and tend to bunch up around my feet which can cause issues and hazards when trying to focus on the pedals . I hear the clear version is a little stiffer and might not move aorund as much , but the black and gray ones have the same issues .
 I was trying to save a few bucks and it backfired as it often does . These mats are very flimsy , do n't stay put , and tend to bunch up around my feet which can cause issues and hazards when trying to focus on the pedals . I hear the clear version is a little stiffer and might not move aorund as much , but the black and gray ones have the same issues .
 The reflector is very poor quality . The height adjuster failed after the second turn . Because I had n't saved all the packing materials it was not returnable.Save your money by buying the right part from a quality manufacturer ... TOYOTA
 The reflector is very poor quality . The height adjuster failed after the second turn . Because I had n't saved all the packing materials it was not returnable.Save your money by buying the right part from a quality manufacturer ... TOYOTA
 the starter looks great . clean and well built . amazon said it would fit my car but it actually didnt . other than the fact that it didnt fit im sure the starter wouldve worked fine . I cant say that though because now i have to return it .
 The seller of this item is getting a bad rap because of his supplier and he does nothing about it . The size XL helmetI received was no more than a medium , if that . I sent it back and heard no more from the retailer . I also ordered a pair of leather pants from this same supplier in size 44 so that they would be big enough to fit over my regular pants . What I got was a size 36 that was marked as a 44 . I sent the pants back and never heard another word from this same retailer . I hate to mess up a guys business , but this is totally unacceptable . Lots of money wasted on shipping wrong sized items back and forth
 This productr was advertized as safe for car finish . However , it is not and is only for metal areas like wheels , etc. .
 I bought this after going to the junkyard & pulling an idle speed control & it not working right . This unit began to stick & not allow a proper idle after 9 months . A year after purchase it was completely dead . Out of desperation I took this unit apart & discovered it is a cheap aftermarket . It is NOT AC delco . After taking apart my original ISC I could tell a difference between the OEM & this . The OEM is three times as heavy & the plastic gears inside alot more sturdy . Once I had them both apart I discovered hard greasy crud in the original . I cleaned & lubed the original & it works like a charm . So $ 101 spent on this & its garbage . I might as well went to the strip club with that money!Also the bracket was bent 90 degrees from where I needed it & they failed to drill out one of the mounting holes !
 I purchased this for my daughter to put on her first car , She loves anything with a rebel flag . I was disappointed when she opened it , it looks like it was used on the one side it has little bubbles on it like it is going to peel .
 This is advertised and pictured as coming in a wooden case and it 's supposed to be digital . Neither is is true , It has an analog counter , which while it is easy to read , is not digital nor acurate . Every time I measure something the reading is different by a few thousands of an inch . It 's cheap in cost , not just quality , and accurate enough for what I need it for so I 'm going to keep it , but I would not recomend this to any one for no reason other than it 's not what they claim it to be .
 Very disappointed and decided to return.This micrometer is not digital . It is an analog micrometer . It also does not come in a wooden box as described , the box is plastic .
 This is a review for the cargo mat . This is the second one I purchased and it does not fit . I searched the make/model/year and trim of my vehicle and found the matching item on your web site but the mat is too big - I have a 2006 Jeep Cherokee with the 65th anniversary trim , the mat is too wide . It would be helpful if the item description contained width measurements ! I did n't want try three times on ordering another mat -- I am not a satisfied customer .
 I got sold the hype to and bought enough RP for 4 oil changes in my 2006 Lincoln Town Car . There was absolutely no difference in gas mileage and what may be perceived as a boost in horsepower is the fact the RP is a racing oil that was never intended for daily use according to my mechanic who works on some of the most exotic cars ever built . So because I was foolish enough to switch from Mobil 1 to RP mu motor now has internal noises and a clatter that was never present before . That has now improved since switching back to Mobil 1 but do n't by this garbage unless you 're doing some competitive racing . There is may excel but I would never put this in any daily driver . And BTW ... , I have n't spoken to a single mechanic who endorses this oil , STAY AWAY FROM IT !
 This is not a real motor oil . It is refined vegetable oil.This is a type 2 or 3 `` synthetic '' oilI was very disappointed when I put this in all 4 of my vehicles , and very soon after -LRB- about 5,000 miles or so -RRB- they all developed leaks . The shop that put it in all of my cars has been in business more than 35 years and are going strong on the corner of the 101 and vista way in Oceanside , Ca . The owner was shocked and told me that i was n't the only customer with these kind of complaints , and stated that other customers were burning oil when they never had a problem before . so most people try this stuff and love it right away , and then go out to make a review before they see the problems . Much like a full tank of gas seems to make a car run better in ones mind -LRB- or a clean car -RRB- these do n't have anything to do with a vehicle running . This oil is nothing more than refined and dyed vegetable oil . This oil will shorten the life of any motor and it burns off or creates leaks because of its structure.More than being a huge money maker for the team who markets it as a high performance product , this oil will soon find itself as part of a class action lawsuit . Read the forums online and you will see for yourself . Mechanics will tell you the same thing - stay away from this product and be careful when buying `` synthetic '' type 2 and 3 oils
 I orderd this product after reading some of the reviews . I received it very fast but the cutouts did not match my dash . They seemed to be a inch or so off . I think it shoud be a little longer in the front as well . Also did not receive the velcro with it .
 I ordered a mat for my '06 Mustang . When I pulled it out of the box it looked all wrong . Further investigation revealed the mat I had been sent was for a Dodge Truck . I would have given the mat a higher rating had I been allow to EXCHANGE the mat for the correct one but this is not an option . Your only option is to return the item for a refund , the refund was relatively quick and easy . Rather than try again I chose to check a local auto parts store and found the same mat at a much lower cost BUT the shipping time was nearly two weeks .
 This dash mat does not fit our dash . Some of the cut outs are correct but many are just a little off . This item will be returned .
 Royal Purple 15w-40 diesel oil is suppose to be a multi viscosity oil however it acts like a pure straight weight.When the cold engine is just started at about 40 degrees outside you get too much oil pressure like 80 PSI.When the engine is warm on the highway the pressure drops below 30 PSI.This means it truly acts like a straight weight oil and not a 15w-40 . I changed oil only after about 500 miles on it because I did n't like the high pressure when the engine was cold and the low pressure at highway speeds . I put in Castrol Techion 15w-40 and I get 65 PSI with the engine cold and 57 to 60 PSI on the highway with a warm engine . 30 PSI higher with a hot engine on the highway than with the `` magical '' Royal Purple . Royal Purple oil is also drastically over priced as well . I wo n't recommend their Diesel oil for sure after my experience with it . Further more there was absolutely no difference in mileage or horsepower as Royal Purple claims . I 'm done with the `` magical '' Royal Purple diesel oil . JR
 I bought a pair of these for my Load Warrior basket . It 's not obvious from the specs but these are thin plastic covers with a metal lock . Some leverage with a screwdriver should break them off . They 're better than nothing but pricey for what you get . Try buying one pair and not two as the manufacturer 's description recommends and see how you like them .
 The keychain itself looks sharp . I was very pleased when I received it . I did n't want it to get too worn , so I put it on a set of keys that gets very little use . After about 2 months of ownership , it broke ! The screw holding the pendant on to the swivel stripped . I plan to glue it , but given the option , I would not have purchased it had I known it would break . Looks awesome if you plan to hang it on a hook and leave it there , but I 'm assuming that 's not your intention .
 I have 2 complete Yakima rack systems and I am fed up paying so much for their accessories like Q clips -LRB- $ 23 for 2 little pieces of metal -RRB- or plastic bar ends -LRB- $ 8 for 4 plastic bar ends -RRB- . I went down to Home Depot and bought a package of 4 1 '' black rubber chair ends for $ 2.39 . Take that , Yakima !
 end caps should be included with the cross bars ... they are only pieces of plastic that provide Yakima 's advertising . the product shipped from the east coast to Oregon . by the time I paid for shipping each cap cost me about $ 3.50 each . Even after using them for only a month , I noticed one of them had cracked and was about to fall out . This is n't indicitaive of most Yakima products . I have n't tried it , but it seems a champagne cork would work as effectively , and drinking the champagne would be an added benefit ... times 4 .
 These are pretty lame end caps . Be very careful inserting then into the crossbars . I used a rubber mallet and some silicon caulk as a lubricant and sealer . Two of the caps cracked anyway . Yakima could do much better . If the caps allow water into the crossbar you will get rust .
 I tried several bottles of this Gas Treatment for my severe farting problem , in the hopes that something could curtail the non stop onslaught of booming salvos that my colon emits on a daily basis . I have lost several jobs and have been barred from my local public library , several movie theaters , and my grocery store because of my propensity to blast out deadly fumes of intestinal gas at high decibel levels on a frequent basis . I am in litigation over several of these incidences , including one with a movie theater chain that obtained a restraining order because they claimed my `` machine gun farting sprees were disrupting the movie watching of patrons and decreasing attendance by as much as 50 % both because of the rancid odor and the obnoxiously loud sound levels of my intestinal gas issues '' which `` threatened to overwhelm the Digital Dolby sound system '' . So this was my last hope , yet after several bottles of this gas treatment , if anything , my rear end output is even louder and more defecatory in nature , and has caused me a severe case of the runs . Why just the other day , while I was perusing the selections in an art museum , a patron complained that he could n't concentrate on the art because I was using a `` foul smelling jackhammer '' in the gallery . I am at wit 's end , and any suggestions would be greatly appreciated .
 did not fit bolt pattern for my truck like the site said it would . Not only that they said it would fit an 09 when the box said 02-06 .
 I am sorry to say that the pink color of the decal faded to a white within two weeks . As a result , I am disappointed in the quality , and I was surprised that the overall size of the decal was smaller than I expected .
 As soon as the product arrived , the logo attachment fell off ! The build quality is lousy and it keeps falling off repeatedly even after reattaching . Buy any other product ; do n't waste your money on this junk . A keychain should supposedly be extremely simple to make . Apparently not for Au-tomotive Gold .
 I ordered this regulator and had it installed in Sept 2008 . It broke in April of 2009 .
 Bought two of these for my wife 's SUV , and one lasted only a few months and the oil leaked out . The other is still working good . Next time I will just buy the ones from the dealer built for the vehicle .
 I bought this filter kit for my '06 Nissan Frontier 4.0 L V6 . It 's not even close to fitting . To add insult to injury , neither of the gaskets provided with this kit fit , so now my vehicle is sitting in my garage waiting on the correct part .
 It was very hard to program and when i did it stopped working properly within weeks ... look into getting another one
 their not green at all , i couldnt even tell a differnce with my factory lights
 Instead of using clips to lock them in , this uses thin 2 sided tape but they are mounted on the inside . Do n't buy this .
 This is a really solid and well built receiver hitch that I would love to have on my truck . Only it does n't fit , despite being indicated as such . If you have a 1974 full sized Ford , look somewhere else , otherwise this may be great for you . Five stars to Amazon and their no hassle returns .
 Returned for riding to hard and reboundy . Not better than OEM worse . Bought cheap Monroematic plus and rides normal now . Also had bought Gabriel Utra Truck shock and it was worse than sensatrac Go cheap and u will get the OEM ride you expect .
 It did not fit my step-daughter 's 1999 Mazda 929 . It was a gift for her sweet 16 . She still loved it , even though it would n't fit her first car . No problems with the seller . Very pleased with transaction .
 I bought this hoping it would work as well as my Mr. Clean Autodry System because that too has been discontinued . It did not . I 've washed my car 4 times with it and each time I end up with lots of spots . Oddly enough , when it rains on my car after a wash the spots go away . Weird ! Unless , I 'm using the product wrong it does not leave a spotless shine without wiping the car down with a chamois afterwards -LRB- which I have n't tried yet -RRB- . I do like the way it soaps up the car . I will probably save the unit and refill it with car soap when I wash my car in the future .
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 This item does not have enough space for your car documents unless if you have to cut your car certificate in two .
 This wallet is made with very cheap materials . The plastic sticks together on hot days and it will probably fall apart before too long.Its an okay way to keep the insurance card and registration handy for now , but if you have to pull it out on a regular basis like me , I would recommend getting something more durable .
 I agree with another review that the pockets are really sticky . When you put it in your glove compartment , it makes the whole thing stick even more . I live in NY and our insurance cards are more rectangular and not square so it does n't fit in this case unless you fold it . Also our registration cards are glossy and the ink will smear on the inside of the plastic leaving a copy of the card on it . I think if your registration cards are just plain paper it will be fine .
 I purchased this a few years ago to contain my vehicle registration and insurance instead of stashing them in the car 's manual . My insurance cards are glossy and stuck inside the pockets leaving a copy of the card 's red and black print inside . I 'm in Florida , so I have to fold our current overly long registration to fit it in . Since I ca n't use the pockets , it 's just an giant paper clip . I paid under half of Amazon 's current price and I think that 's all it 's worth .
 It it just a plastic cover . Picture shows a part that is not included . It may be a great item but the picture shown is not what they are selling .
 I was looking for the composite style OEM part that is pictured what I got is a steel part . Sure it works but I already replaced them with steel once before and they didnt last . I hate when they dont ship whats pictured .
 Wow , this thing is a disappointment . Two of the straps that aresupposed to hold it on pulled right off with very little force as I was trying to install it.It 's lightweight , flimsy , and barely fits . Only the top surface is halfway decent fabric ; the rest is a fragile thin black mesh . If you do n't have headrests , the flimsy blackfabric bags designed to cover them look downright silly , and are n't removable . Thereare no handy pockets at the front like my old cover.Can ' t send it back after attempting to install it , but what a piece of garbage.Seriously , do n't bother with this trash .
 The picture of this seat cover for your Toyota Truck , or bench seat in your truck looks nice . However , the quality is the lowest grade China manufacturing . The mesh material that is on the head rests , base , and back of the cover is very , very thin . This will strech out within days , and probably rip . There are straps that are used to fasten this cover to try to keep it snug to your seat , again , barely sewn on to the seat covers with a few threads and will rip if you try to tighten them to any degree . They do n't fit properly along the driver and passanger headrests . The price is right if they worked , but they really do n't function as true seat covers due to the weak China craftmanship .
 2 straps broke during installation . The cover has been on for 3 weeks now and is already shredding where the extremely cheap stretch material meets the heavy duty material . I would never buy this item again . The straps are flimsy and barely attached . The whole thing is a waste .
 This is very cheap but there is n't anything else out there besides `` custom '' covers that run a couple hundred bucks ! $ 30 is n't the greatest price point but better than the custom cost .
 I sent this back and was issued a refund with no problem . The fabric for the seat and back is fair , but the fastening straps and the side material are very poor quality . It is not like the photo ! I think this might have lasted about a week in normal use , if I had been able to get it installed in the first place . You would be better off using an old blanket for a seat cover .
 This cover fit ok but all the ties were torn or poorly sewn , some even looked shreaded . Had my wife re sew but fabric tore while installing . Its crap
 It was an incredible disappointment . I bought it because the cover image for this item appeared to drape over the headrests , which was what I wanting in a backseat cover , but they did no such thing . They harshly stretched to the tips of the seats and just manage to latch over the headrests , in turn raising the entire ill arranged cover upward , blocking much of the back window and making the bottom portion unable to be sat on without screwing up the headrest portions to a rip . The straps that surround the outer lining were as if they had been pulled apart , like someone had wanted to tear them off ! Overpriced complete garbage .
 Fits very oddly , securing straps tore right from fabric right from the get go . Would not buy again . Fits snug it spots and lose in others .
 This cover has a promising look when you first open it but it soon disappoints . The cover for the seat is nice and rather rugged but the rest is some kind of flimsy black covering for the back and part of the front of the seat . It does n't install as nice on a Ford bench seat as the picture shows . two of the straps pulled loose during installation and I do n't think I pulled that hard on these straps . I received this as a Christmas gift at my request and boy am I disappointed and sorry for putting it on my list .
 Purchased this as a gift for someone , very disappointed . It was obviously returned once already from someone else , it was dirty and had tears in the fabric and the straps that hold it on were torn 3/4 way off ... Very disappointed . Not even worth paying to ship it back ... just a piece of crap all together .
 This is a poorly made product . They are very difficult to install and the straps broke during installation . I ended up taking them back off within 2 weeks and throwing them away . I will not buy these ever again and would no recommend to anyone .
 This was not exactly what I thought it would be . I was not thinking it would be a sticker . does not stay on car at all .
 These were listed as correct for my Dodge Durango , but did n't meet the need . Within a couple of months they were leaking and soon failed completely .
 I received my item within the estimated shipping time . But the muffler i received was completely different . Not even close to resembling the picture . The one i got was a chambered straight 4inch outlet . I used it anyway . But was n't exactly what i paid for .
 Only charges to 63 % . Amazon has no system for complaints , returns , resolutions - because it was sold by amazon and it is battery -LRB- hazardous -RRB- . They suggest the manual , the manufacturer - which I am trying , but , we have a commercial vehicle down in a field waiting for a jump.Frustrating - it is better to purchase from a reseller than from Amazon directly .
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I ordered Crystal Diamond Cut Headlight with Skull and i got the tri-bar . I live in Sweden so return the Headlights will only be tangles . So Instead , I will never buy from you any more time .
 The thin backboard cracked and began to bend on the first time out , and the support pieces were pulling away . Its all held together with cheap staples that pull out really easily.I took mine apart , replaced the thin wood with a piece of thick plywood , screwed everything together , and now Im happy . For all the trouble , I 'd build my own next time , seeing as I had to rebuild this one and pay for it on top of it .
 Blitz 33710 Metal CARB Can Conversion KitThis was a big dissapointment . I 've got leaks because it does n't seal right . It is difficult to remove the cap . The spout is way too short it also makes pouring gas extremelt difficult -LRB- because of size and safety valve -RRB- .
 This thing is junk , I have tried two of them now and both died within 2 days .
 I was pleased when we first got them . BUT ater a week all the white that says `` WILD '' had started to come off . That is bad and it will not be able to see the words cause it wears off more every day . Would not recomend them to no one . My daughter birthday presant and after spending that money on the you would think that they would last more than a week . But the steering wheel is doing great , BUT i have ordered the seat covers back in the first of may and still to this day I have not got them . She ask me every day have they come in yet ? NO they have not . I pray that they will last longer than a week with out peeling off too . So I just wanted to let you know the floor mats are bad and the seat covers have NOT got here yet . Thanks Belinda Gilmore
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Amazon 's computer has the wrong part # for my engine , had to send it back because it was twice as long as the one my engine requires .
 All of Lisles creeper chair entries on Amazon are a mess , from the wheels which are falsely represented as chairs , to this train wreck of an ad which has added five hundred dollars to the correct price !
 arrived quickly , feels great , but does not stay on the seat . Everytime I enter or exit the car the cover comes with me .
 The seat covers can not be used . I need to return them . I bought them to give as a gift . I orderend 2 and they came in 2 different kinds of packages one in a box , one in a bag . The directions that came with them did not apply to this seat cover and I am unable to secure them with the hardware that came with them so they do n't stay on the seats . My daughter was very disappointed with this gift . I feel like I bought used or recalled stuff .
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I had one of these for a while ... but it was pointless - it moved around and would not stay still . I found one online that has a built in adhesive strip on the bottom - it works much better . You can find out more about it at ParkingTarget.com or just search for it , I think Amazon sells it . It is called a ParkingTarget .
 The covers have very little adhesive ! No Instructions ! After Driving forLong periods the covers start to come loose ! They do look good when Installed .
 After finally installing my engine i noticed all 3 mounts , back and both side mounts , worked perfect . The front mount
 I wanted to darken the pastictrim on my 2006 Xterra and this product seemed to fit the bill . And it does darken the trim as long as you are looking from a passing car at 60 mph . Up close it is full of streaks and blotches . As bad as that is the design of the applicator is worse . You have to push it against the areawhich wish to treat but if that area is on the side of the car where most trim is then it run down in a black river all over the paint . RUnined a perfectly good towel in wiping it off before it dried .
 I put this on some cleaned exterior vinyl/plastic with poor results . It 's runny , very hard to control , and does n't apply evenly , even with several coats . It smeared all over and would not wipe off paint/aluminum finishes . It looks nasty , and I will have to repaint those trim areas.If you have to use it , my advice is to mask it all off but doubt the tape would stop it from seeping . Thumbs down .
 This product wo n't work for the dark gray bumpers and door guards of the Grand Cherokee Laredo WJ -LRB- 99-03 -RRB- . I followed perfectly all the instructions and this ruined my Grand Cherokee 's rear bumper . Works great ONLY on Black trims .
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Even though I verified through Amazon 's site that this oil filter fits my car -LRB- Audi A4 2004 -RRB- , when I went to change the filter , the Bosch filter looks maybe 1/3 of the size of the oil filter originally installed in my car . I can not use it . Disappointed !
 Bosch brand is well known for meet specs but here was a mistaken part number . This filter does not fit my Audi A4 quattro 2004 . the filter delivered is quite small than my car need .
 the item was easy to attach , however , it did not stay attached the screw and nut could not stay tawt , therefore came loose in transit which resulted in the loss of said items on the road .
 thy are not as sturdy as I thought they should be , the mounting to the fender `` U '' bracket is to thin and can bend easy
 These are old fashioned curb feelers that no doubt are good for older cars with metal bodies/fenders . The newer cars with composite materials are not rigid enough to hold the feelers firm . .
 Item broke first trip i made to a car show . traveled only 45 miles when i returned home fingers where broken off .
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Company claimed hitch would fit a 2007 Hyundai Sonata GLS . Well I had problems installing it because it did n't fit over the rear tow loop and at the same time bolt up to the frame . Since I did n't have time to send it back and go through the hassle of ordering a different brand , I decided to modify the hitch so that it would fit over the tow loop . After finally getting it to bolt on , the twin tail pipes would rattle against the frame rail arms of the hitch because they were so close . I would not buy any Curt products again . I do not trust their quality control .
 This product does not fit a 2008 Hyundai Sonata . The tow hoop on the back of the car prevents you from installing the hitch , plus the bolts that came with the hitch to connect it to the frame were fine thread and you need a course thread.My advice is to buy a different brand .
 I bought the Curt 11325 hitch for my Hundai Sonata , as I have purchased other Curt Prodducts for a Camry and a Honda Pilot , that were true bolt-on installments . This Curt product , which was recommended both by Amazon and Curt in their fitment charts , was a ton of work . On the plus side , the holes lined up with those in the chassis . On the down side , you first have to remove the tow hook from the underside of the car , then you have to grind off the protruding back part of the reciever befor it will come close to fitting.Without the use of a hand grinder with a cutting wheel to remove the necessary material , this hitch will not fit , as both the tow hook , -LRB- which the instructions show using to help hold up the hitch -RRB- and the back of the reciever , prevent the hitch to be lifted in place to line up with the holes in the frame . The GLS model of the Hundai also has dual exhaust and require both heat shields to be modified , not just the one in the instructions . The instructions also failed to mention the need to modify both the car and the hitch . After several hours of struggle , I finally was able to mount it , but it was not an easy installation and I had to discover each modification as I went . Having recommended Curt products to other people , I am embarrased at my trust in a company who obviously does n't do its home work on Hundai .
 I spent way too long trying to make this hitch fit my 2009 Hyundai Sonata . When I first lifted the hitch into place , the space between the mounting brackets and the weld-nuts on the frame rail was about 1/2 '' - 1 '' . I tried using the supplied bolts but could not get them threaded because they were too short to make the gap . I went to the hardware store and got longer bolts . That helped , but I still had to first thread the passenger side and then use a jack to tweak the driver side into position . I should 've paid the extra few bucks for the Hidden Hitch . The design looks a lot better and only uses a single bolt on the bracket so you do not need to move the muffler .
 If you want to put this on a 2007 Sonata GLS do n't bother it wo n't fit . The hitch area that connects to the cars tow loop is not designed correctly . You either need to cut the tow loop off the car or cut a section off the hitch . I did neither and I 'm sending it back with all the scratches and dings I put on trying to get the POS installed . After a bit of internet searching I 've found this is a common probem with this hitch and 2007 Sonata 's . Will not buy a Curt hitch again !
 I bought this product to give me some relief from feet aches from standing at a tall desk , but it does very little for that . I think most people would get more benefit from a cheap drugstore shoe insert.The product looks and feels quite cheap . It seems to just be extruded ` PVC sponge ' , and the two ends on the sides seem to be mechanically cut , not `` 4 sides beveled and sealed '' . If you stand on it for more than a minute , you can see indentations where your shoes/feet were , and they take quite a while to disappear . I think standing on mousepads would give you more relief.I will be continuing to shop for a better solution .
 There were no markings on it to id it as ACDelco . The only thing it said was make in China . My mechanic said it looked like a piece of crap and refused to use it . I had to buy a new one locally .
 There was NO `` package '' at all ... the UPS label and `` packing slip '' was stuck on the muffler ... both ends of the muffler are out of round and will require repair , with a tool I do n't have , before it will be serviceable ... whoever fulfilled this order for Amazon are IDIOTS ... unless you have a pipe expander , do n't waste your time or money !
 This product is sold as a shock on this website . Im sure the product performance level is every bit what you pay for . But i bought this item thinking they were shocks themselves not absorbers & think its amazons falt for the bad promotion .
 I ordered two BCA 26822 bearing cups -LRB- outer races -RRB- to match the BCA tappered rolling elements . I received one 26822 made by Bower . The other was made by NTN . Both bearings came in bearing boxes , but the Bower cup was not wrapped , which is customary on all bearings for preservation purposes and to prevent contamination . All told , I was disappointed in what was sent to me , so I will probably never use Amazon again to by bearings and other mechanical items .
 These lasted a few months . Granted we 're heavy users . But after one month these looked like rags . Not heavy duty at all . Would not buy again .
 I bought one of these and one Sublime Imprint mat . The only advantage of this one is that it 's cheaper . In every other way , it 's much worse , not as much padding , not enough to keep my feet comfortable through a whole day of work . I would not buy one these again .
 installed both struts , after a few 100 miles one of them is making noise like a rubbing sound . Like the seal is dry . Not sure if these are really Monroe struts . The box says so but nowhere on the product do they say monroe or a part number . Just might be cheap junk switched out , I have no way of knowing . Not happy ,
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 The purchase was intended to turn a Chevy 3800 series II engine which is a 90 ^ V6 for those unaware , which turns out that the crank shaft snout is a few tenths of an inch too wide . Other than that the socket looks like it would work for older models or smaller crank shaft snouts , this would have been well worth the purchase had the Item actually worked .
 The only good thing about this wheel cover is the ` nubbies ' that massage your hands when driving . The fabric is of poor quality and does not have a finished or turned under stitched edge . After less than a month of use , the fabric frayed past the stitching and began to lift away from the rubber part . It was not even glued or otherwise secured to it . Continued use and the fabric would have completely separated from the rest of it . And the fabric is the reason I purchased this in the first place . I would not recomend .
 this is useless ; the reamer , glue and bag are ok , but the insertion tool and plugs are useless , it was nearly impossible to insert a plug with this tool even after modifying it on the grinder . get another brand !
 Keeps the drinks chilled but not coldWhat do you expect for $ 20bucksWould no buy again.Would go for the more traditional fridges
 I purchased these for my 2008 Envoy . I can not stand them . Even more floaty and bouncy feeling than my stock shocks with 60K miles on them . I wanted to firm up my ailing ride , not make it WORSE . Also , they make a `` swooshing '' noise every time I go over a bump , extremely annoying . Yes , it 's great Monroe offers a money back guarantee but they only reimburse you for $ 50 per axle for labor . That would be fine for the rear shocks but the front struts cost a lot more in time and labor as you have to remove the whole coil spring assembly as well . I 'm returning these and going with Bilstein HDs .
 The mats where a bit faded like they 've `` been around for a while . '' But I guess the most disappointing thing is that the mats did NOT come with the holes that fit into the pegs on the floor of my ML500 . I probably need to call the company and complain but I 'm sure it 'll be some type of hassel to get it corrected .
 according to amazon this is the rear shock absorber for a 2004 nissa xterra , but IT IS NOT ! now my car sits at the mechanic until i can figure out what is accurate on amazon . amazon is good on price , GREAT on price but if the part is wrong , what good is getting a deal ? out of $ 1,200.00 -LRB- about 40 various auto parts -RRB- for my two vehicles that i ordered this week , more than 25 % of items are wrong fit due to Amazon 's sketchy auto parts ` finder ' . very inconvenient , very disappointed .
 this shocks does not fit a 2005 nissan frontier nismo off road , but they do fit the 2004 version !!! or at least the ones you sent me !!! but since i live in the dominican republic , it 's to costly to send them back , so i sold them over here and ordered the ones i needed from a nother website .
 I ordered the part he title was right the picture was right but when I got the part ... . Well lets just say it was not even close . . My girl and I have used amazon many many times this is the only time it was wrong ...
 description says 6 piece kit . there 's just one threaded piece that you 're getting for the $ 8 . I shoulda known . I think the title was different when i ordered it though . but they never changed the description .
 Had these seats 4 months and they started splitting at the seams . Checked to make sure what knid of warranty they have and it was 90 days ! Yes they will last 90 days and that is it ! The material wears really bad on the out side of the drivers side when you get in and out of the vehicle . It looks really ratty ! I buy a lot of things from Amazon and am a prime member but these things are a total waist of money ! Do n't wiste yours ... Amazon is usually better than this junk !
 It is a cheat , everyone . I got nothing after my purchase . And I got silent with my question.What a great joke !
 While this was the look I wanted . The care taken in the manufacturer of the pipes was poor . The ends of the pipes were not done cleanly . It required the grinding to get the flaring off the end that was left from the cutting tool . None of the pipes would slip into the collector . This extends the assemble time , when it could -LRB- should have -RRB- been removed in the manufacturing process.The instruction said that no re-jetting should be necessary . I have recently rebuild the stock 79 carbs . I went from a machine that could easily exceed a 100 mph to a max of 90 mph ... This is a totally low mileage stock bike.All this being said . This is the price I had to pay for the look I wanted . They do look good .
 This does not fit my 2003 Jeep Grand Cherokee . The stud bolt provided is too large for the bracket on my Jeep .
 The seatcovers do not really fit as advertized . They do not fit properly over bucket seats with a head rest and are much too big without the head rest . One of the seat covers had a small flaw on it when it came out of the box .
 I love the tinkerbell design and the color but the seatcover tore at the seam within the first couple days I had it .
 Although these seat covers are cute , they ripped at the seam where the back and seat meet within a week . Wasted my money on this purchase .
 The Tinberbell design is very cute , but the seams tore within a few days . I was VERY disappointed in the quality . Basically , a waste of money unless you only want to use them for a week and then throw them away .
 I ORDERED THE TINKERBELL CAR SEAT COVERS . I HAVE HAD THEM JUST A WEEK OR SO AND THEY ARE ALREADY COMING APART . I AM GOING TO SEND THEM BACK . ALSO ORDERED THE STEERING COVER WHICH LOOKS WORN AND USED . ALSO FLOOR MATS.THANK YOUMRS EYLER
 Lets put this up-front . This is not for Off-Roading . It 's for looks only.Now with that said , it uses Tape , and some screws on the underside to keep it on your Jeep -LRB- does n't require drilling -RRB- . Tapes used more commonly than you think when it comes to vehicles , and usually stays on without trouble for a very long time , if it ever comes off . But 's for your road-bound cars . You 're putting it on your Jeep , so if use it as a off-road vehicle as it was designed , do n't expect it to stay on forever.As for a personal experience on my part . When I got the product , there was a thin tire mark on the package , and when I opened it , the product was bent . It was ran over by a forklift , then shipped to me . They replaced it , and I appreciate how quick it was . But in the end , I returned the product without installing it .
 Bushwacker regards this item as trail armor but it is all plastic and tape . The install method is very shaky . These things are tapped onto the bottom edge of the vehicle . I am already looking for a better replacement product when these things fall off my wrangler . I bought the item based on the confidence I thought I had in the manufacturer but I was very disappointed in the quality .
 I had this unit work for just one time with problems toward the end of three hours . It was brought into an authorized repair shop whereby the manufactor has not had the parts for over three months . Try to call the service number and you will be placed in musak mode for half an hour . The company has no further response but to send an email telling how the parts are still back ordered.As I understand , if your unit works then people give a good review if it has problems then a - . The problem which I would mention further is if the unit needs any parts or repair requiring parts , many repair centers are getting wise to holding a unit which they can not get the parts . I would not recommend this unit .
 When this generator arrived , I filled it with the proper oil & gas , but could not get it to start . I spent a long time on the phone with both the seller and McCulloch , to no avail . The seller took it back and sent a replacement ... same story . The seller -LRB- Home & Beyond -RRB- was terrific and took the second one back , too.I went to a local dealer and bought a Honda . Started on the first pull !
 I had this generator shipped to St.Martin , opened the box filled oil etc and it would not start.A generator expert opened it in front of me and showed the inverter fried and no possibility of spares as no longer sold.This machine NEVER worked and impossible to return.I also feel burned
 I wish I had bought the comparable Honda . The only thing the McCulloch beats the Honda at is price . Quality , reliability , noise -LRB- especially noise -RRB- all go to the Honda .
 I was looking to buy the Honda EU2000i , but after seening this on amazon and the money we save ; it is not even a tough decision to make . This unit run quiet that other import generator . the only problem i have with this unit is the weight , it is portable , but the near 70 lbs weight make it difficult to carry around . the noise is ok at lower output , but getting close to 1500 watt , it become annoying . buying one of McCulloch vs spending $ 2000 for the honda . this is a lot better .
 I got his for my boyfriend to go with his code reader , but it 's very cheaply made . The plastic clasp that anchors it shut feels like it 's going to snap off . I was very disapointed , better to purchase the nylon case , it 's a little more in price but worth it .
 The box is advertised as a holder for the Equus Code Reader , it is flimsy , poorly made and a waste of money.The reader just flops around inside and would hold a paperback book just as well . Not defined storage , cord holders . It is an empty box with plastic clips that are meant to hold it closed that will break off WAY to soon . You are better off keeping your reader in a trash bag .
 I think this in not a good produt . The tittle is storage case for a 3100 obd II code reader , but is just a simple plastic box . I am not going to buy anything from midway . I paid 18.99 for a platic box . It 's too much .
 I bought this item last year for Christmas . It is not only NOT waterproof but trapped water in between ruining my 1991 Trans Am convertible top by molding = $ 1500 to replace . The material got so saturated it ripped when trying to take it off the car .
 I AM VERY DISAPOINTED WITH THE FLOOR MATS . THEY ARE NOT THE SAME COLOR AS THE KEY RING , STERRING WHEEL COVER OR THE TAG FRAME.THE FLOOR MATS ARE A DULL PALE PINK AND THE OTHER STUFF IS A PRETTY BRIGHT PINK . IT WAS GOING TO BE A GIFT FOR MY GRANDDAUGHTERS FIRST CAR SO I WAS DISAPOINTED.I WILL RETURN THIS ITEM AND NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE.MY COWORKER WANTED THIS FOR HER DAUGHTER BUT I WILL TELL HER NOT TO GET IT .
 The light that I bought does n't work at all , first of all I had to break off the plastic pieces in order to make it fit into the socket and when I plugged it in only the charging indicator light come on , but when I pressed the switch the actual light did n't work . I gave it one star because I 'll be able to recycle the plug and the light when I take it apart .
 I purchased a pair of these for my Geo Metro ; after installation , I noticed that there was no way to affix the brake hose retainer clip because the bracket on these struts is centered on the cylinder of the strut ; stock struts have the bracket offset , so there is a unique part number for the left & right struts.I contacted Monroe , but they have no record of this 801918 part number.I was advised that a piece of oil-resistant hose could be wrapped around the brake hose , fit into the bracket , and secured with a tywrap , but I opted to remove these struts and purchase KYB 's , which have the properly located bracket -LRB- clue is unique part number for left & right struts -RRB- . I was able to resell these Monroe 's to someone who did n't mind the workaround , but I think that Amazon should note this oddity for these struts .
 K&N filters are not as good as Mobil 1 oil filters . And they are more expensive than mobile 1 filters
 all over the net , including autozone and checkers/o ` reilly it is said this fits 2004 Subaru forester AT . NOT at all . there is not enough room btween the oil pump piping and part of the engine . if u force it to fit it will damage something . also the part i recieved had a torn gasket . i tried it anyway but the gasket made it leak like a sieve when thr car was running . The KN 1010 model will work . the only difference with the 1008 model and 1010 model is that the 1010 is longer but stills stays above the rest of the engine and rad parts so no need to worry about clearance issues . however the 1010 only has 4 threads whereas , the 08 model has and 15 have 5 threads . the 10 and 8 also have the same diameter , thread pitch -LRB- as does the 15 -RRB- , and greatness .
 This product does not deserve a HINT of a star rating . The price sounded reasonable for a `` genuine '' leather steering wheel cover . However , the product does n't seem to have a shred of leather in or on it . And it stinks , literally . The smell is unbearable and NOTHING like leather . Had I put it on my car 's steering wheel , I would have been sick from the fumes emanating from the synthetic composite materials . Right now , the `` genuine leather grip steering wheel cover '' lives in our backyard . We are trying to find a use for it , since it is not worthy of going to a landfill . I do not recommend this product , unless you plan to wear a mask while driving .
 These COBRA bars look good once they are installed . But you would think for $ 200 they would bolt right on without having to modify the mounting holes at all . Granted , putting the bolts in the upper mount through the gusset in the frame is a little tight , which is to be expected . I had to use a deburring tool and an air drill to elongate the mounting hole in the lower right bracket . What really should have been a no-brainer ended up taking three hours and ticking me off .
 I the product did not fit my vehicle . 2009 Nissan Maxima Two hours were wasted on uninstalling brake pads and rotors to discover that they were the wrong ones .
 When I received my Budge Max Car cover I was a little disappointed as it looks just like the one I have had on my car for 2 years . Now it is all shredded and did not hold up in the SO . CA . environment . I hope this one will last longer as it has a supposedly lifetime warranty . We will see , and I will write another review . Thank You , The Wolfman
 Do not be fooled by this insane and deceptive ad . NOT a creeper chair ! , just a wheel ! I repeat . You are not buying the creeper-chair if you add this item to your cart . You are only getting a wheel !
 The Innova 3340 mulitmeter looks and feels like a quality instrument . Most of the functions work great but I bought it primarily for the tachometer and dwell angle features . I tried those on two cars and got erratic and erroneous meetings with each . I sent the item back to Innova and they claimed they could n't find a problem , sending it back to me after a few weeks . Again I tried the tach and dwell on a '69 VW . The tach read over 4,000 rpm with the engine at idle and the dwell was a fixed 90 degrees . This product did not satisfy me and I would n't recommend it to anyone needing those functions .
 I was intrigued by the many features this unit had and while it seemed a bit pricey for a DMM I thought I 'd give it a try . it did n't take me long to regret spending $ 70 for it though . The instruction manual does not even provide a basic understanding of the unit and its features . the probe holders do n't hold the probes , the induction pickup does n't read , and the temperature probe has a 10 degree error . Went to the Equus website for help and found it not working with broken links and dead ends . Sent it back to Amazon for a full refund .
 Feels cheaply made , the battery contacts were rusted as soon i received the unit . I opened the meter to look inside and and plastic parts were melted maybe from the soldering pen making contact
 Is it just me , or is this too complicated ? My `` included with my light switch '' 10 cent test light saved the day when I wanted to check for 12 volts on my car 's electric window motor . It 's pretty , but the instructions leave something to be desired .
 I got thee other style of floor mat of this brand but cant find an email to contact you with . The one with red on and 1 solid black stipe down the middle
 I bought expensive coverking products for my car thinking they would fit and match . After all , there are only 3 different interior colors for my year . Boy , was I wrong . The color was waaaay off . So bad that it just looked ridiculous . I sent it back , and not only did I have to pay shipping to me and shipping back , they had the nerve to charge me a 15 % restocking fee for finding out that their product is stupidly off color . DO NOT BUY from this company unless you have seen the color in a retail store somewhere .
 I 've owned two of these . The first was quite some time ago -LRB- years -RRB- and I used to love this cover . It lasted a long time . I recently bought another for my new car . I figured a red impala with black leather this would look good . Only a few months later the red is turning dark/dirty and has a number of scrapes and scuffs in the material . At one spot it 's down to the liner!These used to be great , now they seem cheap and just fall apart .
 This cover feels great the only problem is that the one I received already had a tear in the fabric and I believe that this tear is just going to get worse as I use it . Not sure about the quality of this product yet .
 While this product helps clean the inside of the car 's front window , it was not as efficient as we had been led to believe .
 This was a great deal with fast shipping but the fit on each of the ends was very poor . one end cut straight the other one at an angle ? It was about 3/4 an inch short also , which left a gap at each end . looked like a second to me . It is well constructed except for the odd cut ends which makes it look cheap . Tape does work well and I would return it if taking it off would not destroy it .
 Very poor fit , product is short of tailgate width by 3/4 of an inch which is way more than is required to allow for expansion of material . Also packaging is very poor allowing the product to twist in shipment resulting in a few small kinks in the product 's edge .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Very dissapointed on quality chrome was chipping of welds `` DID NOT COME WITH OIL DRAIN PLUG '' had minor rust inside was going to return but lost receipt & did not want to go thruw all the hassel thank god i sold it to friend !!! hope to get `` some kind of apology at least ''
 The package shipped very quickly.The mats fit well the Audi A4.I had to return them though for the following reasons : - the color was not as in the Amazon picture -LRB- they were dark gray instead of light gray - I chose `` Charcoal '' color -RRB- - there was no means to attach them to the holders on the car 's floor - in the picture there are some holes that are not present on the mats .
 I would advise you check an independent source to make sure the auto parts you order here actually fit your car . 80 % of the items I ordered were correct , but this one was not .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 This product did not fit and material is very cheap.Went through the &#34; Make sure this product fits your vehicle &#34; , claims it fit , did no such thing !
 I bought expensive coverking products for my car thinking they would fit and match . After all , there are only 3 different interior colors for my year . Boy , was I wrong . The color was waaaay off . So bad that it just looked ridiculous . I sent it back , and not only did I have to pay shipping to me and shipping back , they had the nerve to charge me a 15 % restocking fee for finding out that their product is stupidly off color . DO NOT BUY from this company unless you have seen the color in a retail store somewhere .
 I purchased a set of these Corbeau FX-1 seats for my 1968 pro street chevelle for $ 329.00 each because they look great and they are lightweight and have racing harness provisions.The first problem I encountered was their slider bracket holes did not match the stock holes in my floor.I called them and confirmed the part number and they insisted the pn was correct but my car said they were wrong.I did n't want to pay $ 75.00 to ship them back so I drilled holes in my floor to match their bracket.The next problem I noticed is the fabric is like a magnet attracting the least tiny little particle and not letting it go even after using a strong vacuum and a lint roller.The fabric is an absolute nightmare to try and keep clean.Also the seats are nearly rock hard as they employ a very dense hard foam material about 1 '' thick and then wrap in in the fabric mentioned above so the seats offer no comfort at all.Lastly , and most importantly they are very flimsy and will flex under hard acceleration so if you intend to drag race I suggest mounting them to a roll bar if your car has one .
 I bought expensive coverking products for my car thinking they would fit and match . After all , there are only 3 different interior colors for my year . Boy , was I wrong . The color was waaaay off . So bad that it just looked ridiculous . I sent it back , and not only did I have to pay shipping to me and shipping back , they had the nerve to charge me a 15 % restocking fee for finding out that their product is stupidly off color . DO NOT BUY from this company unless you have seen the color in a retail store somewhere .
 Amazon told me that this brake-pad was supposed to fit in my 2002 Camry . They were wrong . Make sure that your car uses brake pads , no brake drums . My Camry was made in Kentucky , USA . Maybe the Japaneses edition uses brake pads , no idea .
 It 's hard to apply and leaves a green streak unless you wipe it down real good . Try something else . Lots of other stuff out there .
 I went with the Kwik drying JB Weld for a bachelor 's party gag -LRB- a chain epoxied into a bowling ball -RRB- . I really wish I would have gotten hold of an old bowling ball a few days earlier because my last minute job just did n't cut it . I carefully mixed a 50/50 paste as I always do with the regular formula and pieced everything together . I had five hours before the party started to build my ball & chain ; , which should have been plenty of time for the four hour wonder to cure ... I knew we had a problem when four hours later the epoxy was still sticky to the touch . In fact , even after the chain fell out of the ball -LRB- it held for a few hours of fun at least -RRB- , it was sticky . The following morning , the epoxy was still sticky . Perhaps it was just a bad batch , but this epoxy never set . It was n't my first time using JB Weld , so I know it was the formula and not user error.The package itself does n't show a weight rating anywhere like the regular formula and competing brands of epoxy do , that should have been my indication to pass on the JB Kwik .
 I 've used both the original and the KWIK and must say I 'm more impressed with the original . The KWIK definitely cures faster but the hold does n't appear as strong . For example , I 've used the original JB Weld in the past to attach metal hasps to metal ammo cans with fairly good results . The hasp 's staple will stay affixed and will only detach using a cold chisel and hammer.I recently attached a hasp staple to a metal ammo box with the KWIK version and the bond failed miserably . The KWIK set quickly but after one rap on the outside of the box -LRB- i.e. no chisel needed -RRB- the staple detached immediately . I performed this test three days after the the bond had cured.My main complaint is that the packaging does not clearly indicate that the KWIK version -LRB- part no. 8276 -RRB- is less strong than the original -LRB- part no. 8265 -RRB- . Had I known this , I would n't have purchased it and would have stuck with the higher tensiled rated 8265 . Doing so would have saved me time , aggravation and $ .
 Having used both this and the original , I ca n't believe the failure rate I 've had with this stuff.First application was between a textured plastic surface , which I cleaned off with alcohol , and the bottom of a machined and sand blasted chuck of aluminum . In it 's defense , this was a heat sink that would get up to 140 F , but the ratings say that this should be no issue at all . Would not stay on . In fact , when the piece fell off for the first time , I just picked the rest of the JB kwik fragments from the surfaces with my fingers to clean it up.Next was gluing two 18650 cells into place , long side down . I slathered the entire length of the cells , not to mention filled in the giant void between the two cells with the stuff . This should have made a massive surface area contact , more than enough to hold the light weight cells . Two weeks later , it fell off.Never going to touch this stuff again.Also , it smells weird unlike the original .
 i mixed it up just at the consistency it said 1:1 to fix back together an aluminum hinge on my laptop computer that had broken . said it sets in 4 minutes and cures in 4 hours . i mixed it up and applied it came back to it the next morning 11 hours later and it almost dented with pressing my fingernail into it . nevertheless the hinge adhesion did not hold . this is like using bondo dent filler as a glue . jb weld must do better than this because i 've heard rave reviews but i hoped this would be comparable . i broke the latch off on my computer so it would close and went about my business . i do n't have time to play games with expensive glues .
 Tried to fix a leak in my car radiator and to put it simply it did not last long .
 This stuff does absolutely nothing . Silicone sealant does 100 % better and its not an adhesive . Save your money .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Wax goes on easy ... it 's liquid . Did n't like the way it comes off . Not easy removal . Had to polish and polish and polish . With a lot of effort it seems O.K. Not thrilled with this product .
 They sent me the wrong part and i called them 4 times with no answer -LRB- during their business hours -RRB- and left a message each time . Now I 'm stuck with the wrong part . DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS COMPANY !
 Seems like a high quality bag . But the color was not as appeared/described online . I was expecting a deep orange ; it was a true red . Also , the straps were connected toward the top , in a `` H '' formation . I 'm sure that served a purpose , but it made the bag sit awkwardly on my shoulders.I returned the bag .
 Purchased for BBS wheels . Doesnt work . tried several times , with various situaitons -LRB- dry , wet , using a brush , etc -RRB- . this product didnt help at all .
 Bought it for $ 10.74 from Amazon and found $ 2.99 at K-Mart . Later $ 3.46 at Amazon , but it 's from a different vendor .
 I thought with Turtle Wax 's reputation , I could trust a product from them . Sure enough , after I used this cleaner , there was noticeable white haze on my wheels . There 's no excuse for any modern cleaner to do this ! I assume they test everything at some stage , but when it starts to make wheels hazy , it 's back to the drawing board , lads . I noticed I 'm not the only customer who has had this problem , so I wish now that I 'd read the reviews . The main reason I bought this cleaner is because it was cheap ; now I know that 's the wrong reason to buy an automotive product . The best cleaner I 've used is Dupont 's Teflon wheel cleaner , and while it costs a king 's ransom compared to this stuff , it 's well worth not having the hassle of the dreaded white haze .
 Turtle Wax advertises that this is safe for all wheels . This produced a white milky haze all over my wheels that was incredibly hard to remove . After extensive labor and scrubbing with a cleaner/polish some -LRB- not all -RRB- of the staining has been removed . I called Turtle Wax customer support who offered no solutions or compensation . What a nightmare .
 First off , I 'll admit that I 'm not big on car vanity . I rarely clean the car and almost never the wheels . Perhaps with a mildly dirty wheel this product will do the trick . My wheels were not completely gunked up , but they had a medium amount of brake dust on them . This product , plain and simply , did next to nothing with the brake dust . The regular dust around the center of the wheel and near the tires came off just fine , but I imagine soap and water would have fared as well . The brake dust did n't come off after applying a liberal amount of the T-159R , nor did it come off after rinsing with water as directed.My review specifically targets the product 's claim , `` Quickly penetrates and removes tough brake dust and road grime from all wheel surfaces '' . This is simply not true in my experience . If you have your car professionally cleaned and you need an interim light dust cleaner , by all means pick some of this up , it does fine . I wanted the brake dust gone . I still do .
 I 've used this product several times on my wheels and it never does anything more than water . I am going to try Mother 's brand instead because it got good reviews .
 It worked very well to clean off the gunk from my tire sidewalls , but it turned my black steel wheels almost white due to the haze . Definitely test it out in a small spot of the wheel first - or use a rag to apply it to the tires . I would n't buy this product again in the future .
 This product is such a mild formula that it does not work . I bought this at Walmart for about $ 3 or $ 4 and just used it today . I was looking forward to this product because the directions state you can use it on the rims and the tires but it does not completely clean off even a mild amount of brake dust on my rims . I am just going to throw this stuff away ... oh well , it was worth a try for the price .
 My husband purchased this for my new Honda Shadow RS . After installing he took it out on the road and noticed that his head had a vibration . He took off the windshield and made adjustments to see if it helped . This did not work either . We decided to return the product because of the vibrations it caused to the head area . I shipped product back to company on April 16th of 2012 . By June 14th I had not heard from the company and decided to send an email . They told me the problem was being `` discussed '' and they would let us know . By July 1st I still had no word so I sent another email . I was quickly notified that because the item was USED they would not take it back . I am now going to have to lose money on this product . TERRIBLE SERVICE !
 I found this to be pretty good with bird droppings ... and not bad on paint-which may be because I had some wax on the paint . But it is terrible on glass and even letting it soak for up to 10 minutes , it did not do a good job unless I used it 5-6 times . I had better results with nail polish remover and even things like WD40.I 've used the Turtle Wax Bug and Tar remover than comes in the metal can , it works much better . One good thing about it is that it wipes off easily . If only the pine tree sap came off with it ...
 Parked under the train station this week and of course tar got on the roof of my brand new 2 week old Kia . I went out and bought the Bug an Tar remover . Sprayed it on and it took some of it off . . Repeated the process again , wiped off the foam and not only did the tar come off but so did some of the paint ! I am SO pissed !
 Followed instructions exactly , took car through car wash first , even did it at night so surface would be 100 % cool as per instructions.Had absolutely no effect whatsoever on pine tree sap . There were even some areas that had VERY light amounts of pine tree sap , and it did n't even work on them .
 I 've used a lot of detailing products over the years , but this one takes the cake in the `` utter failure '' department.I waited until evening , and had parked the car in an area that let it sit in the shade for an hour or so . I then washed the car , taking care to double wash the front end twice , and getting rid of as much of the bug left-overs as I could before applying the product.The car was `` cool to the touch '' . I liberally applied Turtle Wax Bug & Tar Remover on a good portion of the front bumper . This covered 3 different surface types . 1 -RRB- the front of the hood , which is metal . 2 -RRB- the front bumper which is the typical plastic/rubber material that are used for bumpers -LRB- the vehicle is a 2008 Jeep -RRB- 3 -RRB- the faux chrome grille on the front of the vehicle -LRB- also plastic -RRB- . Per the instructions , I waited at least 60 seconds.Per the instructions , I then used a micro fiber towel to wipe/buff out the areas I had applied the product.It removed * nothing * . Right down to the gnat splats , they were all still there , only now they show up much better as the bumper is nice and clean having been washed.This product would not be worth using , even if it was free . You just waste a bunch of time and get zero results . I 've used other Turtle Wax products , such as their wax , and had good results , but this one product is a flat out rip off .
 I bought this product , sprayed it on every single bug AND sap stain on my car , about 15 maybe in total ... This product did n't remove a single one . . In all fairness I still have n't tried anything else , maybe the stuff on my car is hard to remove ?
 Like the other reviewers I had no luck with this product . It does leave a nice shine and smells good , so for that I gave it 1 star . I tried 4 times applying the product to some bug splatter and tree sap which had accumulated on my vehicle for the past 2-3 weeks and no matter what the tree sap would not go away . The bird crap came off , but left a residue and stain that wo n't come off . Too bad , i normally use Turtle wax products but i will not be buying this again .
 Claims to remove tar , bugs , sap ; maybe if the stuff is still very fresh . The Turtle Wax did absolutely nothing , but give a great wax shine to the bug splatter and pine sap . A cheap bottle of nail polish remover instantly removed all the crud , and cost allot less . The nail polish remover did not hurt the car finish or clear coat . The only reason I gave it a two was even though it did n't work , I love the spray on , wax off shine it gives .
 I had high expectations for this product but it absolutely does not removesap . . how can it remove TAR ? waste
 I carefully followed the directions , and Turtle Wax Bug and Tar Remover did absolutely nothing to remove the bugs from the front of my car.Darn , I should have read these Amazon reviews before buying this stuff . My fault . I bought it thinking the Turtle Wax brand name would ensure reasonable quality . I wo n't be buying any Turtle Wax products in the future .
 I had to repeat the '' spray on and wait one minute ' process several times before the sap would come off . Even then it would only come off if I vigorously scrubbed it with a plastic scrub . It did not leave a clean surface -LRB- as advertised on the back of the bottle -RRB- but instead left my windows very waxy and impossible to see out . I had to wash it off with a hose to regain visibility . Would not recommend.Note
 This product does n't seem to remove bugs or tar from the front of my car better than Windex or water . I followed the directions , waited a few minutes , and tried to wipe it and the bugs off . Well , it smears everywhere and the bugs stayed . Went to the car wash and blasted them off with a pressure washer ... I would n't buy this product again .
 Drove to St. Louis & back a few times in the last two weeks from Chicago so plenty of late spring bugs smashed all over front of my white car . Multiple applications of TW Bug & Tar have achieved very little cleaning . Seems if you do n't get bugs right away this product has little penetrating power to lift & remove a bug you should have wiped off @ the end of your trip . Elbow grease is really what it boils down to if you do n't get the critters off right away so save your money & use a gentle soap formulated for car finish .
 The best stuff at sold at Autozone , but only works on fresh bugs . Does n't make a dent on settled lovebugs .
 Does not work good ! Well if you want to scrub it does but if your ganna scrub save your money and just use detergent and warm water!A few years ago there was a bug and tar remover and I can not remember the name of it that I used . It was super good ! You sprayed some on a rag and wall la those little suckers disappeared ! It did not harm clear coat , maybe wax but come on if it 's going to be a bug remover boo who wax again .
 I followed the instructions , applied the bug & tar remover and then waited a few minutes before wiping it off . I probably forgot a few spots that dried out ... and to my surprise it left streaks on the auto body that can not be removed afterwards . I have tried to wash the car , applied some polish and it does not come off . Turtle wax says this product is better than any run formula ... at least the run formula will go away with water , this one needs a cloth ... not really convenient ! Do turtle wax actually test their products on real cars before they sell them ? You wonder ! Stay away from it if you like your car paint .
 As lug nuts go , these are too big for what they do , and the material is exceedingly soft . Make sure you hand start -LRB- you should anyhow -RRB- these or you WILL cross-thread them . I bought them as back up lugs for the race car , but are fairly well useless in this environment .
 Does not clean any better than Windex or the ones you buy at the grocery . Just go to the store , you do n't need to order and pay postage .
 This glass cleaner is the worst product ever created . It leaves streaks the size of Dallas all over the windows , and when you try to wipe them away , it just creates more . I had to re-wash my car just to get them to go away . I could get better results with a homeless dude , his spit , and a newspaper . Do n't ever buy this because you will have a stroke from rage . I hate this product .
 I used this on my 3 year old Escalade ESV Chrome rims to get some of the tiny rust dots on them off and it did n't do anything but make them shiny . Shiny is nice , but I bought it because it also says Rust remover and I only had tiny dots of rust spots , so I do n't know what this would work on . Followed directions , reapplied as well and nothing . Thank goodness it 's cheap . -LRB- maybe for a reason ? -RRB-
 I was in my local auto store Saturday and decided to pick up some rubbing compound to hopefully buff out a few minor scratches and imperfections on my truck . There was n't as much to choose from -LRB- I had looked at several kinds on Amazon a few days prior -RRB- . I had a choice between the Turtle for $ 3.99 and Mother 's and two others starting at $ 12.99 . I remember seeing decent reviews for the Turtle , coupled with the difference in price , I made it my selection . Big mistake.I remember the compounds I 've used in the past as being pretty thick . This stuff was like butter at room temperature . It did remove SOME of the very minor , almost insignifigant , surface scratches and blemishes , BUT only after a whole lot of elbow grease . I was extremely disappointed in this products ability to do little more than remove waterspots . To add insult to injury , I had to rewax the areas where I used the compound . I know this is a two step process , with the addtional waxing , but I felt like I was having to do extra work for lackluster results from the compound . It did bring some bling back to the red paint , but again , not enough for the effort I had to apply.Thankfully , it was only $ 4 -LRB- get what you pay for -RRB- , so I 'm only out time spent . I 'm going to pick up something a little more substantial next time around .
 my older can of this stuff worked wonders but this newer stuff doesnt seem to do the trick i dont know if they changed the formula or what but it seems some stuff i try to use this on it doesnt work but my older can would of
 After the first 2 uses the teeth wont lock in place , they seem stripped out but the teeth look to be in good shape . Wo n't lock where we need it . Disappointing .
 My product arrived with 2 rust stains on it that will not come off . This is probably the only product that has been disappointing to me in all my orders in the past .
 I bought one of the AIMS 2,000 Watt continuous -LRB- 4,000 W surge -RRB- `` pure sine wave '' inverters for around $ 400.00 bucks to power up some lights , fridge , and oil fired furnace during power outages . The inverter could barely run my fridge alone !! AND it generates so much RF noise , forget turning on the TV !! I installed a noise suppressor which did help , then upgraded to a Magnum Energy MSPAE4048 It was well worth the extra $ $ $ . If you want a decent inverter steer clear of the AIMS junk ... If you want a cheap piece of crap , that you 'll be disappointed with - I 've still got my AIMS 2KW inverter and can give you a good deal on it !!
 This is capable of running the same appliances that a modified square wave inverter is . Electronics ... NO !!! . Am sorry I bought it and more sorry I paid so much . Buy a power bright inverter instead . This thing pours out rf .
 I have a honda shadow spirit VT750C2 and these did NOT fit . Very disappointing as it advertises as a honda shadow spirt 750 Cobra guard support , but apparently not all shadow 750s fit this discription . So be careful when you buy your saddlebag guards from the internet . Make sure that the guards you 're interested in meet the measurements of your bike .
 The main reason why I would not recommend this product is because of the company . I called them before I decided to purchase . I bought the product based on the lies I was told by their customer service person . It was quite obvious that they did not want to be bothered when I spoke to them . I was told that this product was molded to fit my truck and was pre-drilled . All I had to do was attach the fasteners , which never came with the product . The splash guards came with an empty bag . I wound up just buying the OEM part , which was a lot more expensive , but lived up to its reputation . When I emptied the box that these guards came in all I found was two blank pieces of plastic . If you have a farm truck or a jalopy , these guards will be acceptable , but if you have a nice vehicle , I recommend that you just spend the bucks and not degrade your truck .
 This product is cheaply made . In the picture it looks like rubber but it is not !!! It 's hard plastic , there is no give to the material and it cracked when I was removing the tabs that secured it to the cardboard backing ... . that were part of its packaging !!! Spend a couple more bucks and get something better .
 Started leaking within a month -LRB- under 1000 miles -RRB- . Useless since now I may have to redo the seal and just wasted money on this ... and no . . I did not overtighten the bolts as to have ripped the gasket . This is supposed to be a dry gasket which needed no additional sealant . I hope it works for someone else . And what 's the O ring for anyways ???
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 The plug easily slips out from the cigarette lighter socket . The cables at the movable part breaks ...
 I installed this on my '00 Camry today . The solonoid simply has too little power and travel to be effective . While the travel is sufficient for my application , it may not be for yours . The spring tension on my latch is not strong at all , but this thing can only pull it open one out of two times . Unacceptable . The push button is also terrible , but even on a relay , this solonoid just will not perform . Look elsewhere .
 This product works fine , just not for my car . I have a 240sx hatch and with the hatch open the solenoid will function . With the hatch closed the solenoid barely tugs at the spring latch . I 've tried adjusting the tension on the wire cable with no luck . Just a little bit of slack and still wo n't pop open . Too tight and the door wo n't shut because the tension on the cable is keeping the latch open . Even when I found a happy medium , feels like the solenoid barely flicks the latch.This item may work with trunks that are very light , but not for heavy trunk doors/hatch .
 The solenoid does n't have enough power to open up a trunk . You have to get creative in order for this thing to work . May work great for other applications just not as a trunk release .
 Despite the reviews I purchased anyway . Installation was easy , diagrams were easy to follow . Solenoid pulls the lock fine when testing with a screw driver , but when my trunk latches it , the solenoid does not have enough power to pop the trunk . Would have loved to give this 5 stars , but unfortunately I now need to buy a different solenoid and throw this one in the trash .
 I installed this into a Honda Civic , and the solenoid was too weak to open the trunk latch.The push button is also poorly made - the threads for the plastic nut that holds the button in place did not match well with the button . I had to silicone the button in place so that it would hold.Wires are also too short.I would not recommend this purchase .
 I managed to make it work with my 99 Camry LE yesterday.The installation is tricky and I was lucky I found a magic place in the locking mechanism to hook the steel wire.The provided green wire is way too short . I ended up buying additional wire . The trunk release switch is crappy . It does n't work most of the time . Fortunately , I hook it up with a relay from my bulldog ke1702 keyless entry . And that works all the time.Also , grounding is important . If the grounding on the trunk lid is not good , route another wire to a factory grounding point on the body.The most difficult part is not electrical but mechanical . There 's no standard way to hook the steel wire . I took the locking mechanism out and studied a bit . I found a spot where only a little force and moving distance needed to open it . The spot is on the actual movement which locks the latch and it does n't interface with the manual trunk release cable and the arm operated by the trunk key .
 It is not 3 inches like it said . More like 2.5 inches very cheap material . You get what you pay I guess .
 Terrible customer service . Received deffective jack , gears were slipping . Cequent customer service makes returns so difficult & costly they essentially guarantee no returns . Do not deal with a company that does not stand behind their product .
 I have normal sized 31x10 .5 x15 -LRB- 31 '' , normal width -RRB- all terrain tires on my Jeep and this cover wo n't fit . It makes it over the front and sides , but does n't wrap around the back at all . As such , it 's too small to cinch and would likely fly off going down the road . I tried the recommended dryer trick to perhaps stretch it out but that failed to do anything . Make sure you have a narrow tire before you think of buying this . Amazon was great about the return .
 I just needed something to cover up my ugly spare on the jeep . This seemed like a cheap and easy solution . It 's fake vinyl and very thin . For the price it 's not bad , but it 's definitely not a high quality item . The one I got had a 1 inch tear in the fabric already in it right out of the box , so that was disappointing . I am going to return for a refund , but I am not sure it will be worth the trouble for a $ 15 item . Just understand that for the cheap price , you get a cheaply made item that will easily tear .
 The product description was misleading , it indicated a set of tail lights when in fact it only contained 1 side !
 Admitadely I torque on things quite a bit , as I have to absolutely eliminate leaks in my RV water source -LRB- otherwise the leaks get expensive ! -RRB- . But it really should n't break before I even turn the water on . The metal just snapped when I twisted it onto the faucet ... Not worth the hassle of returning it , but I guess it 's back to the old brass Y-valve for me .
 Better initial bight than oem but , they still fade at around the same speeds . And the initial dust is WAY too much , I have white wheels so it was even more noticeable . They have been on there for about a month and they seemed to have stopped `` dusting '' as much . I will never buy them again . Car is a 94 del sol si
 I 'm not sure if this goes for all states , but the license plate frame covers up the sticker in the lower right-hand corner . I know that you MUST have that tag on your license plate in Colorado . The sticker says the last two digits of the year you 're supposed to renew your license plate tags . Hopefully , you ca n't get a ticket for that ! I only used the frame on the front license plate .
 The packaging and sales info online lead me to believe that it would be a great fit for a various selection of tires . My size was right in the middle of the range . The cover is baggy and VERY hard to adjust . Plus , at regular legal driving speeds , the air current fills it up like a balloon . I will be removing it today ! I should have saved the box to return it . DO NOT BUY THIS - spend the extra money and get one specifically made for your CAR !
 This stand is of good quality , but it does NOT lift the front wheel of most sportbikes off the ground . Mine is a Yamaha YZF600 , and the stand is useless with it .
 Pros : I could n't find this anywhere else and they are discontinued so I was happy to find them here.Cons : When I opened the mats , the label was stapled through them , thus creating a few small holes in the mats themselves . -LRB- I was not too happy . -RRB- The color of the gray was another issue ; I have the matching seat covers and a steering wheel cover in my car already , both matched color perfectly . The mats that I received in the mail were not the same color of gray as in the picture . They were more greenish gray and did n't really match . The only reason they 're in my car i because you ca n't really tell the difference if you 're driving.I found the same mats but just blue in O'Reilly 's near my house for only ten dollars , because they were on the clearance rack . I paid 31 for two gray mats that did n't really even match -LRB- whereas the blue mats in the store matched the seat covers and steering wheel cover . -RRB- Overall : I really only bought this product because I could n't find it in stores and it was bugging me that I did n't have matching floor mats with everything else in my car . Overall , I 'd give them two stars .
 The floor mats are just ok . They do look good but they are thin and you can get ones just as good and at a better price at you local walmart . I should have just gotten the rubbermaid or something at walmart instead .
 The rinser does not give a powerful enough spray to actually clean the holding tank . It does n't reach all areas , just the area that the nozzle is pointed to , which is n't much . Very disappointed .
 I purchased this a month ago . . used it the first time let the water flow for 30 minutes thought that was plenty time to rinse the black water tank ... went back camping again 3 weeks later ... the smell almost knocked me out ... I did use a waste breakdown chemical , but it did not rinse the tank out completely . . there is not enough pressure and water coming out of this thing to get to the back of the tank ... very disappointed !
 Very little water actually enters the holding tank , it just trickles out as clear water . May work for flushing the hose but not the talk !
 I thought I was buying a flush king , but I was not paying attention to what I was doing . I do not think this thing is going to work very well . I have one of the small units -LRB- without the gate -RRB- , and it is worthless.The small jet stream will not flush the tank or the hose.Camco 39062 RV Dual Flush Pro Holding Tank Rinser with Gate ValveI think I probably wasted my money
 Does not send the water spray up to any of the holding tanks . Does a great job rinsing the hose .
 We have tried this product several times and found `` IT DOES NOT DISSOLVE '' as advertised . -LRB- Camco 2 Ply RV & Marine Toilet Tissue -RRB- It plugs up against the gate valve so when you open it to dump , the `` solids '' and the tissue can not come through.We have had our Black Tank Line snaked twice due to this product plugging up against the drain line gate valve . -LRB- and yes we use the appropriate chemicals -RRB- `` Do Not '' use this product in your RV . Try `` Thetford '' brand . Although only single ply , it will not plug up your sewer line and it dissolves as advertised .
 The frames on the older versions of this were likely chrome plated castings , and as such were more substantial . The problem with these is that the frames are stamped from stainless steel sheet , and are not stiff enough to fully compress the rubber pads , resulting in a gap between the frame and the gunwale . While it does n't look too bad , I ripped a pair of shorts on the corner of one of these while climbing into the boat .
 I needed brake rotors for my 2001 Celica GT . Application guide stated these AC Delco 18A689 were a direct replacement . I took my front brakes apart to install new rotors , and noticed that these looked somewhat smaller . A quick measurement showed these rotors to be 3/4 '' smaller in outside diameter from OEM sized rotors . Since I put small gouges in original rotors in dismount/remove cycle , am forced to use new , ill fitting rotors . Now , I 'll have to buy another set of rotors for a correct fit . I do n't plan to go through Amazon again . Will buy next set locally . I 'll probably pay a bit more , but have the option to bring them back if not the correct size . I am a bit steamed ... I do n't understand how vendors can get this so obviously wrong . I 've changed rotors a number of times in the past and never had an issue of incorrect size . Buyer BEWARE !
 When I received the package I found that each tube is cut in half . Now I have to have them welded together . This will cost hours of time plus paying for a welder . They could have roll-folded them instead of cutting . So much for saving money by ordering online .
 Garbage product . Broke after only a month of use . Pulled it out of the plug and some parts did n't come with . I 'm just glad it did n't ruin the outlet in the car . I 'd give it zero starts if possible . Shop elsewhere .
 I tried to like this , but I found I had to constantly clean it . The filter would become brown or green and the flow would slow within just a few days at some sites in Canada , within a week or two at many other places . It was a pain to scrub the cartridge over and over . It did n't keep the water clear at one location in Alaska that had brown water , I thought it would do a better job . My filter cartridge developed a hole in it after about a month , not a crack , a hole that looked like it thinned from the inside out - like a manufacturing defect . All in all , the Taste Pure ones work better for me .
 Was very disappointed in pressure drop . I had to remove it because it was intoreable for us . It is really really not even close to 3 gpm . Would not recommend it for serious RV folks . We are on `` city water pressure '' , if we were on campground type pressure I think water would not be able to get through . We went back to the filter we were using . The hunt is still on for the perfect one .
 THIS ITEMS WAS NOT LIKE WHAT I SAW ON THE PICTURES BEFORE ORDERING , THEREFORE I WOULD LIKE TO RETURN THIS ITEMS PLEASE , INTRUCT ME HOW .
 Just what we wanted for our travel trailer . Received promptly and was impressed with the quick delivery . Ordered from Amazon as it was much reasonable price than what we could purchase at a camping store .
 The higher quality hose you get with these the worse off you are . The problem is that the higher the hose , the more softer and flexible it is , the more likely it is to slide between the sidewinder panels when spread out , and fall to the ground in between the panels . That obviously defeats the purpose , because you then have to `` walk '' the hose to dump it.But if you use a plastic hose , this will work . Rubber or flexible , likely it wo n't . And it never really gets to 15 ' -- it only gets to 10 ' or else even the plastic ones will fit between the supports when extended .
 This product started breaking the first time it was used . Used again and broke again . Each time item is used one of the hinges break . Now I have 4 broken sections . This item is only 5 months old . It 's almost like the plastic was not good on this batch . I bought this unit thinking it was a upgrade to the one I had . Not so . Would be nice to get a replacement to see if it was just defective plastic .
 Used it the first time in cool temp not COLD and it snapped off about one and a 1/2 feet of it . Guess plastic is not the way to go with this kind of Item .
 Concept is great and it worked beautifully the first two times we set up our RV . Breaks too easily & we were very careful with it . Broke apart on the third use .
 I bought this and used it once . Setup was a breeze . Had it running under the motorhome . Then it came time to move it , and it broke at the cheap plastic hinge in two places . The hose was empty and not even on it . Not real impressed . This was bought somewhere else brand new , and was not it the sun at all . You get what you pay for I guess .
 This is not the diamond plate tread pattern . Image not clear . Plate has round over bumps on it . I would not suggest this plate .
 this is not at all what it looks like I thought there were diamonds on it and it was just metal waste of money
 I paid more for the postage than the product . I had to take it to a watch shop to get a battery in it , but it still did n't work . The watch shop said it was a mechanical fault and it happens in CHEAP watches .
 No false advertising - it shows an accurate photo except that mine came with a gap between the blue and the stripes on top . But it IS plastic and just may not be the quality you want to display on your car . I got what I paid for , but I should have thought more of what I was buying .
 This product is deceving . Must be the smallest jack pads in the world - maybe you could use them with a pop out camper - definately NOT 5th Wheel Trailer , or Motorhome use . If you want to stablize your camping chair or your BBQ grill , great ! Otherwise buy something else , I did .
 Pads are great for pop-ups if you 're not in dirt . Once the honeycomb gets dirt in it its impossible to clean out without banging the pads into each other and cracking . Switched to the Hosspad , made out of rubber . Heavier but much easier to use .
 The pic used is deceptive and no where is there deminsions of the pads offered . I wished i had read the reviews as i would not have purchased them . Like the previous customer stated , these pads are too small to be used on anything but a toy . Pay more and get something useful.Sorry customer in Michigan
 I purchased these thinking that they would be large enough to fit the 6000 lb . jack stands I bought . but they were not , apparently they are made for tongue jack sizedloads and not for stabilizing jacks . They should only be used on paved lots and not for camping where the surface is uneven or the rv is parked on soil . I am looking for larger pads now , but will keep the small pads for the tongue jack .
 We bought these thinking they would work for our RV hydrolic jacks . They wo n't . They are too small and cheap , our jacks would crush them . We will instead use them for leveling our camp stove .
 I should have known better than to buy these stabilizer jack pads when I could n't find their dimensions anywhere on the net . They would be a great product for jacks that have a small footprint , but my stabilizer jack 's bottom plates are almost the same size as the pads . I got what I paid for and I 'll just use them as drink coasters or something .
 these pads are about 2 inches short to match up fully with the existing base of my scissor jacks , they work ok on solid ground or to protect blacktop , but could be bigger for use on soft ground .
 Total Crappola ! 6 x 6 cheap plastic . I see this cracking as soon as you put weight on it . Never opened it . It was returned the second I took it out of the box . Picture is misleading . They are small ... and cheap !
 Exhaust goes into the roof vents if they 're open and the wind blows it into the motor home . I keep mine open most of the time so it 's useless . I guess it would be OK if all the roof vents are closed .
 I have n't used it yet . I bought it and then read several blogs warning about changing the backpressure of the generator . Then read the generator manufactuer 's blog that warned against using such a unit as it would change the backpressure and might ruin the generator . They did n't say it would or would n't - just that they worry about the impact . I understand they just are CYAing themselves , but my generator is 14 years old and runs like a top ! I do n't want to screw it up ! I really like the idea of the venting system and might still try it , but for now I am leaving it in the box till I talk to a few RVer 's one on one at a big rally .
 I bought this belt for my car . It is a good deal for the price ... . Except I never got this belt . Someone at Amazon thought it was ok to switch brands of belt , and never notified me !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What I got was a Prestone belt , instead of the ArmorMark which is what I thought I was buying !!!!! I am ok with the Prestone belt , but not notifying the customer that you switched brands is known as `` bait and switch '' !!!!!!!! And is illegal !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I reccomend Amazon rethink what they did , and they owe me an apology for the `` bait and switch '' !
 this product arrived opened and missing a suction ... i was very disappointed with this purchase .
 This gun is junk . Tried removing the brass nozzle , and when I finally got it unthreaded , there was some kind of crust inside , like it was sealed closed . How can you have an spraygun that you ca n't remove the nozzle ? Also , you ca n't remove the needle . Tired removing the needle , the back screw is part of the needle , tried backing it out all the way , twisted the needle in half . This gun is n't worth a penny ...
 says produces a white light . Total lie . It produces an amber light not a white light . Do n't be fooled
 The mats where a bit faded like they 've `` been around for a while . '' But I guess the most disappointing thing is that the mats did NOT come with the holes that fit into the pegs on the floor of my ML500 . I probably need to call the company and complain but I 'm sure it 'll be some type of hassel to get it corrected .
 The fuel pump in this picture is not the actual part . The part for this part number looks very different than this one and the output line is only 3/16 . I had to send it back and reorder the correct one which does actually look like the picture but has a different part number .
 All 1973 thru 1977 Monte Carlo 's were not available with manual transmissions , and therefore would not require a flywheel or clutch-disc or clutch release bearing , -LRB- throw-out-bearing -RRB- or pilot bushing.They most certainly would not have the interior clutch pedal either ! I know all ofthis , after converting my own 1974 Monte Carlo into a 454 LS6 , with an M22 Muncie4-speed with a Hurst Comp . Plus Shifter and a 5.13 Zoom rear end ratio.A very fast car , but too much of a -LRB- lead sled -RRB- to be a real threat for anyone witha nice 427 Vette or 55 Chevy big block . More or less -- just a novelty to confuse allthe next generation running all the imports with turbo 's and nitrous . Stan
 BEWARE !!!!!! These lug nuts are mislabeled by Amazon !!!!!!!! Check the gorilla web site , these are 9/16 '' thread size not 14mm x 2 as listed . If you have a ford this is the old size from '99 back , 2000 and up need 14mm .
 What appeared to be a great buy was anything but ! One would think that if an accessory is sold to fit it would be sized by the item it fits , not its own . My exhaust is 3 inches so I ordered this item in the 3 inch size . The item is supposed to slip over the tailpipe but the dimension of 3 inches refers not to the tailpipe it will fit , but to the item 's diameter making it the exact same size as the tailpipe and thus , it will not fit over it like it is supposed to . DO NOT buy as returning it will cost more than than paid for the item .
 I do n't know if the one I got was perhaps a defective run , but they did n't work at all . They had hardly any tar in them . I tried 4 of them , and on every one , air would just come up rapidly through them and come out the two ends that were coming out of the top of the tire . They were completely unlike others that I have used that were very tar-filled , so much so that they are rather difficult to get out from between the two plastic sheets that they came between and leave a bit of tar behind on those plastic sheets . These Slime ones left no tar at all and did n't seem to have much tar in them at all . I returned this pack of Slime plugs and bought a competing brand instead which worked perfectly as expected .
 This item is inexpensive but unreliable . It gives inconsistent readings . 3 out of 4 tires on a small car received 32 PSI readings -LRB- target -RRB- . The fourth showed readings fluctuating from 8 to 36 PSI . I took five readings consecutively ; no two measurements were within 5 PSI of each other . This made me wonder whether the other three measurements were meaningful .
 This is not a patch kit , It does kind of look like one . These patches wont stick for anything . I have a lot of experience patching tires and tubes . I worked in a tire shop for three years and I never had a patch fail . This patch kit is total junk Do not waist your money on this patch kit . Not even if it 's the only one available . It will not work .
 This kit contains 2 tubes of weak rubber cement and an assortment of patches . I tried to use it to patch a bike tube but it wo n't hold . The patches are think and chunky with square edges , not tapered . I tried gluing one on the tube to patch a hole but it would n't stay . The patches are so thick I do n't think you could get the tube in without knocking them off but it did n't get that far . I glued one on with the supplied rubber cement and put weights on it to hold it flat until the glue dried but later the corners of the patch were starting to curl up and I found that I could easily pull it off with my fingers so there 's no way it would hold against the pressure of inflating the tube . These patches might work to fix a puncture if applied to the inside of a car tire but they wo n't work at all on a tube . I do n't know how a company can get away with selling something so worthless , they should all be recalled !
 I did not purchase this kit from Amazon , however , i chose to inform any potential buyer if the complete junk VFiber is of a company . This kit was so thin , you could see completely through it . The fiberglass was of the lowest grade quality i have ever seen . The surface `` plastic '' that composes the other part of the `` vfiber '' was so easy to chip off it was rediculous . The kit was flimsy , fragile , pieces were missing and chipped off when arrived , the mesh insert was NOT even stainless steel , but some thin aluminum garbage . Stay completely away from this POS company and DO NOT EVER buy this kit
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 Dashboard Doll Hula Girl did not stick to the dashboard . it often toppled over . It appears to be too top heavy . Would not recommend .
 We bought these mats for my Scion and the holes do not line up with the tabs that hold them in place and keep them from moving under the gas petal . We thought by buying these expensive mats that we would have a perfect fit . Customer service says they do n't make custom mats if so why do you have to tell them exactly what car they are for . I could have spent 20.00 at Walmart and had a pair that would have fit the same or even better . Why do they put the holes in and sell them to you if the holes are not in the right place . What car do they fit ? Not mine.Customer service is usless . No satisfaction . BUYER BEWARE .
 The magazine ads show a nice product . A set of `` All Weather '' mats to protect your car 's carpet from the snow , slush and water of bad winter weather . At quick glance in the ads they look great and are described as having great wet and slop retention channels - pictures with clumps of snow , etc. . A much closer look and read on-line suggests no high edges on these mats - to retain the melted snow.A clarifying call to the company gets a very surly young lady who says the `` all weather '' mats have no high edges and will not work for snow ! Questioning her about this , since they obviously were advertised for `` All Weather '' and snow , - she becomes even more surly informing me that I must buy the `` Digital-Fit '' mats for much more money to get any kind of water retention edges . She dismissed snow saying many customers do n't have snow and so do n't need that capability.Kind of amazing - this whole adventure with this company ! She became angry because I wanted her `` All Weather '' mats to deal with wet snow - as the photos depicted!Ended up being an unpleasant call with an unpleasant company rep about products that were improperly advertised and priced - everything you do n't want to hear before placing an order and releasing a credit card number .
 My experience was similar to others who have reviewed/purchased these mats . One side fit fine but the passenger side was kind of off everywhere . I emailed Weathertech and they were a little defensive offering an explanation that they ca n't create an exact match for every vehicle out there and in the end they will send you what they believe to be the closest fit possible . That would be O.K. if that is how they marketed their product but they lead you to believe that each mat is a custom fit mat to your exact make and model . I would give them a break on their claims if they did n't charge top dollar while giving you a false sense of security that you are buying an exact fit mat . A good example of getting what you pay for as long as they used your exact model car as the prototype . If not , expect a poor fit .
 I ordered a set of WeatherTech laser fit mats for my 2010 BMW X5 . This product is really disappointing . The passenger and second row mats fit okay . But the driver mat is about inch too small all around . It constantly slides around . They are all made of thin shinny plastic , with no grid underneath to hold them in place . I called their customer service and I was told that I had to use Velcro to hold the driver side mat from moving around ! Really ? How about producing a mat that actually fits ? McNeil never misses an opportunity to tell Americans that these mats are made in the USA . Sorry to say that the quality of this product could n't compete with cheap Chinese knock offs.Bottom line , this is a cheaply made product that is way overpriced .
 I bought two sets of mats . Set for Ford Escape fit okay . The rear Mustang mats fit terribly . I called and was told to cut to fit . I measured and even if cut , would be too wide , so mats were returned . It took forever to get a credit , multiple emails and excuses ! I finally put an amount in dispute with my CC company . When credit was given , it was for the original cost but did not include a refund of the `` original shipping cost , '' as promised by Maria Z.Never again will I do business with WeatherTech !
 They do not fit 2013 Ford Explorer the carpet by the front doors is unprotected , the area that gets the most abuse as you get in -LRB- rocker panels -RRB- You can buy cheap mats that will give the same un-protection . And customer the service manger is the type of person that give companies a bad name.They look good , but I would never buy from Weathertech again .
 My dad , a mechanic of 30 + years , ordered a set of Weathertech custom fit floor liners for my mom 's car . They arrived and they did not fit at all . When I called customer service , they were very rude and claimed that my mom had ordered them incorrectly . After being incredibly disrespectful , they offered to take them back if we paid to ship them back to them . My dad paid $ 150 for a set of floor liners that were worse than a $ 40 set from AutoZone . Do not waste your money . Terrible product . Terrible customer service . Terrible company . -LRB- My dad has never negatively reviewed a product like this before , but he asked me to do this because he was so disappointed . -RRB-
 I purchased 3 sets of Weathertech Digital fit mats for 3 different cars -LRB- 2011 Hyundai Sonata , 2009 Hyundai Sonata and 2006 Nissan Altima -RRB- as Christmas gifts for myself and my two daughters , a cost of over $ 500 . I ordered them around 10th of December 2012 . Order arrived in time for the holidays but not when it was supposed to . Only one set ordered was correct -LRB- 2011 Hyundai Sonata -RRB- . The other two sets were both not the correct fit and the color was way different than what was pictured in the product details . The Tan color was really dark . It was more like beige than a tan . When I called customer service , not only did it take up to four calls and several emails before I actually spoke to someone , and that is because I was persistent and had to keep calling them . They did n't get back to me . I finally got a rep. that seemed as though she would be helpful but she was only helpful for mailing out the return shipping label . After that , it took days before emails were responded to . I finally received the return shipping labels and returned 2 sets . One for a refund and the other was for a replacement of the correct fit items for the car . I was appalled when customer service suggested that I should have tried the items , in each of the cars , to see if they fit the other car . Assuming that they may have put the wrong order in the opposite box and they assumed that the cars were still in the same location . As a said these were gifts for my daughter who happen to live in different states and traveled home for the holidays , I still have not been credited for the returned items nor has the replacement item been shipped . It is now seven -LRB- 7 -RRB- days past when the received the returned items . I ` ve left several messages and still no calls back . I 'm sorry I placed the order for the replacement because I do n't know if the replacement will fit properly and judging how bad the customer service is now , I am not looking forward to any more interaction with this company . They may have a good product , not sure as only one car fit correctly , but their customer service is horrible . The last rep. that I spoke to Haley was extremely rude and nasty and kept cutting me off before I could even finish my sentence and told me that I was the one cutting her off.My suggestion would be save your money and use it where the company better services the customer . I normally will not spend my money where it is not appreciated . There are still some places where good customer service is given ; I prefer to spend my money with those companies . My fingers are still crossed with the remaining order ...
 Ordered Weathertech floor mats for my mom for Christmas -LRB- 2004 Prius -RRB- . It took nearly 1 month to receive the mats . Do n't bother calling customer service as you will likely be on hold for more than a half an hour . When I finally received the floor mats , I was not impressed with the quality when considering the cost -LRB- over $ 120 for just the fronts -RRB- . Would n't purchase from Weathertech again , that 's for sure .
 I placed an order on 12/01/10 . $ 400 worth of floor mats . After 9 calls and a recording telling me the average wait time is 1 1/2 hours , I have given up . They charged my card , and I have no floor mats . I spoke to a Maria on 12/30/10 . She had no clue as to why they had n't shipped yet . She said she would call me back on 1/3/11 . She never called me back . I made 3 more attempts in the past week to call customer service and again
 The drivers side has a hole in the worst spot possible that allows water to drain out into your carpet . This could have been avoided with very little thought on the part of the product designer . The hole accomodates the hook in your carpet to prevent the mat from sliding forward . They could have enclosed with the mold design or provided a snap cover .
 Ordered floor mats for a 2006 Saab 9-5 , shipped on time , but they did not remotely fit my auto . Did not have holes to fit hold down tabs or fit foot wells properly . Called customer service , explained that I had ordered by car model number and was told they did n't make a custom mat for my auto so they shipped me the closest fit they had . I could have purchased a generic set at Walmart that would have been a better fit . Got a return number and was told the refund would not include the $ 15.00 shipping fee or the $ 12.00 return shipping fee . So Iam out $ 27.00 because they did n't tell me they did n't have mats to fit my car . As of this writing , they received my return over a week ago , according to UPS tracking , and I still do n't have a credit for my return . Shop somewhere else this company is all hype and no action .
 I just received the front floor mats for my 2005 Honda Pilot . The passenger side mat fits great . The driver 's side mat does not fit well
 Do n't buy weathertech mats . The glossy high-heel ads in the magazines about the custom made all-weather mats for your car are misleading . They wo n't ruin your life or anything , but they do not actually make all mats to precisely fit a given car , or even connect with the mat-retention hooks for a given car!I ordered a set for my Corvette , and got two mats , four mat retention hooks , and an instruction sheet telling me what to do to my BMW . The passenger-side mat has two blind holes you are supposed to punch out to hook into the floor hooks . The Corvette has only one hook on the passenger side , in the middle.I 'm glad I started on that side rather than the drivers side , because I might have started to try to puncture the blind holes through before I called them . The assistant said that I got ` the right kit ' for my car , and then said that they send ` generic ' mats for some cars , that should fit inthose cases -LRB- if I ignore the hook issue I guess -RRB- , and that if I am not happy , they will arrange a return shipment and refund * if * I have not made any punctures to the mats . If I had tried to follow the instructions I would have been totally out of luck .
 MacNeil has an integrity problem . I ordered mats for my car according to the Web Site specs . When I received the mats I found that I would have to trim the mats to make them fit . Thats not even so bad but the trimming would have negatively effected the water holding capabilities . I phoned MacNeil , explained the problem and received the RMA . I sent back the mats with a note asking for my the full invoice proce back + my shipping charges . They were received on March 5th . I did not receive the credit until March 31st . I would imagine they did this to bolster their month end numbers ... whatever.The credit was for the full invoice which included shipping to me ... hooray . I did not receive my $ 7.00 shipping costs back . No phone call , no EMAIL explanation , nothing . On 3/31/10 , I called to state my case , left a message for `` Pat '' . I received no return calls.BTW . The original shipping cost was $ 15.00 from their warehouse to my house . We are in the same county . It cost me less than 7.00 to send them back . I think they jacked up the shipping charges just a little.So , it cost me $ 7.00 because of MacNeil 's poor web site . Believe me , it 's not the seven bucks . Its the poor customer service and unethical jacking of the shipping that is the reason for this complaint.Never going back to these guys !!
 I can not give my opinion on their product as I have not received it yet . However , I can tell you their customer service is TERRIBLE ! I ordered floor liners on January 4 , 2010 . They promptly charged my credit card and confirmed receiving my order January 5th . Today is January 28th 2010 and I still do not have my liners . I have e-mailed them twice , no response . I have talked to their rude customer reps and even their sales manager , Derick , only to have them tell me that they 're backed up and my order will be sent as soon as they are manufactured . I wrote a letter to David MacNeil , the owner of MacNeil Automotive , to let him know of the poor service his business is conducting . But of course , no response.I will update this forum if and when I get the floor liners .
 I purchased a set of WeatherTech all weather mats for my 2002 FJ Cruiser . If you own a FJ DO N'T BUY THESE MATS . They do n't fit , the formed well for the stock mats is smaller than the WeatherTech mats and as thus they leave a pocket just in front of the accelerator peddle . This pocket is where you would place your foot and cause the mats to lift up under the peddle . Remember the Toyota Recall for floor mats interfing with the accelerator?I contacted the company and request to return the mats for a full refund , they indicated they will pay only one way , I have to eat the shipping cost for the other direction . I find this completely unacceptable , I thought I was dealing with a quality company , regretfully they are lacking in this area . I will never purchase from this company again .
 Bought those for my Subaru . Very cheap material , poor design . Especially considering the price WeatherTech is selling it for . Front mats do not have carpet spikes underneath . It slides around , making it difficult to get in and out the car . Most likely you will be much better buying from a different manufacturer
 Purchased digit floor liners for 2011 Cadillac SRX . Fit is not great but the real problem is they will not stay in place . Designed to fit over factory retaining posts , they do not fit securely and move every time you get in or out . Finally too much of a hassle to endure . Replaced with weathertech all weather mats which is a much better product from the same manufacturer . A waste of money for the SRX .
 I ordered the All Weather , Weathertech floor mats for my Audi A3 . While they look good , they do n't fit . The notches to stop the mat from slidding onto the accelorator and causing a bad accident , do not fit . Weathertech would not pay the shipping to send these mats that do n't fit back . They offered to sell me the digital ones for $ 169 that might fit . Do not buy Weathertech . They do not stand behind their products and they do not fit the car .
 I ordered the floor liners for front and back of Toyota Camry 2009 , priced high , poor fit and the customer service is a joke . I was instructed by Email on different ways to Jerry Rig the mats to get them to fit right . From turning them inside out and placing a brick on them to reshape , to placing them out in the sun for 48 hours . The mats are puckered on both sides . Finally they sent me a new front set , they fit for about three hours and then they were puckering too ! Funny they also sent me a few strips of velcro to keep the puckers out , maybe they have had this problem before , you think ? Please think twice before purchasing this product .
 Purchased the liners for my 2011 Subaru Forester . Took Weather Tech quite awhile to design the liners for this car . I had been using the Husky brand of liners , but was not really happy they way they allowed debris to get under the liner . When the Weather Techs arrived I was very disappointed in the coverage of the front liners , they were not nearly as good as the Husky brand . The rear liners were just plain poor quality for the price . Buy the Husky brand . They 're not great but certainly better than Weather Tech .
 Do n't even bother ! I ordered Weathertech floorliners for a 2012 Honda Crosstour . What a lousy fit , and what inconsistency in materials ! The front drivers side is too narrow , leaving a significant gapping between door threshold and center floor hump . It does n't have the grommet holes as illustrated on all promotional advertizing , leaving the liner to slip forward and back and side to side when ever you move your feet - its a loose-as-a-goose fit ! The rear liner does not fit over the hump properly . There is a significant void or bubble under the portion that goes over the hump , as though it was designed for a larger center hump . The only mat that fits correctly is the front passenger side . It think these must be a one-size-fits-all design , even though I was asked to specify when I ordered them the make , model and year of the car , and whether they car was all-wheel drive or 2-wheel drive . But in fact , the label on the delivery box says `` Honda Crosstour 2010 + '' . Does n't give me much comfort when I ordered mats for a 2012 Honda Crosstour , 2WD . Also disappointing - the front and rear mats use a different quality materials . The rear mat is a more flexible rubber-like material that actually has a pleasing visual quality due to its matte finish . The front mats are of a more rigid , plastic-like material that has the sheen of cheap plastic , which is now dulled in those areas where your feet rest after just one weekend trip.I called customer service to ask for help . I was told by a Maria that she would have the engineers look at that model to see if the fit was correct . She assured me that she has my contact inforrmation , but I 've never heard back.My stong advise - do n't be fooled by impressive promotional adds . These things are not at all what they claim . The fit is poor , the materials are substandard , the price is high , and the service is lousy . What a huge dissappointment !
 kind of fits ... cheap plastic ... nothing holds them in place ... they just slide around ... step on them once and they are maked for the life of the product . cheap plastic scratches easy . Way too expensive for the quality .
 I bought these for my husband on our wedding anniversary so ca n't return them but definitely would otherwise they are not worth it . The image shows a close fit and how they fit over part of the door sill this is not correct it gaps at the side by the drivers door . I rang Weathertech and there answer was ITS ONLY A REPRESENTATION well it 's a false representation my hubby 's car was a 2010 Lincoln MKS so not an older model . DO N'T BUY U WILL B DISAPPOINTED
 Bought two set , one for my Pick Up and one for my Mustang . The order form asked what cars they were going in . The Mustang set did n't fit -LRB- no hole -RRB- and are really hard to clean and the pick up set fits good but are impossible to clean . Always dirt left even using a power washer . I would have been better of with a cheap set for $ 20 instead of over a $ 100.00 . Oh well live and learn .
 Purchased the Digital Fit mat for a 2500 HD Chevy Truck . They slipped Everywhere . There is nothing that holds the passenger mat in the truck and I and a couple other people actually slipped out of the truck when trying to enter . The driver 's side should have came with a rention hook but did not . They are sending one of those and are instructing me to Velcro the passenger side and `` that thing will not go anywhere '' . We 'll see , however for this amount of money and the Digital Fit promise ... I should n't have to find velcro and try to get these things to not slide.I explained to customer service that I will try these ` corrections ' and see if they work but that if they still slide at all I 'm returning them . This is a Huge Safety issue . That 's how slick they are , someone could get very hurt . Customer service even made the comment , `` We have found that it is user error when entering the truck '' '' You are not entering correctly to adjust for the mat '' . WHAT ???? I explained it was not just myself who practically felt out of the truck when the mat slid out , it was others as well.Do Not buy . Get molded rubber mats and save your money .
 I have bought mats from WeatherTech for two prior vehicles and have been very satisfied with both the quality and fit of the product . I was anticipating a similar experience when purchasing all weather mats for my 2001 Subaru Outback . Everything shipped as promised ... I opened the package with great anticipation . I noticed something did n't look right as soon as I opened them and as I compared them to my original carpet mats , it became clear that these mats were significantly different.I called customer service and got right through . Verified my vehicle and the mats shipped and was informed that they do n't have exact fit mats for every car -LRB- even though it is implied on their website and there is no disclaimer stating that they might not be an exact match -RRB- and that these were the closest to what I would need . REALLY ?!?! If I wanted `` close enough '' floor mats I would have gotten generic ones from a local auto parts store for about half the price and not vehicle specific ones ! I told the customer service rep that it would have been nice to know they would not fit before purchasing them . I asked if I could return them and he very dutifully and helpfully gave me the return information . I clarified and found they would give me a full refund for the mats ... but not for the shipping!After realizing that I would eat the shipping for both directions -LRB- $ 30 total and still not have any floor mats -RRB- I decided to `` customize '' the mats myself . Lesson learned , I will certainly consider other options before ordering from WeatherTech again ! At the very least , I would advise a phone call to WT before buying anything from them .
 I bought a set of WeatherTech All Weather Floor Mats for my 08 Honda Element.The picture on their site shows what looks similar to my floor board of my car with the floor mat fitting perfectly.I go to put them in and they DO NOT fit at all!I called to get an RMA # so I could send the product back , I explain I felt mislead about the product from the picture on the site and the rep acted like I was stupid for buying the product.I feel they MISREPRESENTED the product I bought , the mats do not fit and I am out $ 30 . in shipping fees to get my money back!I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER PRODUCT FROM WEATHERTECH.COM !
 I purchased a set of these mats for a Toyota RAV4 . The contour fit is very good and they appear to be of good quality . The texture could be improved to provide better foot traction when wet . Climbing in and out of the vehicle with wet feet causes a lot of slipping . This is the only reason I would not give the product 5 stars .
 I purchased the Weather Tech # 46248-1-2 mats for my daughter 's 2010 Hyundai Elantra for Christmas . I ordered them on Dec 9 , 2011 and they finally arrived on December 22 , 2011 . Nothing like cutting it close . The order started on line then , having some questions , I called the customer service department where they answered my questions and completed the order.Now the advertisement and adds all state the the mats are digitally designed for your make and model vehicle , for a perfect fit . Not true !! My daughter 's model has 2 -LRB- two -RRB- retention devices on her floor . I was not aware of this . When you put in the make and model you only have one choice for retention device , there is no other option . So one would think that the vehicle has 1 -LRB- one -RRB- retention device . Not true . When I called today they informed me that they are aware of the fact that there are 2 -LRB- two -RRB- retention devices and that the design is incorrect . The person tried to make it my error not theirs . The quality is not worth what you pay either.The trunk # 11AVMCG mat is a universal mat that you have to cut to size . They show that there are lines to follow which allows you to customize the mat to your truck . Again not true . The lines are not that easy to follow since a good portion of cutting needs to be where there are no lines to cut . Furthermore the mat is not wide enough at the front of the truck to cover the entire area of an Elantra . It falls short by about a foot on either side . So again the universal mat is a waste of time and money too . So after spending $ 2l9 .85 plus $ 18.00 for shipping for a grand total of $ 242.80 . I now have to return these mats . My son just informed me all I had to do was call the dealership and I could have purchased the mats from them and I would have not had a problem.So for you shoppers out there prior to purchasing from a Weather Tech check with your dealership and see if they have there own mats that will actually fit your Make , year and model of your vehicle and you wo n't have to pay for shipping.Totally disappointed .
 I am very disappointed in the Weathertech floor mats for my F-150 . The fit is not perfect and I can not get them clean . I scrub with soapy water and then rinse with clean water and when dry , they still look dirty . 2 months old and they look old and shabby . For the money , $ 200 , they are very poor value , I feel I was ripped off
 Bought these mats for my subaru , the fit and finish is very pour for the price I payed . The front mats fit too loosely and do not have carpet spikes underneath . The mats slide around and make it difficult to get in and out . I should have bought husky liners like my husband has in his truck . They fit good and do not more , oh yah and they are alot cheaper . Knowing what I know now I would never buy these , so dont you make the same mistake .
 While trying different options for moving product -LRB- rv refrigerators -RRB- at work , this was one of 4 suction cups I purchased . Not only does this not stick to much of anything , there is flash all around the sealing surface , making it nearly impossible to function . At this point , it is a funny looking paper weight . Buy the The Astro Pneumatic 9038 Suction Cup 6-inch , see my review there .
 These mats are NOT PINK !! The ones I got are a light orange color & the darker area is like a burgundy color . However , there 's no way to return them ! It says they 're pink , and there are no other color options to get ! I tried to talk to someone about the situation but was ignored . So now I 'm stuck with $ 30 floormats that are the equivelant of garbage to me .
 I am not sure if scientifically it is sanitizing any air but I smell some sort of burning aroma after turning ON unit . I thought this will go away after some uses . But it did not even after a month of use .
 Bosch 03320 Distributor CapThis product does not fit `` distributorless '' Mitsubishi models contrary to the description on Amazon web site . Please verify your car model design prior to ordering .
 I bought these for my '08 Xterra , along with those for the rear seats . The rear seats fit but the front passenger seat cover did not.I called the number on the instructions and I was directed to email pictures of the cover on the car , showing where and how it did n't fit . I did this and after a few days they got back to me by email.After a few exchanges of information and more pictures , they agreed the covers had not been cut properly so were sending a replacement . When the replacement arrived , I could see it was n't even for this vehicle at all ; the cutout for the seat back release did n't exist for one thing and there were cutouts where none were needed . I immediately got back to them on their customer service website with these problems but they had already closed out the service ticket so I had to start a new one.It 's been a week and I have n't heard from anyone yet . Hopefully I will . At $ 150 a pair , these things should fit like a glove and their customer service should be more responsive .
 Amazon really needs to stop selling items that advocate animal cruelty . We should all love animals and be kind to them . Why would anyone produce such an evil message to bash cats and torture them ? This is a sick bumper sticker and should not even be sold .
 That is disgusting , I would rather have the nuke Flaujhila bumper sticker before this . Shame on the people who thought this up .
 I am appalled that Amazon.com even sells this item . This sticker is not only NOT funny but morally reprehensible . Animal lovers should let amazon.com how offensive this is .
 As a cat lover , I find the sentiment expressed by this bumper sticker to be unspeakable . Any bumper sticker that espouses violence is to be avoided . This is a bumper sticker that only a sick individual would affix on his or her car . Do not buy this bumper sticker !
 even though this set was the correct part number for my car , 3 of the spark plug wires were 6 &#34; too short .
 I bought these for my '08 Xterra , along with those for the rear seats . The rear seats fit but the front passenger seat cover did not.I called the number on the instructions and I was directed to email pictures of the cover on the car , showing where and how it did n't fit . I did this and after a few days they got back to me by email.After a few exchanges of information and more pictures , they agreed the covers had not been cut properly so were sending a replacement . When the replacement arrived , I could see it was n't even for this vehicle at all ; the cutout for the seat back release did n't exist for one thing and there were cutouts where none were needed . I immediately got back to them on their customer service website with these problems but they had already closed out the service ticket so I had to start a new one.It 's been a week and I have n't heard from anyone yet . Hopefully I will . At $ 150 a pair , these things should fit like a glove and their customer service should be more responsive .
 this is stupid , if you think its funny than you are too
 I purchased this fan to use as a pusher fan for the a/c condensor . When I received the fan , the clip that holds the fan blades in place was missing . I had to return the fan for an exchange . The exchange was easy thanks to Amazon . When I received the replacement fan , I installed it without any issues.The fan worked and moved a good amount of air , but the plastic blades were unbalanced causing a booming noise in the cabin when turned on . I took the blade off and noticed the blade itself was not true and wobbled a bit when spun . I reinstalled the fan and used it for a few more weeks when the motor suddenly stopped working without any warning .
 I am disappointed with this Dayco pulley . While replacing the idler pulley in my BMW 323I , I noticed the lubrication coming out of the bearing . My other pulleys are made by Gates . They are working just fine . I think I will use OEM or Gates in the future .
 The product had defective wire -LRB- crimp missing in one of the wires -RRB- . I had to wait 5 days before I received the second set . In the second set it did not have the right wire for # 1 cylinder . I ended up buying 1 from the GM dealership . Very bad experience
 The cables are made in the USA , which is great , but they are not copper cables . They are the much cheaper `` copper clad aluminum '' cables that are of much lower quality . The product description states , `` Extra Heavy-Duty '' and `` the strongest consumer grade available '' , which CCA is not . I need the jumper cables for emergency use only so they hopefully wo n't be used much . If you need to unroll and roll up the cables often look for copper cable , not this product . This kind of information should have been in the product description , but then if it was , I would n't have made this purchase .
 These cables are made with aluminum wire which has been tarted-up with a copper coating . The jaws are steel , also deceptively copper plated . The insulation on the wire is some cheesy substance that I suspect will crack and fall off within a few years . I would rate these three stars if they were sold as what they were , instead of pretending to a quality that they do n't possess . If you need a long set of jumper cables that will start your car , and you do n't expect them to last too long , these will probably do the job for you . If you expect quality components and a lifetime of service from the tools you buy , keep looking .
 Cables are crimped to the clamps . They should be soldered.These are fragile at best . So I 'm looking for a better setfor our work vans.Thanks
 These jumper cables are not very good . The wire is Aluminum and the battery clamps are poor quality -LRB- steel teeth on one side -RRB- . You really have move the clamps around on the battery post to get a good connection . The two times that I have had to use them I had to grab a DC current meter to check for current flow and then had to playwith the clamps to get a good connection . Best thing that can be done to this cable set is to cut the ends off and solder on a good set of jumper cable clamps from Napa . By the time you do that you could have just spent $ 100 on a much better set of jumper cables .
 I purchased the Truxedo Truxport for a brand new Ranger and although it arrived well earlier then stated on the shipping document , the order was incomplete . This product was shipped from Trends Auto . The box had only straps to seal it but was not sealed on the ends . It did not include any of the attachment hardware -LRB- clamp assemblies -RRB- , and am not sure what else is missing . After contacting Truxedo several times , the best they offered for the situation was to send some clamps via snail mail and I would received them in a week to ten days . Truxedo indicated that this was fairly common , as one of the first questions asked was if the box ends were taped or not . Of course they were not . You 'd think if this is a known problem with them they would get this resolved instead of shipping boxes with incomplete product to their vendors , and in turn on to the customers.Later I heard from Crissy at Trend Auto who just became aware of the situation and absolutely stood up and took care of the situation shipping a complete replacement order and taking care of returning the defective order . Unbelievable the difference between the two companies , vendor absolutely cares about their customers , manufacturer does not.Support Trend Auto they will take care of you . Just be aware of Truxedo . I can assure you the Truxedo logo will not remain on the new replacement tonneau .
 Specifically bought for corvette and it does n't fit . What a piece of junk ! I wo n't be buying anymore k & n products .
 This item is so short you would have to bend over and practically stand on your head to use it . The seat was horribly difficult to get down and I would n't trust it to set on ... very unstable . I would NOT advise anyone to purchase this item .
 me cobran por el disco , despu&eacute;s me salen que ya se descontinuo , y que me devolver&iacute;an el dinero . ya nada ni dinero ni disco.vendedor no confiable !!
 It 's just a simple switch , what could go wrong ? Made in China - says it all . It actually did n't work ! How is that possible , you say ? Because the bottom of the screw knob has to come in contact with the top plate in order to complete the connection . This unit was not manufactured properly . The bottom of the screw did not project below the plastic casting of the green knob . It was necessary to file away excessive plastic in order to maintain contact . A switch like this can not be allowed to operate inconsistently . Depending on your particular vehicle , it will permanently damage your alternator tf it disconnects while the engine is running .
 I bought this one because of the price and it was a waste of eight bucks ! The cheap brittle metal crumbles before you even get it installed . Do n't bother with this brand , the quality is non-existent .
 I purchased this item and found it both easy to install and that it worked just as described . I found no problems with `` brittle metal '' . With a couple turns of the knob in a counter-clockwise direction my battery is completely disconnected . Tightening the knob reconnects the battery simply and quickly . *** UPDATE *** Well , after about 16 months I started having issues with my car dying at lights -LRB- intermittently -RRB- and a couple issues with the car not starting . I was able to isolate the issue to this part . I replaced it with one from a different manufacturer and I am back in business . Original rating - 5 stars New rating - 2 stars . Such a simple part should not break or wear out in 16 months . Too bad , the design is very convenient .
 Tightened the device for the first time and the connector broke . It seems that the material used is too flimsy for the job . My advice ? , stay clear off this device , look for another make .
 I ordered this part for my Mercedes C32 AMG because the description said it would fit . When I got the part and compared it to the original , it was n't even close . This part will probably fit a normal C-class vvehicle , but it does not fit the AMG model . The return process was very easy though , so I 'm happy with that .
 Bought this item using the find parts from amazon paying 2 day delivery Shipping & Handling
 there is not enough information on the website for this product , I ordered the wrong one , and it is not returnable , because its electronic , I hav n't even opened the plastic wrap , basically I threw away my money
 These might make a great addition to a costume or maybe work great for off-road riding , but I warn any fellow riders looking for street-riding goggles to look elsewhere . These essentially eliminate your peripheral vision to a point where riding in any traffic would be extremely dangerous . Save your money and your life , look elsewhere .
 No way these could be over-glasses goggles . Poor construction , terrible fit . My dog 's Doggles are a thousand percent better product .
 I bought this for my Tundra and it was supposed to fit my year.As I did n't get it installed within 30 days I 'm stuck with it . Bearings were smaller than what I pulled off.Toyota put 1 rear in these trucks and I 've had it the whole time.And I ca n't sell it because I do n't know what it fits .
 I like to shop from Amazon , but this purchase was a mistake . I bought this switch , and the product is still working as a switch , but the knobs are low quality and can be broken very easily -LRB- which happened in my case , just few months after the purchase . It is made by Standard Motor Products . Amazon redirected me to the manufacturer , but they claimed that `` These switches usually last for more than ten years , but unfortunately the warranty for this product is only 3 months/3000 miles . Sorry we could n't be of more assistance . `` This warranty period is not stated anywhere in the product description . Also , they will not repair the switch , you just have to buy another one.Don ' t buy it - try to find another manufacturer with at least 12 months warranty .
 Very cheaply made , but it works but the price was right . Hopefully I will not own this car before it goes bad again . I have had problems with other Dorman products . You get what ya pay for .
 They look and feel ok , except that the rubber nibs from one mat sink into the one below it so it looks like you have a bunch of perforations in the mat -LRB- I 'm assuming this is from when they are in storage or are packed -RRB- . I would guess that this would go away after some use . Unfortunately they must have cut to the wrong pattern because they did not fit my car at all . I am returning them and will probably order from someone that maintains inventory specifically for my make/model .
 They look and feel ok , except that the rubber nibs from one mat sink into the one below it so it looks like you have a bunch of perforations in the mat -LRB- I 'm assuming this is from when they are in storage or are packed -RRB- . I would guess that this would go away after some use . Unfortunately they must have cut to the wrong pattern because they did not fit my car at all . I am returning them and will probably order from someone that maintains inventory specifically for my make/model .
 Found this product hard to wipe off . Smeared car finish and required a lot of effort and still did not not come off entirely . Not recommended for exterior vinyl trim - ran off on to car finish and smeared further . Would not buy again .
 I have been buying K&N products for all my cars and motorcycles for 30 years , THIS finally ended my relationship with K&N . I 've paid a premium for K&N products over the years for a reason . They just eliminated that reason . If they do n't have the decency to manufacture their overpriced products in the USA , I will not use this filter or any other K&N product on my overpriced Ducati -LRB- or any other of my vehicles -RRB- . K&N should state beforehand that they -LRB- along with most other USA companies -RRB- have `` sold out '' , at least then I would not have felt duped . Maybe that is why the other reviewer is having so much trouble with this filter .
 The look , fit and installation were all great . It installed easily and looked good but performance lacks . I locked the mechanism and tried the handle . It put up a little resistance and then with a minimal amount of extra force , the handle popped open . I then took it back out to verify I had installed it correctly ... I did . I immediately removed the unit , boxed it back up and returned it for a refund .
 This item does not fit a 2010 Chevrolet Silverado as Bully says . I ordered one from streetsideauto and it does not match . Now I am fighting with them over the return fees .
 Not happy , in picture shows handle , but when you get it only has outside bezel . Now I still need a handle in which the pictures shows it with it .
 It takes a LOT of pressure turning the key to make it lock . I can feel a broken key in my near future . Spend the extra dollars and get a higher quality version .
 I purchased this lock and after I put it on my truck I could still open my tailgate if I pulled the handle hard enough . This lock is a waste of money .
 The quality of the bevel -LRB- plastic casing -RRB- is great and would look nice on a truck . The metal components of the locking mechanism itself look strong and decent enough quality . I installed this on a 2005 Chevy Silverado and it did not work ! Basically , when the lock is engaged it prevents the tailgate release mechanism from being able to compress enough to open the gate . Well , what happened with mine is that I just needed to add a little pressure -LRB- very minimal -RRB- and the mechanism slipped right past the lock ! I made adjustments and did everything I could to make it work but there is no way that this lock mechanism was going to stop the tailgate from opening . It is a great idea . I really liked the engineering behind it when I first looked at it . At the end of the day it just simply would not work for me ! It very well may work on you truck and I would say that it is worth a shot ... especially for the f our teen dollars I paid for it . Hopefully I get a refund and can try a different product .
 This lock installed relatively quickly and easily , but does n't really work . The locking mechanism interferes with the operation of the handle , but if you pull hard enough you can get the tailgate latches to release and open the gate . Plus , after doing that , the pressure on the locking mechanism now makes turning the key VERY difficult . Good thing it did n't cost much and the rear door for my new cap blocks the tailgate from opening or I would be a lot angrier .
 I just finished installing this on my 2002 GMC Sierra Pickup . First , it 's a weak design and made the tailgate more difficult to open as the latch levers have to push against the cam levers of the lock . The lock is often difficult to engage unless the existing latch is ` snapped ' a couple of times to get everything properly aligned . Finally , I was having trouble getting the screw to engage the threads in the mounting bracket . On close inspection the threads in the bracket had been damaged during manufacturing . There were slivers of steel wedged in the threads that would not allow the screw to start . I had to get a tap and rechase the threads to clean them up enough to work.I have it all working , but I think it is a weak design and poorly made . I would not recommend it .
 This design needs some work . Here the issues that I had :1 -RRB- tabs do n't hold -LRB- not long enough -RRB- and bezel wants to fall off2 -RRB- sides do n't do n't sit flush to the truck3 -RRB- locking mechanism is very tight and needs grease
 It is very difficult to install . The design is poor which is odd as the quality -LRB- other than the bezel-more on that later -RRB- does not seem all that poor . The bolt provided to install this would not line up with the hole of the latch . I was finally able to get it to catch after over a half hour of unnecessary effort . The design seems to depend on a precarious balance between the rods to the rounded ends of the latch . The instruction do not help at all here which sadly , are expected nowadays . I finally got it lined up after much more unnecessary effort and I would assume , some luck . It worked several times afterwards , though the key turns extremely hard and will certainly break eventually . Then it did stop working . We were on vacation so I could not fix it until we returned home , placing our belongings at risk . I spent much more unnecessary -LRB- from the aspect of say , making a decent product that actually works -RRB- labor to align all parts , oil liberally , clean the oil from the tailgate finish several times over the next week , etc. . Now for the bezel . The bezel does not appear to be for a 2005 Silverado as claimed . The tabs are spaced incorrectly -LRB- they are too close together -RRB- to fit the notches in the tailgate metal . It falls off repeatedly . This evening , I spent more time -LRB- apparently it is necessary as there is no other way to use this inferior product -RRB- to file the notches down so they are able to catch the back of the tailgate skin . I have doubts this will hold but after reading other reviews -LRB- how this legitimately received so many five star reviews is a real mystery -RRB- about return fees , I will take my $ 15 lump and learn from it . My goal is now only to warn others , use this `` latch '' until the next failure which is likely soon , then find one that actually works , and avoid this brand in the future .
 It worked great for about two months of having it , after that the tailgate was able to break past its locking mechanism and now I have to go looking for a new one ...
 Purchased this for a 04 Chevy Silverado Z-71 . After messing with this for over an hour and a half , it is now installed . We had to rethread it so that we could actually get a bolt to screw in and the bolt that was sent was a weird thread so we ended up using our own . It also does n't allow my tailgate handle to completely lower when you let go of it because the it is hitting the lock . I would not purchase this product . Chevrolet ought to standardize this on every new truck so we do n't have to deal with that . We will see how long this piece of crap lasts , from the other reviews , it looks like not very long .
 I purchased one of these locks about a year after buying my 2002 K2500HD brand new . It lasted about 1.5 years . How do you wear out a tailgate lock ? Beats me . What I can tell you is that in addition to making the tailgate handle difficult to move , the cheapo bezel they include falls off . Nothing like a brand new truck that sheds parts . I bit the bullet again and bought a second one . Same problems , although I was able to catch the bezel before it fell off . After attacking the locking mechanism with my dremel tool and covering it with lubricant , it worked acceptably . This one lasted until it was replaced about a week ago with a Pop & Lock product . The Bully lock uses a weird wedge device that blocks the factory release mechanism for the tailgate , which can be VERY picky if it is n't aligned properly . Replacing the factory bezel with a poor quality replacement is n't the best approach either , especially when it falls off and you need to buy a new lock to get it replaced.In comparison , the Pop & Lock product is of a much higher quality , does n't require removal of the factory bezel -LRB- it actually helps hold it on -RRB- and works better . They even use a security screw so that you ca n't remove the lock with an end wrench like the Bully . It does n't interfere with the factory mechanism and looks great . In addition , I met the Pop & Lock folks at the SEMA show and they could n't have been nicer . They take a lot of pride in their product and tried to give me a new lock after hearing my Bully story ! How cool is that?Looking back , I was stupid for buying a second Bully because the Pop & Lock is much better in every way .
 Because it 's so cheap , and the only match I could find , I 'll probably buy another one but would n't recommend it . The thing broke in less than a week making it impossible to open the tailgate without pushing on one of the release bars with a screwdriver.The only thing I will say that is not included in description , yes it does come with the lock and keys and hardware ; crappy picture shown for a crappy product .
 Received the BULLY lock , and when I tried to install the retaining bolt/screw was WAY too big for the threaded hole in the lock . Had to drive off to the hardware store to find the correct screw . Would I recommend this item ? NO WAY . the quality control is no-existent here . One would think that a simple screw should be easy , but no . I should have disputed the CC charges but it is also very cumbersome .
 This part looks good but it is not OEM and therefore does not stay in place and easily falls off when you open the tailgate If not careful . It would work well if it would stay in place and not come off so easy . It is a good idea and would work well if it was made to stay in place and would n't fall off everytime you open the tailgate .
 The design may lock the mechanism so so , but bump it a little and it pops open even when locked . . The plastic bezel doesnt snap into place like it is supposed to and every time i drop the tail gate it falls off.So , not very satisfied at all !!
 This item would not snap in properly AND the buttons were jammed up so they could not be used.Very disappointed .
 I bought this filter to go on my Suzuki Kingquad 750 and it fit perfectly . I used the filter foam oil as suggested but after I went for a test ride the issues began to surface . I think the Kingquad is very sensitive to the foam oil or it was sucking way too much air because I could hear a sucking sound around the air box . My four wheeler was backfiring like crazy and would n't hardly idle so I shut it off and removed this filter and reinstalled the stock filter . Problem solved.Uni Filter air filters are very good filters and I 've used them in the past and a huge fan . I used them on my Honda CR 500 and they are awesome . This was a let down for me with my Kingquad as I expected much better performance . I 've decided to keep the filter since it 's oiled and ready to go but I may try to dry the filter out a little more and run it again . It may have too much oil in the foam and that was getting sucked into the fuel injection . It 's just a theory I have so I 'll report back when I try it .
 do not buy ... says it fits car but does not . . do not buy !!!!!! Go to a real parts store , where you can get the right part the 1st time !!! I cant even return this usless part .
 this product is a joke and must have not been tested on the cars its supposed to fit properly ... bought it for a 94 integra gsr and the screw in adapter is at least a 2mm to long thus not allowing the plate to get tight and seal ... had a spare block so even tested it out on it with the same result ... no seal means bad oil leak ... hope this helps some other ppl out
 Item was received asan Xmas gift . It broke within the first two weeks , I also almost lost my keys several times during the two weeks I used it .
 I really needed something to organize all my keys and found this at a local retailer . Terrible mistake .1 -RRB- The LED button pops off constantly and I lost the battery within 2 days . No more light for me .2 -RRB- The build quality is very poor and the latch would often lock so that I could not detach the keys .3 -RRB- After a few months it broke in half and now all my keys are separateIf you want to lose your keys and be frustrated , this is perfect .
 I only used 2 of the rings for my car and work keys . They kept coming out of the base part-luckily I did n't lose them . Finally gave up on it and bought a different one .
 The build quality , fit and finish of this keychain is below par . The key rings do n't slide very smoothly , but it does get the job done in terms of being able to quickly attach and remove the various keyrings . One major gripe I have is that after using the keychain for a couple of days the battery cover for the light came off ... I do n't know how because the keychain simply went in and out of my pocket several times a day -LRB- this is what I call ` normal use ' -RRB- . The battery cover connects the 2 batteries for the light to function , so now that there is no battery cover , the light is inoperable . So at the end of the day , this thing does hold my keys , but I would n't buy another one .
 I ordered this item for my 2009 Dodge Ram 1500 . No way will it fit . Found out later that this item if for 2010 - 2012 Dodge Rams . I returned it to Amazon for a full refund .
 Contrary to what the manufacturer and amazon claim this does NOT fit a 2009 ram 1500 . Beware if you own this vehicle .
 Even at the low price I paid this item was n't worth it as the first of the two studs that hold it in place broke with very little pressure when I went to tighten the nut on it . No way to fix properly .
 Received only 1 star for the following reason . Bully LH-007 tailgate lock is easy to install , but I learned that when you tighten up the 8mm nuts that hold it in place the outside edges do not flush up to the tailgate body . Either the plastic material is cheaper than the factory unit and flexes out when the center of the unit becomes tight , or it is molded with a little warp in it . Called the factory to discuss with them the problem and they tried to make me believe it was my doing that caused the unit not to flush up to the tailgate . I gave them an opportunity to replace it but to no avail . They suggested I return it to Amazon for a replacement . Obviously , this would cost me more in postage that the unit is worth . I am determined to put some kind of seal around the unit to make it water tight , but for all those that are considering the purchase , beware that the unit may NOT flush up properly , and if you have a problem of any kind the factory may not stand behind the product .
 I had to send this back , because the Amazon description is so bad . It fits Dodge Ram 1500 for LATER years , not earlier . Before buying one of these , make sure it fits your truck . I bought this one , read the package , called the manufacturer , and learned that I needed LH-006 rather than this one . Once I got the right one , it worked fine .
 I ordered this product for a 2000 GMC pickup . I carefully went thru the selection process to insure that I received the right lock . When it arrived the packaging said it was for a Dodge Ram . I text-messaged with Amazon customer service -LRB- India -RRB- , and was assured that it was the right device . It was clearly wrong , and of course would not fit my truck . I talked to an Amazon rep , they agreed that that manufacturer had no product that would fit my truck and accepted responsibility for the return .
 I thought this product was Great , But I was very dissapointed when I apply it with the Sponge that comes with it , It was n't Shine at All ... `` IT WAS A FLAT DOLL BLACK TIRE '' Maybe some people like it like that ... I DON `` T.You have to improve this product from the beginning and do not advertise it like it Shines OK.Thanks!C.A . Saint Louis , MO
 the item i ordered look like this , but what i got was some plastic piece which looked nothing like this . i could tell it was poorly made , and i was n't too keen on putting that piece of plastic near my fuel lines . DO NOT PURCHASE
 Do n't be deceived by the picture ... this is not as described do not be fooled by this scam picture!How many words must be said !
 It does not fit as well as I expected in my cup holder in my truck . It tends to bounce out and cell phones do not stay put
 Installation of these air springs is a good 2-3 hours depending on your skill level and the type of jack you 're using . Installation for my Ford F-150 went pretty smoothly.I have had trouble keeping air in them . I 'm having to inflate one side daily . The manual talks about where the leaks may occur , and they 're right . I found it impossible to follow the directions literally and not have a significant air leak.The air leaks occur where the air fitting connects to the top of the unit . I tweaked and tweaked , and even put teflon tape on the threads -LRB- which helped a lot -RRB- , but I 'm still having trouble with one of them.I 'll looking at an RMA soon if I ca n't get this resolved . I do n't understand how these folks can make this heavy-duy air spring , with steel hardware to fit your vehicle perfectly , then mess it up with a poorly engineered air fitting . - FB
 Disk plates were missing , had to make them myself . Air bags would not sit vertically . Nevertheless , air springs work .
 Absolute joke to install on a 1997 f-150 . does not set on spring properly , bag is slanted not verticle after install . would not purchase again ...
 I bought a set of sport rite air bags on feb 22 2011 for my 06 chevy silverado , the date today is march 21 2012 and one has a hole in it , do to they continuously leak air and then flex like a shock and crack the rubber til it wears a hole it , so be aware they will not back there product . i got these to help with leveling the truck while pulling my camper they were only pumped up to 28 # 3times last yr which max is 30 # . other than that i maintained 10 # . when i contacted the company they said the hole was not under warranty its only manufacture defect . Ah OK I didnt put the hole there .
 They look and feel ok , except that the rubber nibs from one mat sink into the one below it so it looks like you have a bunch of perforations in the mat -LRB- I 'm assuming this is from when they are in storage or are packed -RRB- . I would guess that this would go away after some use . Unfortunately they must have cut to the wrong pattern because they did not fit my car at all . I am returning them and will probably order from someone that maintains inventory specifically for my make/model .
 I purchased this AC Delco alternator because I thought the quality would be better than other brands . I was wrong . At just 7000 miles the front bearing failed . This series of alternators is well known for short bearing life but should last at least 50000 miles minimum . One would think a rebuilder would install quality bearings in a unit with known problems and not the cheapest bearings available . I could replace this under warrenty but would just get another piece of junk in return . Most alternators use the same size 6303 front bearing , only the quality varies.Rebuilds have been well known for poor quality for decades . I should have known better . I usually rebuilt my own but I needed one fast . I 'll replace this with a new one and hope it was built with good quality bearings .
 The item I received had a bar twist handle instead of the round one as in the picture . This was not a big deal and still this part of the valve functioned ok . It still pierced the can , hence ONE star . However this is where functionality stopped . After the can was punctured the valve would not allow refrigerant to flow . I could fool with it and SOMETIMES get it to flow but for the most part it would not . Thanks to this POS I have wasted two cans of refrigerant and this stuff is n't cheap anymore . Should have bought a Mastercool instead . After replacing the o-rings , orifice valve and vacuuming the system , the whole effort was a waste due to this faulty valve . Now I have to go to the autoparts store tomorrow and replace this junk . Maybe I just got a bad one out of the bunch , but it was a waste of money .
 The wrong mat was sent for the model pickup that we have . The options listed for our model seemed to apply but when we received the mat it was for the full sizefMega cab four door Ram and not the Quad cab version.There was no option listed for our Quad cab model truck -LRB- which is a very common Doge model -RRB- so we returned the mat and bought from another on line retailer .
 be careful ... amazon 's website says item will fit my specific make and model , however it does not ! this is the 2nd time for the item.so i went directly to the mfg. site and got the correct part number and yes , amazon does have that part too . but still shows the item i rcvd . will work ... i just checked the front liners , same issue ; its not the same part number approved by the mfg. specs.items they say will fit , do not !
 We bought two dashmats on Amazon for two different cars . The other one was so badly done we had to send it back . This one only had one flaw , a silly 1 `` x6 '' flap that was mis-sewn and hung wrong . No matter how long you let it sit , it would never look right . We folded it under and now the dashmat looks ok . Maybe cut it off someday and resew the piping to make it look like a professional job.As I 've said in another review , Dashmat products we ordered on Amazon do n't seem to be the quality they once were . I 'm looking at other brands from now on .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 Nice product but would be great to know that they do not fit my vehicle up front prior to ordering.No hassle return but if fit specifications were more accurate all would be fine .
 I tried my best to ensure that I purchased the right floor mats for our new used 07 Honda Accord . Having had great use out of a similar set on our 05 Toyota Sienna , we expected similar results if we followed the recommendations both on Amazon and on the WeatherTech website . WRONG ! These mats do not fit the 07 Honda Accord 4door sedan . And there are big warnings to remove any other floor mats before installing these - that only make the fit look worse ! I am not pleased !!!!!
 I was quite sad after seeing the TV commecials and then looking at what I ended up with . This floor mat was SUPPOSED to fit a Civic . I should have gone to K-Mart and gotten some generic rubber mats . The fit would have been better.Customer service was crap . They said the web site explained you should buy custom fitted mats that were computer designed -LRB- at twice the price -RRB- if you wanted them to fit . They said the website had a disclaimer that noted they may not fit ... which in reality is where their industry catch-phrase `` best fit '' comes into play . `` Best fit '' means they are not custom , but it is the best fit they can come up with without rubber hanging out your door.I would NEVER , EVER buy from them again . Even if you click on your car and model and year of make ... THEY ARE NOT custom fitted mats . I would rate a zero if I could .
 When I did search for K1200LT parts , this shows on the list . THIS IS NOT FOR K1200LT . Unfortunatly I did n't find out till much later .
 I bought one of these for my Sportsman 500 and it worked fine . Bought another one for my Sportsman 400 and it did n't fit despite Amazon saying that it would . The threads were n't right . Thankfully I gave up trying to force it on before I stripped the male threads on the machine . Went to NAPA and bought their filter and it screwed right on .
 This was listed as an item that worked with my BMW R1150R , however is was way to small . Now I am stuck with it , since I waited until my next oil change was due : -RRB-
 I was having trouble finding an actual Polaris filter for my 2012 Sportsman so I decided to try these out . At 10 hours after installation the filter had vibrated loose to the point that the engine lost quite a bit of oil . The filter had been tightened to spec . After replacing with a OEM filter I noticed that these filters have a `` round '' gasket while the OEM filters have a `` flat '' type gasket . I think the flat gasket may provide a better grip for the filter . This may not be a problem in all applications but I would be cautious of using this part on a Polaris bike .
 I ordered this kit for the rear of my 2006 nissan pu and you sent me a kit for the front I would still like to have the right one
 I purchased these to replace a cracked original flare . they look exactly the same . The fender flares are not OEM . The original flares are bolted to the vehicle . This flare uses tape to hold it to the vehicle and several self tapping screws to hold them into the tire well . the tape is recessed and it is difficult to get it to adhere to the vehicle . The size of the flare is just slightly off . When the flare is forced into the actual position , the other side pops off . I 've had them for a week , and I had to purchase more trim tape . When this tape is placed on top of the original tape , it causes a gap . I have n't found an answer yet.Pretty to look at but not really funtional .
 I have a 2007 Nissan Quest Van . I 'm disabled and have to use a powered chair with auto lift on the back . As a result , the lift unit scrapes the ground on occasion -LRB- I did n't realize how close to the ground that Vans sit -RRB- . After considerable research , and verifying which model was for my car -LRB- exactly -RRB- , I ordered this Coil-Rite kit . The item received did not look like the one pictured - much shorter and thicker in girth and missing -LRB- what I assume to be -RRB- the black spacers shown in the pic . Oh well , figured the sender knew what they were doing , so went ahead with the install . The instructions , while simplistic , are OK , but it took a while to figure out how to actually get the things into the coil . I found that by sliding them around in the direction of the coil toward the top , I had a bit more room to work , and eventually was able to get them inside the coil . The second one went much faster than the first . So , OK , ready for the test . You can imagine my disappointment to find that at full 35psi , the backend of my Van raised up exactly one half inch ! That sucks . The chair lift still bottoms out . I was expecting much more height that than , and will be contacting the vendor to find out what 's going on with this entire picture . Knightsix
 The item did not work as stated . I would not recommend to anyone that they purchase this . They would be wasting there money and time looking at it .
 Steer clear of this item if you plan to use higher wattage equipment . Cheap , light gauge construction gets extremely hot while powering an electric cooler . Also - plug ends are hard , brittle plastic - not crack or impact resistant .
 I purchased a pair of headlights . I wondered why I had to purchase the left and right headlight from different suppliers , but I did at the time of my purchase . The right side went in fine and works fine . The left side when in fine , but when turned the lights on at night I got these odd shadows in the lit area of the light path . At first I thought the alignment was off , so I adjusted it , but still got the shadows . It looks as though the mirrors behind the bulb are just a little off and leaves gaps in the light path .
 One of the headlight I got was defective . The seller called me and promised to send me a replacement after asking me to change my feedback with Amazon . But after waiting for a month I never got the replacement .
 Purchased two K&N filters for R1100S . Filters were advertised as fitting all oil head BMW motorcycles . Filter gasket not same diameter as original part however , could not use . Filters were returned , cost for filters refunded but cost of shipping was not refunded , despite what would seem to be false advertising by seller .
 filter is okay only torque spec , i have no room for a socket . amazon said free shipping over 25 my filters came to 25.18 . they charged for shipping . i went to ebay .
 I purchased this over the OEM filter is because of the socket at the end of the filter . It is a great idea . The wire hole is also a great idea for race track . I intended to use this on my ZX6R , and I always always always use a torque wrench.Guess what
 These are made out of thin hard plastic , not rubber . I bought them somewhere else because their description also said rubber . Again . They are not made of rubber . Please stop calling them rubber when they are not .
 Although the mud guards were of sturdy construction , they were listed as fitting my Buck Century which they absolutely did not .
 I thought these had pre-drilled holes , but they do n't . You have to remove the tire to drill into the fender , therefore i did n't bother installing them .
 The guards will not work on the 2005 Tacoma without modification . My husband will not attempt to install them . I guess we will be returning .
 I ordered 2 of these over a month ago . Despite Amazon still listing this item as `` in stock '' they have not bothered to actually send the order to me . My account says `` not shipped yet , We 'll notify you via e-mail when we have an estimated delivery date for this item . '' After a month , and the fact that it is in stock , you might think Amazon would be able to figure that one out by now .
 Perhaps a third grader might get a few yucks out of the sexual innuendo , but I find it hard to believe that anyone old enough to drive would find this amusing enough to put on the their car . Two thumbs down on this sticker .
 The battery was dead when it arrived and it was not worth returning . It was just what I was looking for but it 's not worth re-ordering either .
 I mounted this on my dashboard . I thought this clock would have a backlight for visibility at night , but I can not see the time at all at night . Even during the day , it is not easy to read . The price was low but I 'm sorry that I made this purchase .
 After I read the reviews , I boought it anyhow . Yes , it does not sit flat enouogh to read without picking it up.At least I can pick it up to look at and read . The display is clear and bright enough to read .
 The adhesive came apart within a couple of months . On the upside , it does keep time , and was certainly cheap enough .
 Worked for about 12 hours . Now ... . does n't work at all . If you try to set it to the correct time , the numbers just keep jumping around , and not even in the correct order ! Jumps from hour to minute and back again , all out of order . Just a little piece of junk . What a surprise .
 The item arrived damaged and I tried to fix it with no luck . Returned to Amazon for a full refund without any hassles which is why I buy a lot from Amazon . This product it really cheaply made and will not last long .
 I am pretty sure that the people who designed this never went camping , or at least they never needed to use one of these . The first time I used it the cord that holds the hose down when traveling broke and the hose flew out and dragged on the payment . Yup you guessed it the hose leaked everywhere . I was very popular at the campground that day . But the worse part is that you just cant empty it completely because of the design where the hose goes in underneath . I literally have to stand at the dumping station lifting it up at and angle the dropping down over and over again.My recommendation would be to just get the plain old blue one .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 The reviews I read linked to this device describe a laser dot locating device . The picture shows a distance sensing device . I bought the distance sensing device and installed on a cold January day . It worked fine at first , but when it got really cold , the device just stopped working . Then when it warmed up to 30 degrees , the device started working again . Probably not the best for a cold climate .
 With a little more engineering this could have been a great product . Instead , it 's just so-so . Pros : - It 's a laser . Lasers are always cool , even if they are n't attached to the head of a shark . - Um , well , that 's about it.Cons : - Power cord is too short . If you have an outlet on the ceiling of your garage it will be in the middle of the parking space to provide power for a garage door opener . The length of the cord is not long enough to aim the laser inside the car , unless you aim through the sunroof . - It never shuts off . I know other reviewers have complained it is n't on long enough but I 've checked and I 'm pretty sure mine is always on . One night after everyone was asleep I left the door from the house to the garage open . I could peer through the opening by the hinge and see the dot , while not being visible to the motion sensor . Light never went off . I even sat in the car for a while . The dot never sleeps . - The laser swivels in only one direction . A little ingenuity would have allowed it to swivel 360 , making it much easier to aim . - The mounting bracket is not very good . If the screws stick up a little bit from the bracket the unit will not attach to the bracket and you will likely end up breaking off the tabs . Not to worry , this is a good thing because it will force you to use double-stick tape to attach it to the ceiling . It well then be much easier to aim the dot right where you want it . Listen to the voice of experience here , people . - If the unit is not firmly attached to the bracket the laser will swing down and point at the ground . For some reason attaching it firmly secures the laser as well , allowing it to be aimed.Paul 's tips for laser success : - Do n't bother with the battery . If you only use a battery then you 'll have to climb up and replace it . If you use the AC adapter and install the battery as a backup in case the power goes out , well , think about it . How are you going to park in the garage if the garage door opener does n't work ? If you do n't have a garage door opener this does n't apply to you . - Do n't install the bracket with screws at first . Use tape until you get the laser aimed right , mark the holes , then use screws . Or do what I did
 The first problem I noted was it came not in a retail package but in a brown box . There were no instructions or paperwork of any kind . The next problem was finding a location to mount the device . The cable on . The AC adapter is only a couple of feet long so if AC is n't close to where you intend to mount it . Finally the biggest problem is the motion sensor does n't work . The laser would come on briefly , bit no movement would trigger the laser to come on . After all the fiddling mine finally wound up in a box in my garage . I would never buy this product again .
 The laser turns off before I can finish parking . The battery drained after approximately a week.The laser ca n't be locked in a stable position . It is really a poorly designed `` system '' .
 It was time to retire my old Honda cloth floor mats on my 2001 Honda Civic and I decided to try the WeatherTech . The main thing I was searching for in floor mats was a custom fit and the ability to attach to the safety hook on the driver side -LRB- the hook that prevents the mat from moving forward and pushing on the accelerator -RRB- . So after some research , I purchase the weathertech and now I am disappointed . The driver side mat is 3 inches short from attaching to the hook . The mat appears heavy enough to stay in place , but I rather be safe then sorry . I should of bought the Honda rubber floor mats !! UPDATE -LRB- 1/5/2011 -RRB- : One year later , the mats are durable and I am still using them . The mats do slide slightly forward towards the accelerator , not to the point I would throw these things away . But I would recommend anybody thinking of trying these outs to consider another brand .
 This little device works great for cell phone charges and the like . But I bought it to use my MacBook Pro while traveling in my car -LRB- my partner drives , i ride -RRB- and as soon as i plug it in , it goes out . The Mac Book Pro uses an 85 watt plug in so i thought a 90 watt continuos power adapter would be perfect ... Not . I guess it ca n't handle it so it just checks out.If you only need it for smaller appliances on the go , than it is fine .
 I bought this POS at my local Advance Auto for $ 6 . What a big waste . I mounted it on the top of my steering column for easy viewing while driving . The compass worked until I mounted it in my car . Now it does n't turn at all , even if I tap on it . The thermometer is just as useless as it constantly says the interior temp of my car is 120 F with the windows down at 70mph . I live in the Piedmont of NC , and it does n't get anywhere near that hot here.After the car sits with the windows cracked , it reads up to 140 F. I have yet to see it go below 120 F , even if I take it in the air conditioned house.Stay away from this junk item . It 's completely useless .
 The compass/thermometer does n't work at all . It is not worth it to buy . Though it 's cheap , it does n't work . Opt for a more reliable gadget .
 I bought this for my car . It works fine outside the car , but interference in the car makes it go haywire . Not its fault . I should have known this would happen . I recommend it for other uses .
 Since I have opened it the temp reading is 5 % higher than all my other thermomaters . have not put in car yet.mainly got for temp readings . If it only stays 5 % higher , it will be okThought it would be biggerThis item would make a great gag gift , for the person who is hot blooded and always getting lost.got temp ajusted to work , but compass changes if you put anywhere near any metal in carput on dash , and it gets cooked by the sunall in all , save your money and by a real one
 the thermometer usually works , but the temperature reading in a car highly depends on where you put the thermometer . for example near the window , air con . or not . under sun or not.Then the compass is useless , because it always point to west.So basically this item is useless .
 This is some item . The packaging says this automotive compass/thermometer will mount to any surface . Any surface , all right , except the ones in your car . It tells me the temperature in my car is a steady 82 * -LRB- I held this up in the stream from the air conditioner and it dropped to 78 * . Glad to know my air is working so efficiently since I had it recharged -RRB- . And it 's incredible ! Every direction I drive is Southwest . Sometimes West South West , but the North Pole has apparently moved to the Sun Belt . Now that explains global warming , does n't it ? It 's all the Bell Company 's fault.It 's the Bell Company 's fault that they market this piece of junk . I wonder how many of these things get sold and thrown away the same day . That six bucks a pop for something so worthless must be keeping Bell in clover . -LCB- Added 7/29/11
 There are no assembly instructions . You have to drill two holes to complete . Lucky the chineese steel is so soft . Tires are cheap plastic . Ball is 1-7/8 , not 2 '' . Made in China and you can tell .
 I was very dissapoonted with this product . The wheels are very weak and both wheels bent the first time I used the dolly.I contacted grizzly and told them and they responded with a '' Sorry . There are no replacement wheels available.The tongue weight on my trailer is 60 pounds . The problem is the soft wheels . This dollywill work fine after I go out and purchase some new wheels . I guesss I know why it wasPriced so low now . Buyer beware , huh ?
 I turned a corner and bent the rim . The wheels are a odd size to get replacement wheels .
 I bought this to help me move my tent camper around . Even though it says it is good for 600 pound tongue weight and mine is 300 . Camper ca n't be moved . Would not recommend except for small utility trailer or the like .
 within several months of purchasing started to wear excessively . within one year a hole wore thru from where my foot goes . i would not buy again .
 wo n't fit most cars , durable but just wo n't fit in the specified area for most cars
 It would be great if another company could take this design and make it more applicable to newer cars . But its just too long it would not fit an 87 toyota camry , 95 camry or even a 01 celica . I had high hopes for this product but its way too long to be of any use unless you have a really older model car that could fit this . '
 Do n't buy floor mats from Weathertech ! Despite the fact that thy have you enter your vehicle make , model and year it 's all a sham . The mats they ship you are `` one size fits all '' and they encourage you to cut them to fit your vehicle . That might work if they were too big but the mats I recently ordered for my Honda Pilot were too small and looked like a postage stamp sitting in a sea of carpet . When I called Weathertech and finally got through -LRB- their customer service wait times are horrible ... no doubt from people like me returning their products -RRB- they said I could return the mats , but that I would have to pay the return shipping which turned out to be $ 25.00 . Save your money and work with a reputable company that actually delivers what they promise . I 'd rate them lower than one star ... but the system wo n't let me go that low !
 Despite the information given by WeatherTech on their website . These mats are notably too large for a 2010 Murano . Trimming them would not have solved the problem that the matching rear mats are much too small!Even more damning , when I attempted to return them directly to the manufacturer in Bollingbrook , IL , they would n't work with me and refused to accept them .
 Ordered for my 2011 Tahoe . Rear seat mats do not fit . Called WeatherTech . Their response was GM changed the floor shape for 2011 . So ? Why do they advertise and charge for cusom fit mats if they do n't bother to make them fit ? Why do n't they acknowledge that up front before you buy them ?
 Every where you go they cite that W40 fits a 2011 Murano . Even the Weathertech website . W40 does not fit a 2011 Murano .
 For as expensive as these mats are you would expect them to fit better . The floor hook does n't line up on with the hole in the drivers side mat . The passenger mat looks like it was made for a different vehicle -LRB- not my HHR -RRB- . I should have just went down to the local auto parts store and found a generic one for 1/3 the price . What a rip off !!!
 Not so good.It did not last a day.I am not even sure it worked at all.It just got hot.I wish it did work.Maybe I just got a lemon .
 Product does not appear to be functioning as advertised . Attempts to contact supplier via e-mail and phone did not address problems.CTEK should be added to the World Wide `` No Buy List '' .
 I bought it for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- plus shipping from Unbeatablesale.com and its useless . There is n't an ON and OFF switch to jump start the battery and it does not work at all . The air compressor is very loud and slow , it took me 10 minutes to inflate one Bicycle tire .
 This is one poor excuse for a jumper box . It does n't have enough power to actually do anything . The air compressor is worthless . I tried to air up the front tire of my little trail bike , a 1974 Yamaha 175 enduro , and after about 45 seconds it just quit and has n't run since . After being on the charger for over 2 days I tried to use it to jump start my Datsun 260Z that has a little strait 6 in it . It could n't even turn it over once muchless start it . The clamps on the ends of the cables that you are supposed to use to connect it to a battery are nothing but weak molded plastic with light weight copper contacts that bend with the least amount of pressure . I 've seen wood clothes pins for a clothes line with more grip . I just got through trying to use it to jump start my lawn mower . After having it plugged into the charger for 2 days it only lasted long enough to spin the starter on the mower 4 or 5 times for a few seconds each time . Then it just run down and quit . And that was just a little 6.5 hp motor on a Stanley self propelled walk behind rotary mower with 12 volt electric start . So far the only thing that I have found this to be good for is a door stop.Save yourself some aggravation , frustration and money , DO NOT get one of these .
 Dear Sir/Madam , I ordered the battery charger for my Dad in Florida as a Christmas gift.The light works along with the compressor . However , when my Dad tried to boost a car with the jump starter , it did not work.I have another jump starter at home in Brooklyn . It was made by Vector and it has a switch for on and off.The jumpstarter that I ordered for my Dad does not have a switch for on or off.I think that I may have received a defective piece of equipment.Just to let you know.Leonard Armogum
 After I got stranded in Minnesota -LRB- im from WI -RRB- and a passerby had one of these jump kits I thought I should get one for emergencies . Charged the pack according to the directions . Wish I would have gotten a different one , this thing is junk , wont start my car or snowmobile the compressor is loud and I havent used it but guessing it wont work well . Even with the charge past 100 % it still doesnt work and there is no on off switch either . this thing is useless DO NOT buy this thing
 I had an older , similar one that worked fairly well for over 5 years before internal battery died . So , for $ 50.00 , I figured I get another . Bad mistake . Newer one was nothing but trouble . Compressor quit after about 6 months -LRB- using just for bike tires -RRB- . Naturally the warranty was out , so I took it apart & found compressor motor had come loose from the compressor . Easy fix I thought but it did n't last
 got stranded due to weak battery -LRB- barely turned over -RRB- . i was psyched to use this thing ... but did n't work despite being fully charged . needed to get a jump from a good samaritan anyway .
 I install the ionizer but I did n't feel any difference . About a month of stay connected began to make a strange sound and next couple of days it turned off forever ...
 Este producto no sirve para nada , en primera instancia no note ninguna diferencia de aroma en el vehiculo y segundo no duro ni 5 minutos conectado y empezo a emitir un ruido ensordecedor , es un total enga & ntilde ; o.
 I have a 2007 Ford Focus , it has the lifetime air filter in it . I would have been ahead to go and get the factory airbox for the car , even though it is 400 dollars . It was a waste of time and money , I would n't buy it again .
 Seat covers fit nicely , G.F. likes them BUT , Dissappointed with seller - Tinkerbell seat covers were ordered as a christmas gift - seller sent items in a box with writing on the side saying `` tink seat covers '' in bold lettering . Gift recipient saw this when shipment arrived , spoiling gift .
 Very cheap made product . The packaging was better quality than this product . The hinge broke off before I even got it installed in my vehicle . Save your money and buy a better quality product .
 I did not expect the cactus men to be cut off . They are about 2-3 inches shorter than others I purchased . I 'm not even sure they 'll stay on the antenna . My fault I guess , should pay attention to details .
 I bought this to replace my whimpy stock horn and this horn was such a lame disappointment , it was even quieter than the whimpy stock horn . If you want to replace your stock horn with a louder sounding horn - definitely look elsewhere . What a huge waste of money and they will not refund my money because the horn was n't loud enough . Do n't know what the other reviews are talking about because it is not loud at all .
 Purchased this horn for my 2010 Toyota Highlander . The horn got me away from the `` beep beep '' sound that came with the vehicle and gave me the `` honk honk '' sound I was looking for . HOWEVER , I was hoping for a lot more volume . These are no louder than the horn on my minivan . I would have been better off purchasing cheaper horns .
 WHEN WE ORDERED THIS IT SAID IT FIT A 1999 F150 WELL WHEN WE GOT IT ? IT WAS TO LITTLE AND IT WAS 2 OF THE SAME ? JUST WOULD N'T RECOMMEND . HOWEVER WE DID GET THEM RETURNED WITHOUT ANY PROBLEMS .
 Love the sticker but before I buy it I want to know how big it is . No where on this page does it show the dimensions of the sticker ...
 We bought the Larin Cargo Carrier with collapsible sides at Joe 's for about $ 80 . It said it had a 500lb capacity but after about 400 miles carrying 3 small to medium sized EMPTY coolers the platform was noticeably sagging , by several inches , toward the ground . We got to our campsite and my husband took everything off the truck and discovered that the bar that attaches the shelf to the tow receiver was BENT!We had no choice but to use it on the way back home , as there was nowhere else to put the empty coolers . We had to find the nearest hardware store and buy heavy-duty rope so we could hitch the carrier up via the roof rack and take the pressure off the ever-bending bar . I was able to lift the rack with the coolers on it so my husband could tie it and there 's no way it weighed over 100lbs . We 're taking it back to Joe 's asap on Monday so we can show the manager what a joke this product is and request a refund . This is junk ! I would n't normally leave a review for a product I did n't even buy through Amazon , but I feel really strongly about warning potential buyers . Do some research and spend a little more money on another rack . I wish I had !
 Placed my order 4 March 2012 for eight of these plugs and sent in the rebate exactly as shown on the form I downloaded and printed out . `` Autolite rebate form
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 I bought this product based on the positive reviews , hoping it would at least ameliorate the threadlike scratches on my motorcycle tank , where the previous owner had used a tank bag . To be fair , the scratches were deep , most going through to the metal . Still , I had hopes that the scratch stick would at least fill in the scratches with a temporary waxy plug.After several attempts , I realized it was hopeless . It was basically like coloring over the scratches with a waxy crayon , but as soon as I wiped off the excess wax , the scratches came clean as well.I tried the black fluid polish , with the same result . No matter how I applied it , or carefully removed the excess , the scratches were unveiled as if never treated.So if you 're just looking to improve some very minimal surface scratches it might work for you as it apparently did for other reviewers . But if you have scratches to the metal , even hairline ones , do n't expect anything at all from this treatment .
 Was really excited to try this on my black Chrysler 300 . It has some minor and not so minor scratches . I tried multiple times , following the directions to the letter , but never had any success with it - not even on the minor scratches .
 Does not fill or conceal nicks w / color , just dries black instead of white , otherwise waxes as expected . No advantage , could have used regular wax on hand with same results .
 Just an average wax/polish ... there are many other better products for similar cost . The chip stick does n't fill and stay . The shine is no better than most others . This goes for any color , not just the black showed here ... I tried red on my Yamaha , black on my Honda - no difference .
 I tried this on relatively new Mercedes Benz with black paint . The `` Chip Stick '' is basically a black crayon or tube of hard black lipstick . It works somewhat , but does n't solve the problem of chipped paint . Only touch-up paint can do that . I guess if someone wants to fill the chip with black wax that will melt or fade in a few weeks , they could use the sick.The black wax is no better than any other wax . It also stains all of your applicators and buffing cloths black . I compared this wax side-by-side with Meguiar 's Gold Class Clear Coat Wax Liquid . Meguiar 's still is the gold standard and , with a black paint job , it 's the only wax I 've found that will totally eliminate swirl marks and give me that glossy liquid black look .
 Purchased new and Clore Automotive refuses to replace DOA batteries . Clore Automotive said the dealer should have sold the product within six months of accepting delievery form the manufacture . Since the manufacture date was greater than six month the unit fail to qualify for manufacture warranty . I am now out $ 235 and Clore Automotive made a two time profit from me . I am now in the market for a new battery charger and you can bet it will not be another Clore Automotive manufacture defective un-warranty piece of junk.ThanksLack of Customer Service Clore Automotive for showing me the light .
 The ES-6000 is indeed a powerful unit , but the case started breaking apart after a few years . First the sides where the battery clamps attach fell off , then the center handle broke off . The company refuses to sell replacement plastic case parts , and instead only offers a `` refurbishment service '' which costs as much as a new unit . With the clamp holders and handle missing , there is no place to safely store the the clamps -LRB- which are always `` live '' -RRB- , thus making the unit in this condition extremely dangerous and unsafe to use .
 My second one of the Es 6000 battery packs has just went bad.This one lasted three years of easy use.They work fine till the battery 's go bad , then it cost as much for the battery 's as the whole thing .
 this is junk battery pack do not buy any battery pack from Amazon.com as you can not return due to it 's hazardous malarial
 The product did not come drilled for the Mass Air Flow Sensor . I had to spend several hours drilling and carving a hole large enough to allow it to fit . The product show 's little improvement -LRB- 1mpg < -RRB- to my mileage -LRB- I drive very conservatively as is -RRB- . Sounds good under the hood , if that is what your willing to pay for . Did notice slight increase in overall engine power , but again , not enough to really make a difference .
 Works good for a while until the rotary vanes wear out which does n't take long if you use it every day in the HVAC residential field . The real bummer is that you ca n't buy the parts to repair it which really bites because it is so easy to replace the vanes inside the pump if you could just buy them . Sure you can buy the whole pump cartridge for nearly as much as the whole pump but why would you want to do that . You can find other parts such as the handle and stuff like that but not the vanes which are the main thing that wears out . We are only buying Yellow Jacket now and the only reason is the fact that Yellow Jacket does sell the vanes . So for $ 40.00 we can easily repair the pump and have it working like new instead of starting over and buying new . If it was n't for the parts issue we would give it 5 stars because it works as good as any other pump we have seen . If you do n't believe us about the vane issue then search online for Robinair vanes and call around to see if you can find them . The yellow jacket vanes can be ordered from any place that sells the pumps . If you want a throw away pump this is for you . If you want a pump that you easily repair then get the Yellow Jacket .
 I have one of these `` punks '' -LRB- cross between pump and junk with emphasis on junk -RRB- . The second time I used it it started making lots of noise . I estimate I have used it about six hours now and have taken it apart to see what was wrong with it . It has a broken second stage vane and I ca n't find any place to get one . Robinair does not seem to offer any parts for what they refer to as the `` module '' , which is the pumping section . They will sell you a new module for 250 some dollars.Or you can ship the entire thing to one of their few service centers and let them repair it . Have n't checked the cost of that , but am betting their fees plus two way shipping would not be less than $ 250 . All for a part that should cost no more than $ 2.00 and I am perfectly capable of replacing myself . As I say in the title , maybe mine was just a lemon , but I will never buy another Robinair tool of any kind !
 I bought 15600 pump here on Amazon . I have n't even used it yet and it leaked oil all over the floor . It appears the shaft seal is defective . BE VERY AWARE ! Robinair WILL NOT cover the one year warranty if you bought it on Amazon . If you already bought one here , cross you fingers . I will never buy something like this again on Amazon . Sorry ...
 I ordered the pump with the R134 conections and received te R-12 fittings with it . Amazon is a poor excuse as far as jerkig you around with customer service and so is RobinAir . Do Not Buy This Item !!!!!
 This is by far the worst product I have every bought . I am shocked Amazon sells this on their site , it tarnishes their reputation selling this product . I bought it before Hurricane Irene came through NJ , had it expressed shipped , and was so glad to see it arrive on time . That was the best of it , from here it only went downhill.I read the instructions , added the oil , added gas , again followed the Chinese-English instructions to start the generator . It strated right up on the first pull , and put out a lot of smoke , after 30 seconds it died . I tried again , and again it started , and smoked and died , this continued for quite sometime , nearly an hour.I then decided to call the company , but of course it was Saturday afternoon so no one answered . Then I thought let me search the Internet , and the only posting I saw was a similar experience like mine , without the smoking , but with a happy ending saying worked fine the next day . So I had hope.We continue trying all through Saturday , as the Hurricane was suppose to come on Saturday night-early Sunday morning , and I needed it to run my sump-pump in the basement . Well the best we could do was have it running for 3-5 minutes with smoke , and then die.On Tuesday -LRB- Monday was a holiday -RRB- I went online to Amazon and filed a complaint . Then I called an spoke to a rep , but was told they do n't take anything which gasoline back , and I had to work with the third-party seller . After explaining the situation , the rep was kind enough to check with her supervisor , and they agreed to take it back in teh `` large items '' section and that someone would contact me.The next day I get an email saying Amazon understands I want to return a product , but do n't know why . So , then I responded to the email and gave then the details . It is now over a week , so I have had to put a hold on the payment , since no one is responding to resolve this issue.Bottom line
 they sent wrong shaft and would not pay for return . I will not order from them again . It was less money buying it local
 We got the jack and it was broken . Could not jack the truck up when we tried it out . Double checked the instructions and even went to youtube . It was just a defective product . Amazon was quick to refund our money . 5 stars for Amazon . 1 star for the jack .
 Nice jack , but it will need maintenance if you dont use it for a while.I put it inside my Jeep rear seat , and after a year it really hard to release the spring .
 I 've had this jack for a few years and here are my thoughts on it.It has two problems , the first being safety . When I jacked up a somethink small , like a golf cart , it would tend to get stuck going down . I spent some time trying to diagnose the problem , but could n't . Finally I found the instruction card ; it said it is not meant for jacking up objects weighing less than 150 lbs . Well that is stupid because as I 'm jacking something down , the weight goes down , and when it goes down to about 150 lbs , it stops working . Jiggling the handle actually caused it to DROP my golf cart . Luckily , I was n't hurt . Very unsafe . I 'll try to post a video of this as I can re-create the problem.Here is the exact quote from the manual
 This is a VERY poor quality device . It could not power my laptop -LRB- 90 watt power supply -RRB- for more than 5-10 minutes without kicking out the circuit breaker and needing to be reset even if I shut down all but essential processes on the laptop . I found that others have had same complaint with this product regardless of where it was purchased . I replaced with a 90 watt -LRB- small -RRB- inverter that also had a USB plug and it powers my laptop with no problem . I WOULD AVOID THIS PRODUCT .
 Honestly , this is the worst Saddleman product I have ever purchased . The back is too large and the bottom is too small . The seat belt holes are very close to the edge of the seat ; within 6 inches in fact . They are useless . I ended up cutting the cover to fit the seat belts through the cover . I should have just returned it . I would n't recommend buying this at all.On the other hand , it does its job to an extent . It covers my worn vinyl seat and keeps it cool for those sunny days .
 Look closely at the picture provided . This is clearly for a mini - to mid size bench seat.Yes it 's inexpensive . Yes it 's &#34; universal &#34; . But , when all is said and done , would n't you want accuracy in the description of the product you are buying?Move on , find something better if you need to cover a bench seat in any vehicle with size.Too bad , I thought Saddleman would be one of the brands you could trust to decribe their own product accurately.I would have paid more , if they told me too . Just give me the option of buying the right item.Yeah , I 'm not going to waste my time - returning it , finding another , etc. etc. - Just DONT BUY THIS FOR FULL IZE APPLICATION
 My husband took this out of the box and immediately said send it back . The design is such that it would not stay on the seat at all . I returned it right away .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 These belts are very thin . About half the weight as my old belt I took off after many miles on it . These just seem like there built cheap to me and at 1/2 the price this appears to be 1/2 the life too . Stiffer than other new belts Ive used in the past also . Only time will tell , but I would bet they wont go near the 80,000 miles my original Nissan belts got . I 'll give it the nod for being quiet . If your looking for a cheap belt this is it . If long life is what your after buy an OEM if its for an Infiniti or Nissan there much better belts . Gates are great belts too.Update
 I sell and repair tools all day long . This tool is over priced , and has many engineering faults . As with any air tool you need to lubricate it @ the end of every day . This model in particular . It is made of plastic . For the money and power I would go w / a Ingersoll Rand model 231 or 231XP . If you have a few extra bucks and want more power go w / the model 244 . This tool is not worth this much money .
 Am I the only one that ca n't remove lug nuts off my car . The socket just sits there and does n't move . Could it be that I just have a bad one ?
 I could not remove lugs torqued at 95ft/lbs , just sat there . My air impact easly removed them , and I could remove the lugs by hand without a problem . They were torqued with a torque wrench , Husky brand -LRB- not a cheap wrench -RRB- , not rusted and no extension and impact socket was used -LRB- craftsman -RRB- . Tightening was better but not even 95 ft/lbs , and you have to stay on the wrench along time and it will get very hot . I do not tighten with an impact normally but I wanted to see what the tool would do . Tried 3 of them from a local store , could not be an isolated problem , bad design for non woodworking use .
 I bought this wrench to work on automobiles at home . I had hoped to use it on lug nuts and `` stubborn '' nuts and bolts . I was very disappointed when it would not take off lug nuts which I had hand torqued to 100 ft/lbs . I am almost able to hold the socket still just with my hand.This wrench is useless for automotive work . Perhaps it could be of use in deck building , such as tightening up carriage bolts , etc.Very unfortunate .
 The first thing I do when I recieve these filters is throw away the larger 90mm o-ring . It may fit in the groove of the filter plate of the 2008 250 Ninja but it is not the same size as the OEM . . the OEM oring cross section is .120 '' -LRB- thickness -RRB- the one provided in the K & N kit is .160 '' . The problem with the thicker oring is that it is going to leave a gap between the filter plate and the engine when it compresses . The Gap will eventually cause the oring to squeeze into it and create a `` Splitting '' point in the oring which will eventually result in a leak . I called K & N and was told that thier `` Product Manager '' checked it out and it 's ok . I asked for thier test data and relibility data which they could not and would not produce only that `` No one had called THEM '' to report a problem . Thier story is that since no one has reported a problem ... its not a problem . If you love your bike like I do , Do your homework check out the info yourself . K & N is oblivious to the problem and were very clear to me on the phone that they do n't care . This is a good filter and the only one I run on my bike . I would n't pay 2 cents for thier customer support knowledge . . The only thing they know is that no one has called to complain so everything must be ok . . They told me it is ok to use thier oring and I should not worry . . Yeah Right . .
 Nice and compact , but it did not work . It would not go above 11 lbs which is useless when recovering refrigerant . Product claims it will read between 0 and 110lbs but it did n't , returning the item to Amazon for a refund .
 Bought unit brand new half to move battery wiring around for unit to work every time threw out boxes or i send it back . and buy LOCAL .
 The scale completely died after only having it for 2 months . Do not waste your money . This was actually the second one I bought . The first one stopped working as well .
 Lens had scratches on it from packaging . Did n't like the way the LED 's laid out in the light . Did not light up well . Mounting that goes into receiver is two pieces and made of plastic . Sent it back .
 I bought this for my intrepid . Even though it says it fits for my car , but it does n't . It is too wide .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Slight difference on connector between this and original . Because of this the harness fit fine but could not securely clip in place . My car is a 99 honda civic ex .
 This light is functional , but feels cheaply made . Even though it has a 4 flat wiring bracket , only 2 wires are connected . The light turns on with your brake lights or with your right directional . It does not light with your left directional . If all you 're looking for is a cap for your hitch and an extra brake light this will work . If you 're a stickler for details you may need to look elsewhere .
 This unit is listed as an LED brake light and there are no LEDs used . Its just a regular bulb and it is a brake light only . Low price , free shipping , not worth sending back
 I have just got it , wanted to make it a nice combo with my LED tail lights but there is a light bulb , have no idea why they put the word LED in it !!! The price is great especially with free shipping with orders over $ 25 , installation is easy , look nice as well , just when you think you get LED and it 's NOT . Amazon should take LED off description . Maybe the more expensive version is real LED light , I wish I would try that now . Anyway every once a while this happens to you , this time it 's only $ 12 item ... whatever !
 I had to purchase another Bully CR-007 due to a driver who ca n't judge distance between vehicles . Anyway , as I was removing what was left of the brake light , I noticed the square plastic part that goes into the truck receiver was squashed . Wow . Some impact . Not at all . Looked closer and found the BULB and not LED had started to MELT the inside of the plastic right where the red lens attaches to the body . Lordy . The brakes are n't on that long and the plastic is already melting . Oh well . Install the replacement and hope the new one does n't have a melt down .
 I was not happy with this seat cover . It was not made of very good materials and did not fit my full sized bench seat as advertised . It was a two piece cover and the half that covers the seat back was even worse fitting than the bench half .
 This item was proffered as a cheaper version of the LED Maglite 's . It does work , but it is not on the same level as the factory LED Maglite . Save your money and buy the real thing .
 I thought my Mini Maglite would be `` 6X brighter than a standard bulb '' , as it is advertised . It is actually dimmer than the stock bulb it came with , and puts out a yellow-ish , sluggish beam . I admit LED technology allows a light to remain more consistent over time as the batts deplete , but this is not worth the money . I was bummed that I could n't revamp my trusty Mini Mag , but I found it best to just get another LED flashlight ... for example , I bought a Coleman MAX 115 lumen , AA batt size Cree LED light that about 5X brighter . I usually do n't buy Coleman things , but I was impressed - I can only imagine what the big boys such as Streamlight , Pelican , and Surefire have to offer . By the way , I also bought the 4 D cell LED upgrade made by MagLite -LRB- approx $ 15 -RRB- , and something like the Coleman blows that away as well . I have always loved Mags , but sadly I think they are a thing of the past now.If you have a flashlight in mind , search for info on it at candlepowerforums -LRB- . com -RRB- There are people testing a bunch of lights , and writing reviews on them .
 It is fairly difficult to repleace the bulbs in my car and these bulbs are nothing but a problem . The first bulb burned out the day after I installed it and the second burned out after a week . notice there is no `` Life Expectancy '' on them . Do n't waste your money or your time .
 The picture showed a kit it was called a kit and all I got was the gauge . Now it s properly labeled but not when I bought it
 Product appears to be a complete kit . It is just a Gauage . Was needing the complete kit that is pictured . Could have ben displayed better .
 i bought this thinking it was the full kit i was kinda upset when i recieved it and there was only a gauge . I guess the gauge is ok but i wish i had the whole kit
 Buy this instead http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000DZKWEQ/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title it looks to be a much better made product . I bought both and that is my opinion so far .
 I thought I was buying an ordinary head light replacement bulb.The item description did not say anything to the contrary.The package when it arrived had a small print marking saying not for ordinary street use . This implies that it must be super bright or somehow inappropriate . I should have returned the 2 packages -LRB- 4 bulbs -RRB- but figured it was too late .
 they said it fit my car and it was 2 &#34; to long . was not able to return it because I never got a chance to install it till the weekend . do n't buy anything off this site if you ca n't use it the day it arrives .
 Signature Series Dash Cover 81237-00-25 ; BlackWhat suede ? This does NOT look like any kind of suede leather I 've ever seen . It looks , -LRB- and feels -RRB- , like velvet CLOTH ! I have no confidence it will form-fit my dash . I have no confidence it will look like it belongs . I will use it ; if nothing else , it should , at least , protect the dash from further sun damage .
 I 'd suggest caution on two notes :1 -RRB- I bought this bulb thru amazon with the intent of replacing my '00 nissan altima 's headlight bulbs . But the product label says `` For offroad use only '' , implying it may be illegal to use as replacement bulb for normal use .2 -RRB- The item looked very flimsy and one of the bulbs -LRB- it comes as pair -RRB- was already broken when it arrived . I had to get RMA and return it to the seller . By the way BuyNow seller is subsidiary of Buy.com and they have a decent return policy.Apart from that the product is probably value for money ... at $ 5.99 for two bulbs !
 The item arrived and the hydraulic does not work - The over all construction seems good for the money , but yet to use it .
 I ordered this online on Sunday and got an email on Monday that the seller wanted to be sure I was aware they do not ship the battery with the acid `` charge '' pak , and asked me to confirm I was ok with that ... HELLO !! Why would I buy a battery w/o acid ? Read the small print on this . I have contacted them this morning to see if I can cancel the order . I will update later today or whenever they answer ...
 This Mini Cooper mat did n't fit . It was way too small , and the vent holes were mostly covered . It was poorly constructed and very flimsy . A complete waste of my time and patience .
 The web site I ordered my headlight switch for my 68 Mustang , had the wrong part listed , the vendor did stand behind the return . I will use Amazon again in the future . Thanks.G
 This product functional but is unattractive I preferred my $ 29.00 Pep Boys cover which wore out in 30 days as apposed to the cost of these seat covers .
 THIS LOOKED EXACTLY RIGHT FOR MY 92 HONDA CIVIC DX W/AIR , BUT INTAKE THREAD TYPE WAS INCORRECT AND WOULD N'T CONNECT TO FUEL INTAKE LINE FROM TANK .
 This product functional but is unattractive I preferred my $ 29.00 Pep Boys cover which wore out in 30 days as apposed to the cost of these seat covers .
 What good is a clamp without nuts . Everything else is fine . What more can I say . I mean is it so hard to make sure things are in the box .
 These fans are falsely advertised . They do not bolt right up like stock fans , and the wiring is a custom job too . They are also 1 speed fans , whereas eclipses require 2 speed fans . I 'm only giving these a second star because they seem to be of a decent build quality . All in all , however , I feel I was ripped off .
 I have a 2001 BMW . The trim was still in decent condition but I wanted to renew it and wanted it to look like new , which is what this product claims to do . This apparently was the product to use . I started applying the product and though it looked pretty good at first , until the dye dried . Once dried , I could n't really tell any difference . It looks exactly like it did before applying `` Forever Black '' . Even after two coats , I ca n't tell the difference .
 I cleaned the faded black bumpers and trim on my 2003 Volvo S60 - the back bumper was seriously faded . I then masked the adjacent paint and applied 2 good coats of forever black - In all the process took about 2 hours . The car really looked good then , almost like new . My impression was , `` cool , this stuff is great ! '' . Judging by how difficult it was to clean up the spills , it seemed that it was going to stick and be durable . However , because I wanted to make sure the `` dye '' had cured , I did not wash the car for about 3 weeks . Then I used one of those automatic car washes that are at gas station / convenience stores . The side trim still looks good but the rear bumper has lost most of the `` dye '' - it just washed off during the first wash ! Maybe your results will be better if you have the time to hand wash your car , but do you really have time to always do that ?
 The product I received -LRB- with Amazon as the direct vendor -RRB- carried the TAR300 part number , but the lock nut carriage was a different shape -LRB- see customer image -RRB- . Unfortunately , the design I received has a lock nut carriage with sides that are 1-9/16 '' tall . Since myPro Series 63153 Black 60 '' x 24 '' Hitch Mounted Cargo Carrierhas a 2 '' shank with 1/4 '' walls , that leaves exactly 1-1/2 '' clearance , making this product a maddening mere 1/16 '' too tall to fit.The illustrations on the package also reflected the design that I actually received , but the packaging shows copyright 2005 , so I ca n't tell if the Amazon product image has just always been wrong or if the design has changed ; and since no one else has documented a fitment problem of this sort , I similarly ca n't tell if that 's due to a change in what 's being shipped , or if some receiver shanks have 1-9/16 '' of clearance.The pin and locking mechanism seemed quite good , so two stars for that , but without the ability to use the lock nut to achieve the intended anti-rattle purpose , this is just an overpriced hitch pin ; returned to Amazon in exchange for a different design .
 This system has a nut welded on to a U-Shaped `` lock nut carriage . '' The way it 's welded on makes it a bit tricky to thread the bolt into the nut , but doable . However , when I insert it into my rack from North Shore , the fit is tight enough that the open ends of the Lock Nut Carriage gets squeezed together a bit . This means that when you 're trying to thread the bolt in , it 's at a slightly off angle . Over and over , we could almost get the threads to catch , but then it would pop back out . Really frustrating . Bought a second one assuming that the first was just odd somehow and had the exact same problem . Maybe we just got a bad batch or maybe we 're just idiots , but it kind of killed our big mountain bike trip so we 're switching to a QuietRide from SoftRide . We 'll see how that one works . I actually think the design of the TriMax is really slick and I assume it must be working on other receivers , but it did n't happen to work in mine .
 Wo n't go all the way through on my Toyota Tundra stock trailer hitch -LRB- class 5 -RRB- . Useless . Would get 5 stars if it was long enough . Be sure to measure
 Title of product misleading . You still need 2 people to bleed with this kit . How else are you supposed to pump the brake fluid out AND loosen and tighten the needle ? Save your money for an actual one person PUMP .
 Package arrived on time , had to run to the dealer for a stripped screw , got all the tools I needed and poof - wrong bolt pattern and holes were too small . Not sure what it was made for but it did n't fit my 2009 Odyssey . I 've got ta check my ordering to make sure somehow I did n't screw it up . What a pain .
 I have not received my keychains yet therefore I 'm not sure how they 'll look , but I am not happy with the service . I place & paid for the order on October 31st , and the order was just shipped on November 13th . I have received an ebay order that I placed and it only took 3 days !!!!
 The cost for the shipping for a sticker , is as much as the item , itself . Shop locally and save the money !
 I guess you get what you paid for . To me it 's not worth it . Maybe it 's a different story for the more expensive ones . This one covers the speakers that are on the dashboard . They 're not cut-out or pre-cut . Do n't believe them when they say `` it wo n't make any difference '' coz ' IT DOES . The highs -LRB- tweeters -RRB- are literally being covered and nowhere for the sound to come out ...
 Package arrived on time , had to run to the dealer for a stripped screw , got all the tools I needed and poof - wrong bolt pattern and holes were too small . Not sure what it was made for but it did n't fit my 2009 Odyssey . I 've got ta check my ordering to make sure somehow I did n't screw it up . What a pain .
 My brother advised me not to get these ... did I listen ... NOOOOO . I just got them this afternoon and checked the fit . They do not fit . All the way around 1/8 '' to 1/4 '' of the handle is exposed . They are not uniform either . I just completed the process for returning this product and I do not recommend them ... the one star rating is only because that is the minimum , no stars would be appropriate !
 I do not like these , I did not get instructions in putting these on , so I took it upon myself to clean all areas with alcohol and then put on the door handle covers and the mirror covers -LRB- making sure they were on appropriate LH RH let sit awhile and then drove the truck and guess what what a piece of junk !!!! the door handle covers fell off going down the highway and just for a precaution I took off the mirror covers when i got home and used my own double sided tape and heated the tape to make them stick better . I would not recommend this product to anyone ... . I would really like my money back this is junk ... as I have only purchased these less than a week ago .
 I purchased this item , along with chrome mirror covers , tailgate chrome etc. one year ago . It is now discolored , pitted and the Putco mirror covers are bubbled as well.Don ' t spend the extra money on Putco accessories , its not worth it .
 I ordered this product through Real Truck and they do not fit a 2007 Kia Sorrent as advertised not only do they not fit , they took the paint off when I removed them after attemping installation . Still trying to get a solution .
 This belt does not fit even though Amazon said it did when I ordered it.This belt has an effective length of 62.2 inches . The above automobile requires a 64-65 inch effective length.I discovered this after 30 days after ordering , so I am out of luck for a return.Very disappointed with Amazon on this one . If you order well in advance for a future project , you 'd better check it within 30 days for proper fit .
 The quality of this part is substandard . The door lock toggle fits very loosely and wants to fall out . I would not buy these again or recommend them .
 i bought this product but i still havet received it yet i bought it in March and even sent a couple of emails to the seller still no return email or product
 It matches my car but the problem was , it wo n't stick to my car . I followed the instructions as indicated but it just wo n't stick . Overall it served the purposed on to my car .
 I hooked up a 250 watt load to this 400 watt inverter , flipped the switch , and thick brown smoke came out . Then I tried using a schumacher 750 watt inverter on the load , but it smoked as well . So much for their overload protection .
 I purchased this product from a local merchant at double the price of Amazon because I could n't wait a day or two . The specification sheet says `` This device does not include an internal Ground Fault Circuit Interrupt -LRB- GFCI -RRB- . '' That statement lead me to believe that I could use the PI-400 to power my ground faulted device . I plugged in my known ground faulted device and the PI-400 went into immediate alarm with the red light and beeping . When the PI-400 was powered down and the ground faulted device removed , I then powered up the PI-400 and it continues to beep and stay in the alarm mode with nothing plugged into it . It 's totally unusable . Cycling it off and back on any number of times only reestablishes the alarm state . I would expect it to recover , but it does n't . It 's going back to the vendor for a refund .
 This picture is not the item they are selling . I recieved a totally different product , but was told that the pics are just for representation and do not always match the product being sold . However , since i recieved the product that matches the item number being sold , i can not get a refund or exchange . So neither amazon or the seller itself i worth a crap in my book .
 Too small ... . I have a polaris atv and it will not fit the seat . . Next time let us know what atv they will fit ...
 Bottom Line ... These covers do n't fit any ATV . They are too small for even a child size ATV . I contacted the store and got NO response ! I bought 2 of them and was out a lot of money .
 I wasted hours debating whether to buy this ashtray , or not . I shoulda went with not . This ashtray is tiny and all black . The pic shows a white bottom , and I thought it would make a nice ashtray to use around the house . It is a cheaply made , tuna fish sized , can with a plastic blue LED light . It ACTUALLY looks as if it was made , from a tuna can . To make it worse , I saw a very similar item in the 99cents store . According to the dimensions , I thought it would be bigger -LRB- Most of the other `` S '' type ashtrays look like large soda cups -RRB- . The only thing I can say positive about this ashtray ; it would come in handy , in places you can no longer smoke in . It will fit in your pocket/purse , and you wo n't have to litter the streets with butts .
 The picture for the item shows a brushed aluminum looking ashtray which is why I bought it in the first place . The item I received however was solid black . If I wanted black I could have bought one locally for $ 5 .
 It should fit any cup holder . Wrong ! My cup holders are adjustable and this ashtry dose n't fit # $ & ! . My first TypeS is much better , but has no light . This one is to short and has little capacity . I improvised by cutting a foam can drink cooler to the level of one of my cup holders . The tray fits in well . So , I use one by day and the other by night . I do like the light , but if I had not found a way to use this ashtray , I would have giving a zero .
 the dash mat was the wrong one . i sent it back over a week ago and there has been no refund or replacement yet . not even an email .
 the dash mat was the wrong one . i sent it back over a week ago and there has been no refund or replacement yet . not even an email .
 well this was supposed to be for my truck and when it came in it looked nothing like the picture and it came no where close to fitting my truck dash ! it was to short and completely different than what they said i was getting ... compared to the picture ... i paid about 35 dollars for a piece of crap that doesnt work ... thanks alot !
 I received a package containing a box labeled : ValleyPUGP3-3I 3 '' / 75mm Gear Puller -LRB- 3 jaw -RRB- . - Picture of the one pictured here on AmazonBut the box contained a totally different puller.Company claims it was a mistake and sent wrong one but I find this hard to believe . The box has a picture of the same puller on it . And company opted to refund my money instead of sending me the puller pictured in the ad . Although they did let me keep the puller they did send . But puller sent is crap and wont work on what I need it for . Hooks are to big and from the picture of the one in the ad I am confident that it would have worked for what I needed it for.So 1 star for being the wrong item . Otherwise judging from the photo in the ad . If I had gotten that one it probably would have been a great tool and worked.Bottom line do not order this tool from Toolprice via Amazon.com there is no way of knowing whether you will have the same experience as I have had .
 well this was supposed to be for my truck and when it came in it looked nothing like the picture and it came no where close to fitting my truck dash ! it was to short and completely different than what they said i was getting ... compared to the picture ... i paid about 35 dollars for a piece of crap that doesnt work ... thanks alot !
 I bought this based on the other reviews , and I am very dissapointed . I use it for my Blackberry 8705 , but unfortunately after going over a few bumps or potholes the side adjuster becomes loose , meaning that my BBerry ends up on the floor of my car . Also , if you have vents that are at an angle rather than at 90 degrees , then it is also difficult to attach . -LRB- I know I can use the double sided tape ... but who wants to leave a sticky mark on their dashboard -RRB- . I 'll be looking for something else , as I like the concept .
 I have a slim phone , it just slips through . Bottom ledge is too short and is flat , no guard to stop the phone . It appears designed for thick devices , sides are not adjustable for device thickness . Really poor .
 Is not secure for Iphone it slips out!the bottom ledge its to short .
 They do n't really fit anything . I bought this for my iPhone , and intended to use it to hold the iPhone on pullable golf cart or when occasionally in a riding cart . Any little bump or jar , and I had to go diving for my iPhone to catch it as it popped out of the holder several times . I even glued the adjustable opening in position so that it snugly held my iPhone and it still did n't really hold it securely . I now have a cozy hanging from my golf bag , and put my iphone in it when walking the golfcourse . Problem solved , and I got the cozy for free at the company picnic .
 This change holder holds change ok , but the whole point of a change holder like this is to be able to easy retrieve change when needed . At this task , this product is a failure because of the extremely weak springs used . The springs holding the coins in their respective slots are quite weak and so it can actually end up being extremely difficult to get coins out of this thing . You try to slide a quarter or a dime out , but end up just pushing the coin down into the opening . You 'll fumble for many seconds trying to get coins out or may just give up.Most modern car cup holders can hold a super-gulp sized cup , but this coin holder is the size of a small coffee cup . As such , it will certainly fit any cup holder , but it wo n't fit in it well and will shake and jostle around . In my 2013 Ford Escape , the lip of the coin holder is below the top of my cup holder . That 's not really a show stopper , but does mean you have to remove it from the cup holder in order to easily add or remove change , etc. . I put the coin holder in a koozie and that helped somewhat as far as making it fit better in my cup holders .
 ok i clicked on an item ... no description , what is part for what does it fit . . what a worthless ad waste of time ...
 As I write this -LRB- and as I ordered it -RRB- , the picture of the item shows a band-type clamp . THAT IS NOT WHAT THIS IS ! If you order this item , you will receive a plain old U-bolt-type clamp that you can pick up at any corner auto store . And now amazon wants ME to pay to ship it back in order to refund the purchase price !
 Walker Exhaust 35405 Hardware-Clamp , picture shows the clamp as a band type , but the u-bolt type is what was sent . I wish I would have known .
 Apparently no effort has been made to correct the image problem and unfortunately I failed to read the review . Bummer , They are just plain old exhaust clamps .
 the phone holder will not stay on the vent . everytime i move the phone the holder falls on the floor . i did n't realize the front display on my phone would be blocked due to the way the holder is made.don ' t waste your time and money
 YEA IT LOOKS NICE IN THE PICTURE BUT WHEN YOU PUT IT ON THE WHEEL IT WILL RIP ... AND WHO HAS THE TIME TO PACKAGE IT BACK UP AND MAIL IT BACK ... I DONT !! EASIER TO BUY THIS AT A LOCAL STORE SO IT IS EASIER TO RETURN !!
 These bulbs were not as described and not much good at all . They gave out very little light . I was quite disappointed . The company was hard to deal with also . I would not buy from them again . Thanks to Amazon I did get a refund .
 Does not attach to my drain , as I have the opposite adapter on my drain . Since it will probably cost me more to ship it back , I 'll keep it in my toolbox ...
 Bought these for an engine rebuild only to have them fail within 1000 miles.First clue should have been that both OEM parts and most other aftermarket valve seals provide separate part numbers and color coded differences between intake and exhaust side seals . These were `` one part fits all '' . Spend a couple extra bucks and get something that will last .
 What ever you do , DO NOT spill this while you 're filling your trans ! If you do make sure you wipe it up completely . This oil has a TERRIBLE smell and when it gets hot it gets worse . Google ` royal purple Synchromax smell ' . I 'm thinking of changing back to GM stuff , ca n't get rid of the odor inside the car .
 Part looks great ! Speedy delivery . I ordered it thinking it was a regular spool . This needs to be labeled a MINI SPOOL and also needs to be labeled for a28 SPINE . Thank you for your time
 Pile is not as deep as the original lexus product . Matting on back of one piece was falling away . Color was as represented.Would not buy this product again .
 Tape did not sick to glass after making sure glass was clean , thank God it is plastic because it fell off on route to work I ended up putting double sides tape over the original tape for it to sick
 Gauge gives wildly inconsistent and inaccurate readings -LRB- 10 and 65 psi consecutive readings from the same tire -RRB- . Poor quality product .
 make sure you buy lot of ducttape along with this product , it dont stay in properly and with a slight shake , the power is lost.worthless .
 The product arrived in one week . The winch is fine , but the `` switch '' does not work . -LRB- does not recieve power and the battery is fine . -RRB- We called a dealer rep. repair shop and they sent us a new switch . The problem now is the wires on the new switch are too short , so they have to be spliced . We do Not have this working yet .
 Needed a new manifold for my jeep . This one arrived from Amazon - the price was better than most places . Product was made in China . Sand casting was poor , there was a large defect in the outside , appears to be from extra sand / material in the mold . The biggest problem was when I went to fit it . There was excess material on one of the flanges , that required extensive grinding to get the two manifolds to fit together ! Next , I could not get one of the inside studs to thread , and discovered more excess flashing in a cavity where a bolt should pass , preventing the bolt from making it to the head . Machine surface was flat , did include a gasket to go between the two manifolds . Plugs in the air injection holes were not more than finger tight . Product worked otherwise , just poor quality control on the part of the manufacturer .
 take away the fancy covers and you 're left with a flimsey piece of junk that could be bought anywhere else for under $ 100 . I used mine less than 20 times to load a car onto a trailer and it simply pulled itself apart . threads in fairlead mounting bolt holes stripped out and flange on spool cracked and broke . structural integrity is shot so now gears are skipping .
 Unless you have a smaller than average steering wheel , such as in a very compact vehicle , do not purchase this cover because it will not fit . It appears to be of decent quality , but was a waste of money that will now sit on the shelf in my garage for eternity .
 I bought a set of these lights in May and installed them on my truck . I did n't use the LED light , only the white light . By August I had moisture in one of the lights and wrote to Amazon who promptly sent me a replacement set for free , simply return the old lights within 30 days . No problem , their customer service was great through email . The new lights arrived quick and I installed the same day . Within a week the new lights have moisture in them . We 're talking about standing water inside of the lens kind of moisture . At this point it 's just money lost , disappointed . I 'd like to return them for money back but do n't have my original packaging or anything else . I would n't recommend these lights for anybody who drives in any kind of rain .
 These are cheaply made and get very hot - once hot , dont respond well to water ... . my fault . the KC 's that rapidly replaced these may not be american made , but they are made more american than these !
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 Very poor ! I threw it away . I could n't get to work in my truck . I would go from North to West and then back again .
 I could not get this compass to calibrate in either my car or my truck , even after talking to customer service .
 This digital compass did n't work in my truck , Dodge Dakota . I could n't get it to calibrate even tho I moved it several places on my dash . Also if left in the sun on the dash , it seemed to go haywire .
 Bought and returned two of these Type S Digital Compasses ... neither would calibrate . Even an MA in EE could not get them to calibrate . Not worth your money , time or frustration !
 This compass worked perfectly ... when I held it in my hand . When I tried to mount it to my dashboard , stray magnetic fields from who-knows-what confused it to the point that it could n't work reliably . I ended up having to return this.If your car has weak enough magnetic fields , this compass will work great for you ! It 's easy to read . However , do n't be surprised if you ca n't get a reliable reading .
 I received my compass in the time period that was indicated and was quite pleased with the looks of the product . I then tried to calibtrate the compass as per instructions . This failed repeatedly and I can not get it to work properly . Do not buy this product would be my recommendation .
 If you try to mount it flush -LRB- base parallel to display -RRB- , the unit will not work . I returned it for this reason , plus the display is too busy and the fonts were designed by someone without knowledge of the English language
 Just Recd . in mail this A M , mounted and drove in circles for over an hour and it stills will not calabrate , I will give it the rest of the day and maybe tommorow and if it dont set , back to amazon for a full refund .
 Ordered this compass thinking I was spending a little more than the `` junk '' compasses cost and would get one that would work ... Did n't matter ... Was never able to get the compass to calibrate ... Tried it in three different vehicles with no luck ... Guess I 'll shop around for a quality unit and spend what it takes ... Returned to Amazon ...
 Proplem with this compass is that it did not give true directions or true readings . After repeated attemps to correct and reset this item the direction was off by about 60 degrees . While traveling N it showed E. Changed batteries an again reset with no luck . Did not work well in my car .
 I only got a few weeks of unreliable use before this thing quit completely . A complete waste of $ 40 and a lot of aggravation .
 I purchased this digital compass from Amazon . The compass never was able to set up from day one . I followed the direction to the letter , but no go . Do not buy this product . It is a waste of $ 40 . Happy Amazon customer .
 I was n't able to calibrate this compass in spite of numerous attempts . I do n't know if it was because of my car or the compass . It 's also hard to read and the Velcro came off right away .
 I would rather have paid $ 35 bucks for an actual piece of crap . Wo n't calibrate , not very accurate . Waste of time and money .
 Purchased this after reading reviews and doing research on most compasses . Buyers take my advice and dont buy this because you will be just throwing it away just as I did . It does not work , its NEVER accurate and this company should be ashamed of itself for selling such JUNK . Its cost was not worth sending it back and paying the shipping . I think Amazon should not sell products like this and perhaps read up on such things before selling this item . I am a totally unhappy buyer and want everyone to know , Dont buy this !!!! JUNKO
 This device is a decoration and not a compass . It is not accurate and will not function in an automobile setting . I returned the one I bought . Please save yourself the trouble . It is misnamed and in my opinion is junk .
 Great compact Design . Problems
 This unit was purported to work in most any vehicle , but was completely flummoxed by my Hyundai Santa Fe . I then took it and attempted setup in my Dodge Grand Caravan - same results . Returned the product for a refund . This auto compass thing appears to be a non-starter , because I had also tried 2 other after-market comapasses from places like target , and still got only north , regardless of direction I was facing . I finally bit the bullet and bought a Garmin 1300 -LRB- a relatively inexpensive GPS -RRB- , and now my directionals are satellite-perfect .
 It looks cool until you expect to see the light show ! The red color shines brightly but the green is dim in color and the blue is invisible . If the lighting were to operating properly , I would be giving it more stars . The light show is the only reason I bought this product ... it stinks !
 Inaccurate by over 5 degrees.I was , however , able to break it open and adjust the needle by inserting a small screwdriver into a groove and twisting a collar till the needle was correct . Next I 'll glue it back together .
 Argh , we bought these expecting to get the multi-pack as pictured.Instead we were sent a loose roll from an open package !
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 The generator cought on fire do to a leaky fuel valve over battery . I tried to contact someone but there was noone to talk to . Do not buy .
 there were no pictures to look at to aid in decision making process and the description was barely enough to tell what it was . it was basically a big gamble ordering it . even though it was described as being able to fit my pickup it was clearly not what i needed ... in short your AP exhaust products line needs better description and pictures !!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 If there was a negative star rating , this book would get it . The wrinkles on my scrotum have more information pretaining to these trucks than this book does . Apparently to this book , 1980-1997 means 1980-1985 . There is virtually no information about any other years . Just a sampling , this book says the PCV valve is on the intake manifold . Indeed it is , however there is no mention about having to remove the alternator and a bunch of ther junk in order to get at it . Complete waste of my money and the trees it is printed on . I will be taking this book back to AutoZone tomorrow . This review pretains to Haynes manuals for ANY vehicle , they all suck . Cough up the extra money and buy a Nissan Factory Service Manual , desigend SPECIFICALLY for your model and year . If you have a 1994 pickup , get the one for a 1994 pickup ... NO information for ANY other years . It will run you over $ 100 , but it 's well worth it .
 I promptly received the item after ordering . However , it is not a Dorman brand as stated . The brand on the box was `` Air Intake Hoses '' . It came in a package with part # 1385012 as well as the Toyota part number 1788162040 that it replaces . It was a perfect fit as far as dimensions . It is made in China .
 This ball mount is not what you think you are getting . The Reese # 21332 is 12,000 lbs rated with a 1,200 lbs rated tongue weight . If you check the product picture and zoom in , you will also see the label which states the same weight ratings . Imagine my surprise after receiving the item and peeling back the label -LRB- so I could insert the holding pin on my hitch -RRB- and seeing stamped into the ball mount A RATING OF ONLY 1,000 LBS WLL -LRB- which is Working Load Limit -RRB- . I am disgusted that Reese would put their label on a product which is actually LOWER RATED than the label states . Never again will I purchase any items with the Reese name as I can not trust their ratings any more , especially for towing equipment . Oh , and another thing , the Reese label also stated `` Made in China '' . I have since Googled Reese 21332 and get conflicting weight ratings of 10,000 up to 16,000 lbs . How can Reese have different weight ratings with the same product number ? One more reason to avoid Reese products . Other than the above problems , the ball mount was finished in a nice even color black and fit into the 2 '' hitch easily , although not too snug . Seemed a little too loose compared with my older Eckhart rated ball mount . Could not use the older ball mount as I 'm using a different tow vehicle . Hope the above gives some insight as to what you may end up with . Will be more careful in the future . Happy towing!Reese Towpower 21332 Forged Ball Mount
 One of the attractions of this item is that it has two inputs
 A lot to like about this product - shape , weight , dual purpose plug ... just do n't buy it to use in a car with a Toshiba 17 '' screen laptop . The laptop is spec 'd to require 120w -LRB- 15V-8A -RRB- , but this inverter will not even charge it with the lid closed . Right , I plugged into our SUV lighter socket & the on light lit . Plug in unopened laptop , heard screech & watched it go off.Darn , it 's a pain to return things ... even though Amazon is by far the best I have dealt with for returns !
 I used it primarily for my handheld apple devices . Rarely for a laptop . The thing broke down quite soon after the purchase , and was relatively loud . I have another converter that i really like by Duracell - flat , black little thing with a turn on blue button . Really nice .
 The packaging of this tool box was horrible . The cardboard box that it was shipped in was flimsy and was ripped in several places . This product was delivered damaged with scratches along the lid and a dent along the bottom-front edge . This is partly the fault of the packaging , with no filler , only the tool box in a very large cardboard box , and partly the fault of FedEx . I did not immediately return it because I was packing for a three week hunting trip and needed the box to secure my tools and equipment . Upon removing the tool box from the cardboard box I was unable to open it and I could not find any keys . I had to call a locksmith , to the tune of $ 50 , to open the box . The locksmith struggled with the locking mechanism for approximately 45 minutes before he had to drill out the two locks . However , the box would still not open because the metal bar which catches on the locking mechanism was stuck on the bent front-inner lip of the tool box frame - different area from the damage which occurred during shipping . Upon opening the box , I saw that the bar which runs from the locking lift handle to the lift hand on the right side of the box was slightly bent and the metal protecting cover was lifted so the box could not be locked . Also , the frame along the right rear corner was cutting into the lid 's foam weather seal , which thrashed . After hammering out all of the dents with a rubber mallet and riveting the locks back into the tool box , I was finally able to get the locking mechanism to work and I mounted the tool box to the bed of my truck . By the way , this product does not come with any type of mounting brackets so I had to improvise and use a couple pieces of 2x4 's to mount it . Purchasing this product was a big mistake and I lost a half day in trying to make it work . DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK , SPEND A BIT MORE AND BUY A DEE ZEE OR DELTA BOX INSTEAD !
 Main bag is small . Magnets are weak . Build quality is nice . Less than what I expected for the price . Looks big , it is not . A sucky bag .
 - took two weeks to receive in the mail . - about a 50 % fit . small plastic tabs keeping this grille in place are not secure at all . i 've been driving my truck with the grille in place for two weeks and it has n't fallen out but i do n't give it a chance of more than a few months before it falls out at some point .
 I wanted driver side ... but recieved the other side ... so I need to order another , but afraid I 'll get the wrong side again ???
 This part is not an oil pan gasket . If you need an oil pan gasket and order this part , it will not work .
 They canceled my order and said it was out of stock , 2 days after I bought it . They said they did n't charge my credit card , but they did and have n't taken it off .
 This book is okay but not great . Lots of images but there still leaves a lot to be desired in terms of the content and usefulnes . Probably wo n't buy another book from this series .
 I bought this book so I could find identify which fuse goes in which socket and which fuse socket is for the headlights . This was a waste . It told me how to test to find out which one it was instead of the very detailed information for this car make model and year . It was too general .
 I put this replacement pad on my car a month ago and the rubber is already falling apart . It is splitting from use . It is a piece of junk .
 The IONFEEL does not work . I left it running in my car for 45mins and it never removed any odors .
 Deodorizer did n't perform as advertised . Returned product with prompt refund credited to my account .
 This is nothing more than pot metal garbage . I 'm sorry I bought it . I will make my own . Tool broke while getting it into position without much pressure on it at all . It should have been made of steel .
 As soon as I used this jump starter to attempt a start of my lawn tractor , it signaled that it needed to be charged despite the fact that this was the first use after it was initially charged until the green light came on.I recharged it until the green light came back on and tried again to charge the lawn tractor battery-still nothing.I finally used a plug in battery charger and that did the trick . I do n't know how useful this unit would be if I needed it to jump start a car battery .
 Bought the item arrived fine , tried to charge the unit did n't work . This is what happens when you buy Made in China crap , you waste your time and effort . I would stay away from this Brand Totally , simply waste of time .
 I installed this module in my 85 ' bronco as an upgrade . It seemed to work alright for about 1 month , then it burned out and left me stranded 100 miles from home . The tow costed me $ 365 , and ruined my whole day . The module was installed properly with heat resistant silacone that was included . The next day I reinstalled the stock module and it fired instantly . If you are unlucky enough to have already bought this module I advise you to carry the stock module with you and the special socket to remove and reinstall .
 I am pleased with the ordering , email confirmation process , and delivery of this product but not totally happy with the seat covers . The seat seam stitching is already starting to stretch which will lead to eventually separating . I have had similar seat covers in the past that lasted 3 years without this problem . What is the warranty and replacement guarantee for this product .
 I was so excited to receive this product . Enjoyed it , BUT only a month later , it tore and practically fell apart ! What a disappointment !!!
 The tool box was shipped in a box with zero packaging inside of the box , not one fragile sticker . Box was banged up at every corner and in the center of the lid . Come on people , do n't be cheap and bubble wrap it for the next guy ! B
 it has not been a total of 12 months since i bought the keyless remote . the plastic in the front where you push to turn on alarm has cracked and last week , it got stuck . car door would not open and i was warming car up since it was cold outside . it like plastic on the front it should not be torning up in less then 12 months . not happy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 No sound with cats and resonator , so I took them off and now there 's sound , but its rattling appart . Love the sound of it now , but wish it was better made
 the carpet is nice and they really do n't fit correct.They came with out the holes to fit correct to the car.so will have to find some hole bracketts to fit correct.It took a while to get them and then wrong when we did.Should have just gone to volvo dealer to get them.Color is correct.I think someone just grabbed off shelf and mailed them .
 Even though it said 12 0nly 1 arrives . RIP OFF Do not order unless you want 1 . Tiny No good for nothing but the trash
 This description is deceptive . It appears to be multiple gauges but it is only one . For $ 2.99 I could buy anywhere from 3 to 6 of these at any auto store.I 'm very disappointed in Amazon for the way this was described .
 I am Very UNHAPPY with what I received . I ordered the `` Bulk 12 '' and Expected to receive TWELVE tire gauges BUT ... only received ONE!I consider this particular item to be FALSE ADVERTISING.I would have rated this a ZERO if that option was provided so instead am forced to rate it as a One ...
 The title is misleading , you only get one gauge , not twelve , as described . Other than that , the gauge looks fine .
 I ordered 2 of these straight from Amazon -LRB- not a 3rd party marketplace seller . -RRB- The product number , as well as Amazon 's product picture corresponds to the qty-24 retail display . What I ended up getting wasSlime 20108 10-50 PSI Mini Magnetic Pencil GaugeSure , I did n't pay much more than the regular price for 2 , but I was hoping to use these as stocking stuffers and if I only wanted 2 I could have gotten 2 gauges PLUS 8 aluminum valve caps for the same price -LRB- also from Amazon . -RRB- As if that was n't enough , the gauges held up my whole shipment for a couple of weeks and in the end shipped separately anyway . Lots of stores carry these and are usually cheaper than Amazon , so save yourself the trouble . If you need the full retail display , I would suggest leaving Amazon completely out of the equation.P.S . I hate reviews of sellers in place of product reviews as much as the next guy , but this is a special case . The actual gauges work pretty well , but you should really visit the product link I included for reviews of the actual gauge .
 Bought it strickly for the looks . The contents inside last about 7-10 days . If you want to frugal , I suggest you lift only one corner of the foil just abit .
 I had to go through and individually sew each strap back onto the cover . If you even pulled the straps a tiny bit they would tear out or begin to . Because I did n't want to go through the return process I enforced every one of them . It works fine now , but it took me a long time to do .
 Worst seat cover I have ever bought . The seat and back fabric is OK , that blanket like stuff , but the other material is like panty hose and the straps rip out with the lightest pull . Spend your money elsewhere .
 I recently purchased this seat cover for my 2003 F-150 bench seat ! The material for the seat cover is what I excepted and paid for , but the attaching material was very poor ! Upon , installation the strings that were used for tying the seat cover to the bench broke ! I thought it was just one string , but as we connected the rest of them we had at least 4 more break ! The material that attached the string to the seat cover was cheap and flimsy and poorly designed ! I hope it will least through the winter ? I guess that 's what I paid for ! I wish they would have used better material to attach the seat covers !
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 The Hella 200mm x 142mm non-sealed beam headlights replace the type H6054 sealed beam and are a significant improvement even when equipped with standard-fare 55W/60W bulbs . Having said that , Hella lamps are inferior to Bosch and Cibi&eacute; non-sealed beam products.Hella lights have a much narrower low-beam spread than Cibi&eacute; lights of equivalent dimensions -LRB- approximately 20 degrees of spread to the left and right of dead-on center as opposed to 45 degrees with the Cibi&eacute; -RRB- . The Hellas also have different low/high focal points meaning that once you have the low beams correctly aligned to illuminate the road , the high beams will point at tree branches overhead and if you align the high beams straight down the road , the lows will unhelpfully illuminate the 30 ft of pavement directly in front of your car . No such problems with the Cibi&eacute; or Bosch , whose low/high focal points are evenly matched . Until I replaced my Hella H4 lights with Cibi&eacute;s , I used auxiliary driving lights as a supplement to the high beams because the Hellas brilliantly illuminated high tension wires and tree tops instead of the road I was driving upon when my low beams were correctly aligned.Hella has a phenomenal distribution network in the US and Bosch and Cibi&eacute; units , by comparison , are available only through specialty importers or auto clubs who place the occasional bulk purchase . As a consequence Bosch and Cibi&eacute; are about 80 % more costly and commensurately difficult to find , but they are much better products and well worth the added expense and effort , especially if you are compelled to add auxiliary lights as I did.As an aside , non-sealed beam lights are popular housings for putting H1 and H4 Xenon high-intensity discharge -LRB- HID -RRB- bulbs into . This is a serious mistake . H1 and H4 non-sealed beam housings are designed for use with halogen bulbs , in which the filament is precisely placed so as to match the focal point of the reflector . HID bulbs , by comparison , do not have filaments and rely on electromagnetic fields to generate an arc which occurs in a unique point in the bulb each time they 're fired up . HID bulbs therefore can not place their arcs at the reflectors ' focal points as precisely as halogen bulbs do , leading to extremely poor beam focus and excessive glare to traffic . Fitting HID bulbs into H1 and H4 lamp sets is good idea in theory because HID bulbs are very efficient and produce far more lumens per watt than halogen bulbs can , but in practice it is fundamentally incapable of achieving the desired result .
 sure it a -3 an aeroquip line but it sure isnt the 15 ft like the title states ... now that i look over the description it does say that its 10ft ... very misleading ad
 No details where do you look upthe part # to see what it fits?patti
 Nice eye-catching chrome design but scent is weak and barely noticeable if you put your nose next to it . Forget about using it in your car to freshen the cabin .
 i ca n't believe i paid 17 dollars for this piece of junksmells like 1 dollar fragrance from gas station and thereare hundreds of scratches on dice.it was supposed be a new item but it looks like ve ~ ~ ~ ~ rrrryold one . package was opened and actual package of the dice wasopened . i would feel better if the seller put that junk in awalmart plastic bag . if my friend gives it to me for free , i wouldthrow that away to the trash can . i put that on the dash board todayi could n't even smell it . please do n't buy it .
 These seat covers could not fit my regular sedan seats with headrests . Headrests are standard equipment for cars these days . This product is also very cheaply made and started to rip when I was installing it . I returned them .
 I ordered the Astro Pneumatic 1440 SAE Rivet tool on October 15 , 2011 from the Price Pros here on Amazon.com . I 've always had good luck with Amazon and had no reason not to make another order , albeit for a tool this time . I usually purchase books and music on Amazon but figured I would give a tool purchase a shot . The rivet tool shipped immediately and I received it about 5-6 days later . Right away I found that Price Pros had shipped me a metric set -LRB- Model 1441 -RRB- , not the fractional , or SAE version that I had ordered -LRB- Model 1440 -RRB- . The product looked to be of reasonable quality . My motivation in purchasing it to begin with was that the handles appeared to be stronger than some of the other brands that I researched . I contacted Price Pros on 10/29/11 and asked to return the item . I told Price Pros that I had received the wrong item and specifically said that I needed the correct one . I did not request a refund , I expected them to ship me the proper product . Both tools are the same price and therefore there should not have been an issue with refunding money or paying additional costs . On 11/5/11 I received an e-mail apologizing and telling me how to go about shipping the tool back to them . Price Pros did not state that I would be refunded and again , I assumed they would just ship the proper tool.I shipped the tool back to Price Pros shortly thereafter and waited for my SAE version to show up . I had a project planned that I put on hold waiting for this tool . I had already purchased rivets and other products for the project with the rivet tool being the last item needed to move forward . After over a month passed , I had still not received the replacement item . In mid-December I mentioned this to my wife and she remarked that she noticed a refund on our Visa account on 12/7/11 . I was not pleased that Price Pros failed to ever mention that they would be refunding my money , not shipping the tool that I ordered in the first place . I sent an e-mail to Price Pros on 12/19/11 expressing my dissatisfaction with their service . I still have not received a reply . I will not be buying anything from them in the future but do plan on purchasing the SAE rivet tool from another vendor , probably still on Amazon.com .
 measures and the price on offer make it seem like they are 2 dampers and sold only 1 , the measures specified boxes are not the actual product
 I am not satisfied with this Item , couple days ago I get 2 shock from 4 I pay for , and then , they sent the other 2 product are missed , but now I have to return the other two parts I have know , If I do not send this two they will charge on my credic card if I keep this Item , I not happey with this I need the four shocks of my car , please do not make any extra charge on this item .
 Well it looks really cool , but does n't work really well , I open it all the way up and barely smell it .
 I can not believe I spent this much for some air freshener . It smells good and looks Rad . but not 9 dollars rad .
 I ordered two of these filters for my 06 cbr600rr . I was alarmed to see a few loose flecks of the gold grip spray stuff Purolator uses inside of the rubber gasket seal . The flecks were about the size of a grain of sand , and my concern is they 'll end up taking a few trips around my motor and transmission . I 'm not sure how much grip texture trash is inside the filter or if it is on the outlet side of the filter.I personally have never had a problem removing non-textured filters from my other vehicles , so I see this grip texture as more trouble than it is worth . The texture feels softer than the texture Fram uses , so maybe that is why a few bits of grip were able to come off . I think it is unacceptable for a new filter to have loose trash flying around . I 'll contact Amazon to see what the return process is like .
 I ordered 4 of these filters . Amazon sent me a lesser filter -LRB- puralator classic -RRB- . Had to return them and place another order for the correct ones -LRB- I hope they send the correct ones -RRB- . The Pureones were on back order -LRB- about a month -RRB- . I do not know if the switch was intentional , but in any case this purchase was indeed a pain and has lessened my confidence in Amazon .
 Not so good . This item was way over-priced compared to others offering the exact same item . I would not recommend this item to friends and family ! Thank you very much !
 I returned the first one due to crinkling and streching in the material . The replacement was the same . Amazon wisely refunded my purchase and did not send a third .
 I LIKE THE POR PRODUCTS BETTER THAN THIS , PLUS IT TOOK TO LONG TO GET HERE . LIVE & LEARN ??????
 I followed directions , preped the surface , applied two coats and within two weeks the surface is begining to discolor -LRB- rust red -RRB- . This product is all boast , do not waste your time , effort or money .
 This product is garbage . Used on my 29 foot cabin cruiser and actually made the boat look worse . There is no substitute for a real wax job and after using this product I will be rewaxing the boat the right way . Leaves the boat looking very spotty and streaky . With that said always been a big Meguiar 's guy . Save youself some time and buy the Meguiars premium wax and do it right the first time .
 I get so tired of companies that take pictures that do not match the description or flat out are misleading such as the photo for this product . I shows two cans of aerosol . You receive only one . Rip off ? You tell me . I think so . If I have to dig and look for the fine print to desipher the actual product viruses the picture I figure they are not straight forward and honest with customers . I did not read anything that suggested only one can would be shipped . If the photo shows two cans and the cans are a special scent , that is what I expect . No more orders from me . I would suggest using another company . I did not try to return the item as the value is so low it is not worth the time or cost . I guess this is what they expect . Buy it and eat the cost . Run
 Item was missing a washer that holds the valve cover on . Only came with 3 suppose to have 4 . Had to reuse old part . Be careful when purchasing .
 Purchased this valve cover set for my 1995 Honda Accord with 2.2 engine . All parts in the set fine except the most important one , the valve cover gasket . Gasket is slightly off spec , with biggest problem being that it does not fit very snugly into the groove in the valve cover . -LRB- Yes , I know how to put the gasket on without stretching it , I 've done this lots of times in the past with no problem -RRB- . As a result , the gasket does not stay in the groove when you turn the valve cover over to place it back on the engine ; and because you ca n't easily see the gasket once the valve cover is in place , you ca n't tell if you 've gotten a proper seal or will leak oil . Next time will spend a bit more and buy the gasket set from the dealer , as not worth the hassle for the few dollars saved .
 In talled the lighting system and drove around with them and after the first rain storm I found one of the lights fogging up . The seal did not last even one rainy drive . I was expecting the lighting system to do much better than advertised ! I did not have the time to remove the a fending light and have chosen to live with something that is going to fail !
 Great out-put of light ... but only lasted for a week . One of the light keeps going out ... just trouble some ... not that easy to install either . Directions confusing and just cheap . I do n't even turn them on any more .
 I got this inflator so my wife could successfully inflate her tires . The clip-on attachment is better than the rigid style inflators , but still does not always seal satisfatorily against the tire 's valve . The high pressure gauge does not provide accurate readings and requires the use of a separate gauge to make accurate tire pressure adjustments . Overall it is a worthwhile purchase . Four stars.Follow-up . The first time I dropped the inflator the gauge needle fell off rendering the item useless unless used with a separate pressure gauge . Two stars .
 The inflator works fairly well for automobile tires ; however , I was unable to properly attach the device to fill bicycle tires . No matter how I attached the inflator , air escaped around the attachment .
 The handlebars looked great when I put them on my quad but they broke on the first use of them . They wo n't hold up under any stress of hard riding .
 I used this TBS on a ` oo Bravada and the install was confusing using the included instructions . Take your time and look at everything in front of you and how the throttle body is set up and you 'll have it figured out yourself much faster . As far as the `` whistle '' , I have n't noticed it . My throttle response has improved , but only marginally . And as far as fuel efficiency goes , I 've noticed a slight decrease of 1 to 2 MPGs . I would n't say I 'm disappointed with this product , but I 'm definitely not impressed .
 2003 Chevy S10 Xtreme 4.3 L V6 ~ ~ Instalation instructions are horrible . Hardware is low quality . BUT ! the TBS is a high quality aluminum and looks very nice installed . I noticed no power increase , but to be fair , if it only increased HP by 2-5 -LRB- like they advetise -RRB- then you will not really FEEL the increased HP . No increase in MPG , Zero ... I keep a record of my MPG for work . So my final thought on this item is , `` If you have money to burn , buy it . ''
 The center internal coil contact spring was not stretched out far enough to make contact . I put hundreds of dollars into my Acura -LRB- just parts -RRB- I did not have any spark because of this new cap after attempting to start , I figured out the issue after inadvertently breaking the cap . I later bought a replacement cap from Napa , twice the price though had brass contacts surpassing aluminum . I would not buy this cap again , or any other without brass contacts , most importantly functionality out of the box .
 This is not a repair manual at all , it just shows how to do some extreme customizing . This will not help at all with normal repair and maintenance . I am sending it back
 I love Fel-Pro gaskets and have used them since my first engine rebuild in the early 90 's . I will keep using them as they are well made gaskets . However , the fact that it says set on the package but is a single gasket really NEEDS TO BE FIXED !!! I am unhappy with this fact and after a rat race with an amazon agent I got both gaskets and was not to be charged for the second one yet I was because of the wording on the Fel-Pro box.The low star is due to poor labeling , nothing more . Quality from them has never been an issue in the 20 + years I have used them .
 Item description says `` Set '' ... which means two or more.Buyer 's beware ! These are packaged individually ... not in `` Sets '' . You will need to purchase two of these items if you want a `` Set '' . As far as the product ? I give it 5 Stars ! Product is just fine . Good quality Gasket!Pat from Minnesota
 We bought 6 of these for use in our repair shop . Upon receipt , one of them did not work . I opened it up and quickly discovered this outlet DOES NOT contain a fuse for safely limiting current flow to anything that is attached to it as a power source.We removed them from service due to being unsafe.Poorly thought out design that overlooked basic electrical safety ... FAIL
 read above , ca n't use as intended , no bit storage in handle , bought unit at Advance Auto , works fine $ 2.00 difference .
 Pretty much 4 tubes of aluminum -LRB- unwrapped , banging around with no packing -RRB- , and missing parts.E-mailed company for missing parts.Never heard back or received .
 what i ordered was for a h2 hummer , what i rcvd was for a toyota fj cruiser , 2nd time i have gotten the WRONG ORDER ! now they want to charge me money to ship it back to them . i guess this is the new american way .
 This is a great idea but with it installed , you can no longer open the wing window . Its kind of a bummer because i use the window quite a bit . i am going to mount it using some self tapping screws away from the window so i can use them both at the same time .
 These exact holders used to be made from metal . I wish I 'd seen they cheapened the product and now make them from plastic . I assume that one will break within the year . I have low expectations which is too bad because a couple friends have the exact one except made from metal and they are pretty much indestructible these plastic ones are not .
 not very good &#65292; the material was very cheap and it was also hard to cover on the seat . it was not worth
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 Worked fine for a few weeks but it just died while im driving . Had my car towed to my driveway , good thing it happened during the day.Reinstalled old distributor and my car is up and running again.Ive read that richporter is a canadian company but the unit that I received was made in TAIWAN . . returned the unit and got my refund .
 The product fit well but in three months oil began to seep thru the seals again . This has been a continuing problem for PT Cruisers .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Motorcraft YG275 Heater ValveCa n't find anywhere under the driver side chasis nor engine compartment , heater hoses lead to heater core & water pump . any same vehicle owner comment ?? Ford aerostar 1988 3.0 with factory a/c
 It 's the second one that I 've tried from Airaid . The first one that I tried was the AA310-618 and now this one , none of them fits Mitsubishi Raider 2006 3.7 L V6 do n't waste your time and money .
 This is the 2nd CPI 150 BK that I have owned . I purchased the unit because I could use it on the plane to power my Dell Latitude ES400 , and it was portable . This first unit was returned to Cobra Electronics Corp. because it did not work . Cobra 's customer service responded right away and a replacement unit arrived from Cobra . It worked briefly , but it too no longer works.Save your money and consider some other product .
 I was so exited to get this product , thinking I can charge all of my electrics , such as DVD player and e-book reader on the road . But my hope was shattered as soon as I plugged the devise in the cigarette lighter ; black smoke and burning smell from the fan . The only good thing is that I did if while my car was parked . It should have been disaster if this happened while car was moving ...
 I purchased two of these Cobra Microports based on their size and reviews on Amazon . I took them on a trip so that I could use my laptop in the car , but I also liked it 's feature where you could plug it into a airlines business class power outlet.I received the power inverters and did not test them out before my trip . When I was on my trip , I pulled out my first Microport and plugged it into my cigarette lighter outlet and smoke started immediately pouring out the fan vent and power outlet . -LRB- Note
 This is a piece of garbage . Does not work in planes . Do not buy it . It simply does not do what it 's supposed to .
 Looks great and nice case.Everything works and is very easy connectable to the car or plane sockets butthe problem that I have is how to link it up to the power entrance of my Sony Vaio via the USB oulet?Where can i find the cables and plugs for it?Not clear and not explained anywhere
 This is a small inverter . It will not power my 15 inch laptop . It will only charge it at best . The USB would not charge my IPOD . It would not work on the airplane . The green light showed it had power to it , and showed it was charging my laptop , but after 2 hours of charging , there was no differnce in battery level.In conclusion , I think it is good for charging light load electronics -LRB- cell phones -RRB- but considering my laptop draws 75 watts and it would not even power that , I think it is nowwhere near 150 watts capable .
 I would think twice before purchasing this product to power a laptop in your car . I travel weekly for my job and sometimes need to power my corporate laptop in a rental car using an inverter . I 've had this one for a few months and noticed that it has the same problem described in another review . The power light cycles from green to red -LRB- on to off -RRB- when plugging my Dell Latitude D630 laptop with high capacity battery into it . The load should be under 150 watts , but this inverter can not handle it . DO NOT purchase this product if you will rely on it to keep your laptop powered up while on the road .
 I bought recenty Cobra CPI-150 to use it with my laptop during the flight . It slowed my computer . Keeps flashing red and green . My computer screen keeps getting brighter and darker . The Cobra keeps switching on and off . Basically , I need something stronger than 150 .
 I purchased the cobra converter at an airport electronic accessory store . It shorted out 2 DC cigarette lighters in two separate cars and although the box lights up , it will not charge my computer . The electronic stores refuse to take it back -LRB- no longer than 30 days -RRB- and I paid a lot more for it than the price offered here . Bottom line , it could present problems and is a faulty product . I am going to try to write to the company to get a replacement or my money back . Highly doubt it will happen , but worth a try .
 I bought this power inverter for my dad for Christmas . It works great , handles the advertised load , is n't too noisy , etc. . The problem is that now , in mid-July -LRB- i.e. , less than 7 months of light use -RRB- , the fan circuit has burned out and rendered the device unusable . It 's a shame , because it was great while it lasted.By contrast , I have a Duracell one that has been working for a year and a half now with no problems whatsoever . Should have bought another one of those .
 It did not work . I tried to use it in business class airplane . Wasted money . I do not recommend this at all .
 I bought it to use both in cars and planes , but it never worked ! It keeps turning on and off . I 've tried to use it in three different cars and in several planes , but it never worked . Terrible product ! Do n't waste your money !
 I purchased this inverter because the performance specs were 150 watt continuous and 300 watts peak . I was attempting to run a 120 watt laptop . The inverter worked for about 1 1/2 hours on a plane when the laptop was in power saving mode -LRB- ~ 90 watts -RRB- . I then plugged it into my car to test if it would handle 120 watts by pushing on the graphics card . It would not . The inverter switches off and on causing the laptops power management to have serious problems . Towards the end of the car test -LRB- ~ 30 minutes -RRB- it would no longer recharge the laptop battery and was starting to make a horrible noise . Prior to this purchase I tested a Duracell 813-0291-07 175 Watt DC to AC Pocket Power Source Inverter which would n't handle the laptop on a plane -LRB- in any mode -RRB- but would in the car . I 'm I am ready to give up on inverters for a while.From a design perspective the Cobra is nicer than the Duracell .
 I purchased this inverter to replace a Radio Shack unit that had failed after a great deal of heavy use . Now , this unit -LRB- like many others -RRB- has a circuit that is intended to enable the fan to run slower under light loads and faster under heavy use . Upon using this product , I discovered a flaw where under load close to the output capacity -LRB- 140 watts , in my case -RRB- the fan in the unit will shut off . Rather than mess with sending it back , I just opened it up and bypassed the fan controller circuit and it now works fine , although somewhat noisy .
 While the ` Fast Wipes ' themselves , work great , this is NOT a pack of 4 buckets , with 130 wipes per bucket , it is ONE bucket of 130 wipes , or 1/4 of what was advertised.I was going to send them back , but after more research , the price is not that far out of line for a bucket , so it is n't worth the hassle to me , it is just not what they advertised it to be .
 Description states replacement catalytic converter , stainless steel piping . The product received was one 6 &#34; galvanized pipe sleeve , no additional components .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 These were basically useless and were nearly impossible to mount in any sort of balanced way . I didnt like them the end .
 This thing - weighed a lot - I mean , it 's a battery , so OK - so I drag this thing , charged , out to the jungle with me . Spontaneously , the alarm goes off without any way to shut it off , until the battery drained . Thanks for giving away my position ! Then would not charge , would not respond , and there was no way to repair it.I will NEVER buy anything from xantrex again ! @ # $ % ^ & * -LRB- !!!!
 Seller will send item in such a slow fashion that by the time you receive it you wo n't even need it anymore . Then when you try and return it they will be rude to you on the phone . The icing on the cake is when you return it they will simply return the item to their stock and NEVER issue a refund . Do n't waste your time with this product or ARCA Video at ALL !
 I bought this to cover me during longer power outages -LRB- even short outages are thankfully very rare in my area , but it seemed wise to be prepared -RRB- . It works fine as a battery -- plugged into the wall or into the car -- but the solar panel is so useless that even in a fully sunlit window it effectively does nothing . Buy a non-solar battery and get the same thing without the useless addition ... or move outdoors and close to the equator so that the panel might actually charge the battery .
 We ordered this believing that the generator had some capacity . As it did n't we returned the item . I have still to receive a refund .
 This product is a piece of junk . It holds a charge for approx 30 minutes no matter hw long I plug it in . A very poor , cheap design makes be very sorry I bought this product .
 I bought it thinking I would have a nice back up energy for camping to listen to the radio or cds at night I followed the charging instructions and when it came time to use it did not hold a charge . I went back re read the instructions and followed the procedure again and then tried it on home on small electronic devices and it would only power them fro about a minute and the charge would say empty.A waste of time and money .
 Bought this product from a retail chain , because on was on sale . When to plug in to charge it for the first time , Beeped and said Voltage was too great , use the proper power plug -LRB- Code E201 -RRB- . Unfortunately it was the one that came with the Box . So played around for 30 Minutes , different power outlet 's , nothing . Read up online for fault finding . Not even listed on the manufactures website , this really is frustrating . Tried other variations , solar panel etc to work . No joy . Returned to Store , Lady similarly conducted experiments , different outlets , read the fine print etc. . In the end she gave up and I got a refund . I do n't know how exasperated I 'd be if I got this via Amazon . If the AC adapter that comes with box is mismatched and non-serviceable for the unit , shows you the quality control and thought for this product . Great idea and presentation , shot down in flames by abysmal ability . Do n't even bother unless you enjoy the lotto and have $ 100 's to waste.This is a genuine review and was bought before looking at the Amazon ratings .
 This product looked really new and innovative , so I decided to purchase it . However , this product does not charge laptops well or other pratical items . I returned this pieace of junk and received a full refund.Save your money and the hassle at the post office !
 For $ 19.90 -LRB- link attached -RRB- Kensington 33060 75 Watt Portable Power Inverteryou can buy a small 75 watt inverter , and plug it into your car cig lighter outlet to power or charge laptops etc. . I know you lose some portability , although they make cig lighter extention cords up to 20 feet long . I can see that it would be nice to have it in your tent and haul it around or whatever , but given that the best recharge rate in the sun is less than 1/2 a watt per hour and the unreplaceable battery will surely die in 4 years under the best of conditions , before you know it this will make a great boat anchor . The solar aspect seems cool , but if its basically useless and you throw it away in a few years -LRB- more batteries and silicon in a landfill -RRB- that is not so cool .
 Return Details
 I wish I could rate this at less than one star . It represents a terrible waste of money . When I moved out of state , I left it uncharged for about 4 months . It no longer takes a charge by any means and no longer works in any way , shape of form . The solar panel can be disconnected so I may be able to salvage it for use with another device .
 Bad battery not charging met my expectations not even reach 10 % , was a purchase for garbage , I am disappointed in this article
 Not the best for emergencies . Expensive item for what it does . Fancy cell phone charger . It failed when we needed it for a power outage . Does n't work , not worth fixing .
 I ordered a new unit and received a used one -LRB- retailer
 I purchased this item in May and I am greatly disappointed ... we read the insructions and did what it said as far as charging ... the battery dropped so fast i thought i was using a candle ... the thing is just a huge disappointment / / it does not to hold a charge the solar panel charges if you have a few years to wait not anything to purchase
 I got this unit and only 1 out of two fully charges . they hold their charge for a long time so its not really a problem . I actually ran a 110 volt light all night and not until the am did the battery finally quit . So , I keeping them for Power outages . For that they are fine .
 Quite simply , this thing looks great and the concept is wonderful . However , take all the best case scenarios and cut them in half on average . The company should be ashamed for publishing numbers that are not in the same ball park as the real numbers on my machine . I will say , it does make a great paper weight on a windy day and next time I 'll just by an extra laptop battery -LRB- much smaller & cheaper & lasts longer -RRB- .
 The product information should include these crucial tidbids , which you only find out AFTER buying -LRB- by reading the detailed owner 's manual -RRB-
 Many Cons - Battery not `` user replaceable '' -LRB- User manual recommends throwing the whole powerpack out when the battery can no longer take a charge -RRB- - If you do take the unit apart to replace the battery , it is an uncommon type not available at battery specialists . - Solar panel is too small to adequately charge the unit . Useful only as a top-up charger . - My unit has locked up twice , where the buttons and display do not work and you need to take it apart to disconnect then reconnect the battery to reboot the internal microcontroller . - Very difficult to take apart -LRB- to reboot the unit or change the battery -RRB- . - AC power adapter puts out too much voltage , causing the unit to complain about an overvoltage situation when it is left plugged in when fully charged . - Loses its charge quickly when not plugged in . - LED lights on both sides of the unit are wired to come on at the same time . No switch to disconnect one bank to double the runtime as a light source.As a warning , if you do have one , do not leave it off its charger for longer than about 1 month or you can damage the battery .
 This has garnered a lot of very negative reviews partly due to unrealistic expectations and mostly because of bad product description.It seems that a lot of the reviewers really expected to get the equivalent off aSunforce 50044 60-Watt Solar Charging Kitalong with aXantrex Technologies 802-1500 XPower Powerpack 1,500-Watt Portable Backup Power System . This is unrealistic to the point of silliness.Unfortunately the product description is misleading to the point of bordering on fraud . There is no mention that the 10 AMP hour battery takes 45 to 50 hours to recharge at 5 watts and that the AC charger is only about 10W and disables all the outputs but takes 20 + hours to charge the battery . Because the system shuts of at 40 % the 10AH battery is really about 6AH and that should be mentioned in the product description as should the rather unreasonable requirement to charge for 48 hours before initial use.As a 5W solar unit with a battery and nice status readouts its OK but the low amperage AC charger is a big drawback particularly as it ca n't be used with the outputs active . The AC power out is very dirty square wave and even the $ 40 inverter from Sam 's produces much better quality -LRB- at 1000 watts -RRB- although still dirty . Can only be used for Laptops or other devices that have a hearty AC/DC power supply or are very tolerant of dirty power . Not a bad buy but given the overall capacities should either allow simultaneous use of the AC charger , produce better quality AC power out or be considerably cheaper . It works OK for what I bought it for which is recharging a laptop which is rather a power hog and cell phones . But I do n't particularly recommend it.BTW the packaging is nice you use a tab to release the top and once hats open the package splits into halves so you do n't have to lift it out .
 Look if you want to learn to use solar energy do n't buy this product . Get a book and use that for starts . This products solar panel is only a 5 wat panel so you get nothing from the sun practically and you will always have to charge from the wall . This product sucks trust me and do n't buy it .
 Trying to go `` green '' , we bought this just for a simple , minor power source while away from outlets . We used it twice since we 've had it , to run a 12V dc fan rated at 10w and 0.8 amps . We also charged a small iPod speaker set . A few months ago while charging , the fan started running so I unplugged it . I just tried to charge it now with the AC adapter , and the fan started and the alarm sounded with an error message of E04 , overload on AC outlets . ? Nothing was plugged into any of its outlets . I unplugged it from the charger but alarm continued to sound . None of the buttons did anything . After an hour with the alarm still sounding , I took it apart and disconnected the battery . I waited 1/2 hr and reconnected battery . The alarm immediately sounded non-stop for another 1/2 hr till I disconnected battery.What a waste of $ 150 . It was used twice , never abused , and it craps out . Our $ 50 battery backup from Sears is still going strong after years of use , with 2 DC outlets that will take a AC converter , it does what we need . And as a plus , it will jump our car battery.Just a bad unit , or ...
 The radiator had several problems :1 . It came with two locator pegs at the top . The OEM radiator did not have these . The pegs actually get in the way of the van 's crossmember brace . It was necessary to cut these steel pegs off . No way should that have been necessary , but it was . I had to get this radiator in this evening and running tomorrow morning .2 . The rubber side flaps on my original radiator did fit this new radiator . Not that big a deal , but should have been engineered better .3 . One of the two bottom clips that hold the AC condensor to the radiator was broken . This was a very important piece , and BROKEN !!! Not sure i can blame amazon for this one , but it should not have happened.I intend to get up with Amazon on this poor performing product .
 I 've had this meter for about 2 years now and still have n't found a use for it.A real DMM -LRB- or even one of those Nano o'scopes -RRB- is much better at just about everything this one does.Also , the grounding clip on this is too small , and it has too many accessories -LRB- ironic , since it does n't seem to have much utility in any event -RRB- .
 What a joke , do we not make anything in this country of ours . I wish it was mandatory that the sellers of anything anywhere put the country of origin in the ad . Somewhere , someone in our country has lost his job , or had his hours cut . Yet the oil filter cost the same as if it were made here in the USA . Never again .
 I am sure this is a lovely MAF sensor . One small problem
 We had Python rebuild the air flow meter for our 1982 VW Westfalia van . It lasted less than 1000 miles and died.I made a call to THE PYTHON companys technical center and when I explained what had happened all I got was a run around . The person I spoke to tried to tell me that the sticker with the date of rebuild was actually just a serial number and he would get back to me about it , he has yet to call back . We are stuck on the side of the road at the very start of a 2500 mile trip to Mexico . Needless to say , the replacement air flow meter we ordered is NOT from Python .
 I ordered this item for my 2001 Nissan Pathfinder , the fist one after installation made the car buck & run horrible , Returned for a replacement & I believe they sent me the same one back . . I installed anyway & the car would not stay running . . Put the old meter back in & car runs fine exept for the SES light that wont go off . . -LRB- error code indicated MAF -RRB- I would not buy this unit as I had 2 & Neither one worked correctly . . I will have to buy the $ 400 OEM one ... I tried in a friends who had a working MAF & it did the same thing ... Product is Faulty or not designed for 2001 Nissan Pathfinder ... Time invested should have only been 30 Minutes , Instead I spent a good two hours with 2 non working MAF 's ... Very Unhappy ... RC
 The suction cup does n't stick at all . I bought this bc it had pretty good reviews but it is piece of crap !
 The product showed up on time and was a good price but was not the same as the picture posted on the site . It has two lines running the length of the handle where the picture shows a smooth finish . Disappointing as it was the smooth finish I was looking for .
 Got this for my dad 's truck . He said he struggled to install it due to faults in the adapter requiring him to file parts of it down to get it on.In addition to the installation issues , it does n't have the silver base as it shows in the picture here , and it is also not actually made out of wood . . it 's plastic . Yet the description says it is wood material . Lies .
 Bought these for my 99 pathfinder LE in 2010 just 10.000 miles the bushings are shot and the shocks are squeaking . The original shocks were on the car for over 10 years and still worked . So much for the lifetime warranty `` do n't waste your money on them '' . pure JUNK
 I have a 1999 Nissan Pathfinder SE , Amazon 's guide said they fit my car , well after receiving them I know this is not true !!! The rubber opening on each end are not made for this truck , I had to call KYB corporate and they gave me the right part # for my truck !! Now I have have to take time out of my day to send these back because of amazon 's mistake . . grrrrr
 I did not receive the item shown . It also does not pump fuel , just injects air into the tank to force the fuel out . This does not work for my application , it would take all day to pump enough air into a large tank in order to force the fuel up and out of the tank . I need a pump that pumps fuel not air . This would work for smaller tanks only.Would the one shown pump fuel only ?
 Beware of this low quality horn from Wolo . I installed this into my car as described in the instructions , also kept the horn opening pointing downwards so as to protect it from rain , etc. . This horn did n't last more than 3 months . Now it sounds like it 's dying and I barely used it . Piece of junk !
 i ordered this item . . love dolphins.first time ordering from this company . . only to recieve something totally different ! called the company twice , they dont answer their phones ! they have not called me back either ! sent the company an email . . waiting on their response if any to the email.i would not reccommend ordering from this store at this time.i know we all make mistakes but why are you not answering the phones ? why are you not calling me back ? and why oh why did i recieve the product i now have when it is NOTHING like i ordered online ???
 I wish I could like this shift knob more because it goes great with the interior of my car , but I had to take it off and go back to stock because the thing just would not stay put ! No matter how tight I made the set screws -LRB- almost to the point of bending the teeny hex wrench that came with this -RRB- , they would be loose within days and the shift knob would be loose and spinning around .
 I would recommend staying away from any of these Pilot shift knobs . It looks good but that 's where your satisfaction will end . Installation/mounting utilizes 3 small Allen set screws which are to be tightened to the shifter rod . One or two shifts and it is loose . Retighten and they strip the soft body metal of the knob . Re-tapping and using larger screws is to no avail . It immediatley loosens , unless you do not touch the knob , then rattles on the shift lever until it drives you nuts and give up and throw it in the trash .
 En la foto se ve mucho mejor de lo que en realidad es . La parte superior que simula fibra de carbono no luce nada real y esta mal pegada , tanto que para no perder mi dinero la despegue y cambie por una metalica que hice .
 I do n't know if it 's a coating or what but it looked scratched after driving to the store . If this is carbon Fiber it does not look like it . Black and chrome checkerd foil is more like it . Poorly thought out it mounts with 3 set screws and I could use only 1 because the chrome base has to be screwed over them after mounting . The set screws will blimish your shift rod . I would send it back but I feel somewhat resposible since I did mount the thing .
 No issue with the product per se . It is just that the product description is wrong . This item is located behind the radio on car equiped with manual air conditioning controls . You need a special tool to pull the radio out of the dash -LRB- Amazon sells this too -RRB- . Has to return the item since it was not what I needed .
 The sizing is on the small side , should have paid attention to the detailed description
 Poor fit , opening was not large enough to fit on the corespanding walker muffer that went with it . Not happy
 Purchased this product to install on my 2006 dodge ram 2500 with overloads . 8ft boxThe parts were right , drivers side fit wonderfully , but the passenger side Does Not Fit . The factory exhaust brackets , which are welded thru the frame , interfere with the mounting of the 58186 bracket . Can you say frustrating !
 the carpet is nice and they really do n't fit correct.They came with out the holes to fit correct to the car.so will have to find some hole bracketts to fit correct.It took a while to get them and then wrong when we did.Should have just gone to volvo dealer to get them.Color is correct.I think someone just grabbed off shelf and mailed them .
 The first I received , had no button to select # of cylinders , only a hole . The replacement failed to produce any rpm reading on the tach . Returned for a full refund .
 I only gave this item 1 star because there was not an option to give it 0 stars.The item states that it has GLOWING LED eyes when in fact , it does not.I checked the item number on the package against the item listed on the site , and the numbers are the same , so I was not shipped an incorrect item.Also , another important point , the picture shows the skull has a neck to hold your leather shift shroud.Well , the item I received had NO shroud neck at all so the leather does not fit tight to the skull.There is a huge discrepancy in what is depicted on the site & what you receive in the mail.They show what is described as a quality item but what you in fact get is a low quality piece of junk.I would send it back but the cost of return postage would only add insult to injury .
 BUYER BEWARE . NOTHING ABOUT THIS KNOB IS LED . LIES LIES LIES . I WILL NOT RETURN THIS ITEM BECAUSE IT IS A JOKE TO MY WALLET TO DO SO .
 I just got this in the mail today . Shipping , at the very least , was very speedy . However , when I opened my package , I noticed that not only was my hula girl wearing a yellow dress , not a green one , the dress was made of string and not any straw type substance . The hula girl looks nothing at all like the picture , even the base is different . The hand positions are flat and unnatural . Overall , the hula girl I got in the mail from this company did not resemble what I was led to believe I had ordered .
 Like the other reviewer said . It 's does n't even resemble the picture at all . Bought as a gift for bf and when we went to put it up . The skirt -LRB- yes they were made of strings and not the straw materials -RRB- immediately fell apart . I got some super glue and put it back but now the sticker on the base does n't stick well . I decided not to bother returning it because it seems more like a hassle instead . She now sits in front of his monitor doing nothing.Don ' t be like me and think I was going to get lucky . And I doubled check , this is the one I ordered from .
 My hula dancer arrived broken . She was missing the little spring that made her shake . Since I had a mere 48 hours to put her on a birthday cake , I could n't return . I had to pull out my hot-glue & put her together . Very cute item , but obviously it 's poorly constructed .
 Amazon needs to update their photo file on this product !!!! It is misleading to put a picture of a dispenser & hand cleaner combo , then only send out the dispenser !!!! As far as the product goes , the dispenser is 4 star quality , but Amazon missed the boat on this one !!!! Change your damn picture !!!!!
 The printed index on the outside of the tube is so faint , that it will probably wear off in a month , making the tool useless . Other than that , very nice .
 The product listing states these light tubes are `` Thin-Lite Corp. '' products . The items received are an inferior product manufactured in China by a company other than Thin-Lite . I orderd this product specifically because the listing stated a factory product . I have used these inferior tubes in the past , they last only 3-4 months .
 This is more of a BMX style noisy racing muffler . If you want `` silent '' as the title implies , do n't purchase this noise maker .
 The Putnam underbed goose install for chevy/gmc trucks does not fit well . Holes in brackets do not align with holes in truck frame , L-brackets do not fit where they should on top of truck frame and bend truck bed . Very disappointed with this entire system .
 The tool is average . The quality is questionable . The upper 2 fork pieces broke when trying to pop out the ball joint . Will not seat well on all car applications .
 I used this china junk 1 time and it stripped right out and didnt even pop the ball joint out ! I took this thing right back to harbor freight and got my money back .
 the spindle that holds the fork and lifter together broke the moment i started to use it . so i had to use an old steel drill bit to replace it . as i cranked it the lower lift arm broke in half . really disappointing . oh well it was only a 20 dollar loss . i used it on a ball joint so if your wanting to use this dont but this . it may slightly decent for the tie rod but for sure it will not have any use for the ball joint .
 Not the right part for ball joint replacement on a Plymouth Acclaim . I should have looked at the ball joint first , but I was mislead by the description that led me to believe that it worked with most cars . It said
 Brought it for DIY on the Tie Rod ball joint on my E39 but does not fit.never work on my car .
 One of the fork tines snapped off with minimal force applied , consider this a single use tool . Not worth the money .
 it ca n't be beat . However , as another reviewer mentioned , the thumb is too large and does n't fit ball joints with longer threads . The fork also broke after a few uses , so this really is n't a quality alternative to the pricier option . This should be fine if you 're doing a couple ball joints . But for frequent use , pay the extra money and get something that 'll last .
 The hinge pin sits loosely in the tool and will bend and snap . I snapped the hinge using a small 5 '' ratchet and minimal effort . The arm I was trying to separate was nowhere close to coming off . Also , if you are working on a smaller car , be aware that the forked part of the tool can be too bulky to fit between the arm and the boot . I give it 2 stars instead of 1 because you can replace the hinge pin easily if you really need to keep this cheap tool .
 This was a complete waste of my money . It never got me through a single windshield removal and was 20 times more difficult to use than any video I saw of this tool in action . I have been a mechanic for many years and this is NOT the tool to buy .
 Not necessarily the fault of the tool , they are offered all over the place . Probably more the problem that the adhesive holding windshields in place is so hard they are extremely difficult to remove under any conditions .
 This product is not finished ! The holes where the screws go in to change the blade are so sharp that it cuts small circles into your hands and it is not going to work for every window ! I not only wasted my time but I am still healing from the many cuts in my hands and my back window shattered because this tool was not good for my 98 Chevy Malibu ... If you use this product then make sure you wear gloves as the product does not have any warning labels or instructions ! As a matter of fact I am pretty pissed off and wish I took pictures of what it did to my hands so I can sue them for pain and suffering and a broken window ! This tool sucks !!!
 I purchased this key chain thinking it would look great with my toyota camry key . Think again ... The key chain was fine for the first month , and then it went downhill . First the Toyota logo on the front fell off -LRB- I do n't know where , or I would have reattached it with glue -RRB- . Then the part in the middle where the logo is affixed -LRB- it 's round and it spins -RRB- came loose and fell off . Now all I have is a big silver ring next to my toyota key , which completely defeated the purpose of buying this product !
 This Emblem is Approximately 1 1/2 X 1 1/2 inches.It Will Set you back $ 13.99 total . This is a flat molded Part -LRB- Looked embossed in the picture like the ones on the real truck -RRB- about1/16 inch thick.So unless your a die hard dodge fan steer clear of this overpriced plastic Sticker.Weighs about 1/10th of an ounce And costs $ 6 . to ship -LRB- Should be $ 4 . tops for both . -RRB- WOULD Make An expensive Stocking stuffer and would fit in easily , But may be hard to find.Very little product for the money .
 Bolts bent first time I used it . Only good thing about it is the case . Spend a few extra dollars and buy something worthwhile .
 Be aware that this will not fit a Dodge Ram 2500 even though Amazon site tells you it will . This is a common problem I run into all the time . The 2002 Ram 1500 was a completely new body style and the 2002 Ram 2500 was the old body style held over from 2001 . So , if you are ordering parts for a 2002 Ram 2500 , order parts for 2001 Ram 2500 on Amazon.com because they have it wrong .
 Plunger broke the first week . Seems to be a recurring problem . This is the second or third one I 've ordered . The plunger spring must not be very strong at all .
 With Honda 's massive ignition/keyless entry keys and FOBs , nothing really fits on the keychain if you need to add more keys . I put about 6 other keys and the small ring broke off . the larger ring holds 2 honda keys and one keyfob ... great keychain if you only have one house key and one or 2 car keys . Nice keychain overall , but just not strong enough if you need a lot of keys on one ring .
 The pro is obvious , it looks really good with the polished chrome and 3d emblem . The Con is that my bumber like all 2005 chevys has a &#34; V &#34; in the middle of it . When putting this on , the emblem is not part of the plate like others are made . The double sticky that holds the emblem on started to come loose . In short ... very good looks but extremely poor quality .
 I spent a week corresponding with the manufacturers tech support before putting in my order . The person assured me in three seperate emails that these shocks would fit my vehicle with a 3.5 '' lift . When I finally received it , they were a whole inch shorter than the stock shocks I had stored in my garage . I confirmed it was the correct shocks from the model number stamped on the tube , but this could not be right . So I contacted their tech support again . They assured me again that these shocks would work , when I replied asking why these are shorter than my old stock ones , they responded that I made a mistake and that they are only good for a 0-2 '' lift vehicle . I forwarded the previous emails to the them asking them to explain why they repeatedly stated it would work for up to a 4 '' lift . I never got a reply . So I returned them!I do not recommend this product ... PERIOD ! If their so called tech support is any indication , what is the quality like ? How do they handle warranty coverage ? If you 've got the money to spend , get some Bilstein 's . If on a budget , a set of Monroe Reflex shocks work fine . Either of these companies offer better customer service than Trail Master/PAG .
 Just installed yesterday on 4.3 Silverado . Does not sound good at all . well maybe on idle it does other than that your just another v6 ` er who tried to sound like a v8 . the only reason I gave 2 stars was for amazon on the shipping , thats about it . V6 Silverado owners , listen to V8 owners , dont put a exhaust on a V6 truck you wont be happy.Costs
 I was surprised with the quality of this key chain ! Its feel durable and the logo looks top notch !!! Comes in jewelry style box and the product is very polished !! If you are looking for a great valet key chain look no further !!! Update : After three months of use the valet part has broken off .
 First try on a nine hour road haul and it would n't reverse without wheel lockup . I picked up another -LRB- identical plug setup -RRB- in a Truck Stop and reverse worked as it should . It seems I have the lemon . Two days out of the Amazon return policy so it 's a paper weight .
 the picture in the ad is not what I received.I receive some small little peaces that I do n't know what they are for . the cost is little so there is not value to send them back but I had to look again on what I needed
 Mine broke after a few uses where the extension goes into the square hole . When they say , `` super strong graphite '' they actually mean black plastic
 The item that I ordered was what I thought was in the picture , which is the old style Cadillac symbol . I received the new style Cadillac symbol which will not look correct on my 1969 and 1985 Cadillac 's . I purchased three of these plates and now I have to either return them or eat the cost . Both decisions are an additional step and burden on myself .
 If you are looking for a classic logo plate then DO NOT buy this . you will receive the current generation emblem . and you will not be too happy about getting something totally different from what was indicated in the picture .
 Hood insulation.I am in the market for hood insulation for two 1970 's automobiles.How in the World do you expect me to purchase this item when there is no ; DiscriptionFiber contentSizeColorApplicationAnd , no photo ?????
 If you own a US brand car then this may work for you . I had to go to a hardware store and buy long metric bolts just to be able to use this thing . I am shocked that it does n't have metric bolts , maybe KD tools is not aware of the fact that 99 % of the world switched to metric decades ago and that other tool makers ship metric bolts stock .
 I was very disappointed with this item . No matter how hard I tried I could not get the adhesive strip to stay in place . Each time I lowered a window the chrome visor went down with it .
 Returned this item . Per AMAZON.COM they were supposed to &#34; fit &#34; my truck - however what was sent to me was the wrong size and the wrong year make and model . It was a good price , but I guess I got what I paid for .
 2 visors had mild scatches on surface forcing me to dislike . and even if they were scatch-free still would 've returnedcause they did n't do anything for the denali windows , the roof chrome strip was enough so ordered smoked from the dealernot yet installed but looks better against black and tinted windows
 I brought a set of valve stem tire pressure guages hoping that I do n't have to check the tire pressure again.The pressure gauge is made three parts : - A metal valve stem tire cap that thread to the valve stem . - A clear see through plastic cap on top of the metal cap . - A color stick -LRB- yellow , green , or red -RRB- inside the plastic cap that sticks out when tire pressure is low.Out of the box , the color stick indicator is visible since there is no pressure exerts on it . When it it putting on the value stem on the tire , the stick will be invisible if the pressure is above the designed psi.So you do n't have to bend down and check the tire pressure again by just walking around the car and see if any of the gauge has color stick visible on it . If it is , you need to add more air to the tire.You can buy the Valve Stem Tire Pressure Guages at 32 , 36psi . However , after just one day of use , out of four gauges , one has its plastic cap and yellow stick falling off and the other has its yellow stick comming out even thought the pressure is correct . So DOA at 50 % . That is totally unacceptable for a simple device like this .
 We bought two dashmats on Amazon for two different cars . The other one was so badly done we had to send it back . This one only had one flaw , a silly 1 `` x6 '' flap that was mis-sewn and hung wrong . No matter how long you let it sit , it would never look right . We folded it under and now the dashmat looks ok . Maybe cut it off someday and resew the piping to make it look like a professional job.As I 've said in another review , Dashmat products we ordered on Amazon do n't seem to be the quality they once were . I 'm looking at other brands from now on .
 Description said it would fit my car but it did n't . Actually the sensor fit but the wires were way too short to make the connection . It was about a month after I received it before I attempted the install . Had the old one out and checked it against the new one and they were the same except for the wire length . The connector was right too . So it was off to the auto parts store where they had the right one at twice the price .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 they say it fit good on mi car , but the wires was very short , I ca n't fit it on mi carwas wrong part
 I bought this oxygen sensor hoping that it would be a great product at a cheap price , but it turns out that it was not what I expected . The item seems to be defective ; it is not functioning well since it is weak to respond . I am not sure if I can get a replacement or a refund due to the seller 's strict refund policies .
 after traceing the whole vaccum , fuel system etc it was discover this sensor was defective500 .00 later if you are reciving system too lean recheck your o2 sensors
 Of the many purchases I have made on Amazon.com over the years , this is the first one I have been dissatisfied with . The mat fits the dash correctly , but covers -LRB- no cut-outs -RRB- the stereo speakers . The installation instructions say that this will not affect the sound of the stereo , but clearly does . My dash was thoroughly cleaned with alcohol before attaching adhesive strips but after a couple of days they quit sticking and mat refuses to lay flat to the contours of the dash . I am currently looking for another adhesive alternative at the current time .
 Unlike other mats that I have had in the past , this mat was very flimsy , did n't conform to the dash and would n't stay in place without the stick on velcroe fasteners .
 The Amazon search found this part and said it was for my vehicle . Since it was a lot less than the other sensors that fit my car , I bought it . Installation was very simple , but it did n't work . The vehicle now reports P0131 sensor voltage low with this sensor . Save some time and buy the OEM direct fit part instead of messing around with the cheap universal fit parts . Check the Bosch website before ordering . That site does not list this part for the 96 Volvo 850 .
 completely dis-satisfied . does not link with either of my pc 's most of the time . took too long to recieve the product and customer supplort did not help at all with pc link up .
 Manual offers very little useful info . Little or NO info in manual , software or website that pretains to LIVE DATA or PIDs , so info retrieved is basically alot of jibberish ! Downloaded an Acrton Scanner manual to get info the Equus should have supplied ! Item connects to computer via serial port which is an out dated technology ! VERY OUTDATED TECHNOLOGY , so unless your computer was puchased more than 7 years ago this device and software may not work or work correctly ! Local computer store laughed when I asked for a USB to Serial Adapter and asked what I would buy that needed such an outdated connection port ! The second store had only one on the shelf , it cost $ 40 ! Incomplete live data reported on device ! Poor screen quality ! Contacted manufacture custmer service 3 times to trouble shot device and software , always very very rude customer service & technical support !!!
 I bought it for my 2 99 Oldsmobile intrigues . One had codes showing up and i used this to look them over . It does show the codes and give a description . I do not like the idea of the company wanting $ 12.00 just for a repair report . I think that part of it is a freaking rip off . Also this device will not show any transmission info on either car or my 2002 Dodge ram . All it give is can not connect . I would not recommend buying this one cause it does not do ABS and the company want $ 99.00 for the ABS upgrade . Hmmm , kind of overpriced in today 's economy . I would recommend you buy a different manufactures scan tool because it will probably do the same thing for half the cost.Also , I called there so called tech department about the device not connecting to get the transmission information . This person told me that it will only connect if the MIL light is on . How the heck are you supposed to get troubleshooting information for something that may be going if you can not connect ? I know the transmission is going on one car and has thrown codes because the gas station scanned it and they show up . So do n't buy this tool unless you want to hear BS from the manufacture . That would be Innova and Equus . They also told me that the Auto Manufactures have not added any new codes to any vehicles since 1998 and the scan tool will pick up all the codes in almost all vehicles prior to 2014 . This 3130 comes with 2007 code . Kind of old . And yes I still have it . Not worth the time buying another one to put up with that company lies also . It at least lets you clear the code and gives it to ya , I can find the fix on the internet without having to pay the scan tool company the $ 12.00 report price .
 I purchased the Equus 3130 Innova Diagnostic Code Scanner with the assumption it would allow me to diagnose my van . I was -LRB- and still am -RRB- considering purchasing vehicle specific software packets from Innova to gain additional insight into specific repair techniques . I was not prepared to deal with the RS232 computer interface required by the Innova 3130 . I have access to four computers - two running windows XP and two Windows 7 . The computers are up to 7 years old . None of the computers have a RS232 port . I purchased a USB to RS232 adapter , and my computers are still unable to communicate with the Innova 3130 . I have spent several hours , and am getting angrier by the hour that Innova is selling a product that does not connect to modern computers . Just to give an idea of my personal computer knowledge , I built a computer this year with a Gigabyte motherboard , Intel I7 processor , 2 DVD drives , 1 floppy drive , and two hard drives . Does n't make me extremely proficient , but I am have been willing to spend time making computers work . So far , I have not succeeded with this challenge .
 I purchased the equus 3130 automotive code scanner first , only to find out , that it is to complicated to operate.After I downloaded the info to the PC , to get the required information , I found out that you have to pay for a report.When I called customer service , it was a 4 on a scale of 10 . After I returned the unit , I bought the lower priced model 3100 , here I found out that I can not download my information to the PC at all.Called Customer support , I was told it is my PC.It wont let me download any info.I checked with Computer Experts , Smart Computing , and had several answers.I cheched all out , with no avail.Calling customer service again , and they have no answer.So they leave you to hold the bag by yourself.Something has changed in the Softwa , but they denying it.For customers which are on the market for such a device , be aware !!!!!
 Although I was impressed by the features , they do n't mean squat if you ca n't get your questions answered.Submitted an email request and did not receive an answer , so I called . I did in fact get connected with a support member but unfortunately the individual was having a bad day and made sure I was aware of it , the response was less than stellar and not worth pursuing with the attitude I encountered . I had another question so thought I would try email support again ... no reply to date.Bottom line ... I wish I had purchased an Actron scanner , features not as good but their support is awesome -LRB- several friends said I 'd be sorry with Innova and I am -RRB- .
 I bought this ODBCII reader almost a year ago and have yet to find a code that it will read in my 2004 Dodge 2500 diesel RAM or my 2003 Honda Pilot.I know the Dodge posted a DTC code when the alternator quit because I can see the P2505 fault code when I do the ignition switch 3 X to display codes on the dash . This ODBC reader , even though it claims to be able to see standard and enhances DTC codes , wo n't show the fault code . I ca n't get the transmission DTC either ! It will do the initial link and find the correct communication protocol , but wo n't communicate with the `` extended DTC '' area . It shows a error on the display like `` ca n't communicate , check if ignition is on `` I thought I was careful and read the specs for this ODBC reader to see that it would pull any codes from my vehicles , but that 's not so.My Honda , occasionally will display the `` SRS '' -LRB- safety restraint system -RRB- light probably caused by a seat belt switch . This ODBC II reader wo n't read SRS codes at all , it 's not designed to do so ... I spoke with a tech from the vendor today , and in summary , if the `` check engine light '' is n't on , you ca n't see any unrelated codes . Which means this is not a very useful tool if you which to monitor faults that do not cause the `` check engine light '' to come on.I wish I could return it . Now I have an expensive tool that 's usable maybe twice in the life of my vehicles . I would not recommend this as a diagnostic tool it the check engine light is not on . I ca n't comment on how this does if your `` check engine light '' is actually on .
 This machine was 2 days old bought new and I received an email to upgrade it for ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also a cable promised in multiple emails missing from the package was supposed to be DROPPED IN THE MAIL 2 months ago !!!!!!!!! Still nothing received.I would be very careful buying this company 's products even though the machineseems to work well on my JeeP Grand Cherokee.I STILL do not have the ability to download and save my vehicles correct settings to this day.I have sent the company my address responding to an email asking for it a total of 14 times now.These people who lose jobs in this economy really need to get to WORK !!!!!! Did you ever hear an illegal alien complain about working?You wonder why these companies are in such trouble.I may keep this machine but I will NEVER BUY another from this company !! RC
 Great scanner too bad it does n't last long ! I got 2 so far that 's damage and only end up reading one protocol . . out of the rest so as of now I can only read mostly ford cars !
 I ordered this unit by the description and the photos that said that the usb cable is included . When I received it it came with a serial cable . 9 pin connector that none of my computers sport . I must have received old stock as a serial cable was the norm several years ago . With out the usb I will not be able to update . I do not want to have to purchase an adapter .
 Bought this for my 98 4Runner and it worked just fine on that . Then tried to read a code on a Kia and it would not register at all . Well that was a year ago . Now both of those cars are gone and I have a 00 F250 Powerstroke Diesel 7.3 . Does not work on this vehicle . If I would have known that it was selective on vehicles , I would have never bought it .
 The cable you will get with this tool will not work after using it a couple of times , because pin 16 will short out and that is your power source . And Tech support is to dam stupid to not just give you a new one they want you to send in your scanner so they can screw it up too . Well I can buy a new one from them at $ 52.00 dollars or replace the connector myself not a good proposition if it does not work . DO NOT BUY THIS TOOL .
 I purchased this to help keep a check on my Toyota . I discovered after I received the Item that it would not work with my vehicle as it was not manufactures for the USA . There is no mention on the item description that it is only for vehicles manufactured for the USA of Canada . All that is said is that it is for American Manufactured , Asian and European Cars . This is mis-information if not anything else , I am now stuck with as useless scanner/code reader , unless as the INNOVA technician told me I buy a car manufactured for North America . No offer made to refund me my money.Just remember , if your vehicle was not made for the North American market IT WILL NOT WORK ! So do not buy it . Your money will be wasted .
 INNOVA 3130 Diagnostic Code Scanner with Live , Record and Playback Data Capability for OBDII VehiclesThis review is solely based on Amazon . I have no idea how the unit works or if it works at all for my car . I have n't tested it due to the fact that I am not even getting what I paid for . I opened it and immediately closed it and resealed it , twice.Do not purchase this unit from Amazon unless you want to play the shipping game . In the description the unit is to come with a usb adapter to link to a pc . The version I keep getting from Amazon has a serial adapter . My computer does n't even have one of these . Serial ports are old and outdated . Technically the version that should be shipped out is the 3130b or even the 3130c . These are the updated models but Amazon keeps shipping me the old one ... . twice . I am done . I have found the 3130c for only a dollar more and with free shipping else where.Amazon does not read the description we type on returned merchandise issues . The return system counts for nothing if its not even read . If they did acknowledge return description issues , I would receive the correct version on the second attempt . Instead they send out a replacement within the hour of the return claim . It is impossible to correct an issue such as this unless Amazon is actually reading what the issue is . The shipping is top notch quick but it counts for nothing if I am not receiving what I am paying for.Buy at your own risk . Maybe someone else could get better results than I did . I called myself reading some of the past reviews and one person stated that Amazon is now shipping the correct version . Prior to that others where receiving the wrong versions as well . So I assumed I was okay with that one review saying they got the right version , but I found out otherwise , twice .
 Having previously borrowed a buddies 3100 that had a USB interface , I must say I was quite disappointed to find a serial cable was the only option on this supposedly better 3130 unit . It seemed like the 3130 was the sweet point on feature for price value , but I 'm looking to downgrade to a 3100 for the USB alone.Unfortunately , it only got uglier from there . First I decided to plug the unit into my wife 's Jeep , only to find Jeep was n't amongst the selection options . Figuring I must need to update the firmware , I loaded the included software on the PC and proceeded to try to update the unit only to find myself pointed to an update on the PC software that installed over the top of the previously installed software and not work properly . Recognizing the problem , I uninstalled both versions of the software and re-installed the newer of the two to find myself back in business on the PC but still no update to the unit . I again followed the instruction for an update and it managed to point me to yet another newer version of the PC software which I installed after removing the second version . Still no update to the unit . I now tried yet another attempt to update the unit , which gave the option of updating from the internet or disk , so I picked internet only to find it directing you to go to their website to download a '' . bin '' file that is n't available on their website.Unable to get a hold of their tech support , I filled out one of their tech support forms with the above issues and still no response . I suspect the unit will be going back shortly as I do n't have the time to deal with poorly integrated software and lack of tech support.Oh , did I mention that there are completely different websites for the unit ? -LSB- ... -RSB- . I suspect one is the hardware folks and the other is the PC software folks , but there are different downloads from the different sites even though neither has the '' . bin '' file needed to update the unit .
 I have been trying to chase down the root cause of a DTC P0171 using the advanced features of this tool and found it to be very limiting to the extent that it is useless . This tool works for those who merely want to find out what is the DTC when the `` check engine light '' is on as well as to erase the CEL . For that function you can get one at a third the price . I bought this model thinking that I could use the advanced features to aid in the diagnostics but to my surprize it is useless . I have not been able to get the PC-link software to save recorded life data . It can only save freeze frame data . Not being able to save life data is a major setback to the usefulness of the program . Also I ca n't cut and paste the live data from the screen into an excel worksheet so I can do my own graphing of the data as the graphing tool is so limiting , as it only show a few parameters at a time and the range is fixed making it very difficult to read as well as no ability to print the graphs . Then you can only print the live data one frame at a time which is very tedious and painful ; no ability to print all frames on one print command ! The PC-link sufware should have been Equus 's differentiator for this tool but at the current state it would be a major liability . There are also problems with live data recording as well and the connector is very touchy making it even more difficult to record live data . If I had known the limitations of the tool I would not have bought this tool .
 Do not waste your money . These do not even have a USB port . They have an archaic serial port and you must buy an expensive serial adapter for your laptop . The ABS upgrade is priced ridiculously at $ 100 and you can not even install it without buying a special adapter . You can buy an actron scanner that does ABS for less . Or literally for $ 4.99 software and $ 13.99 for the bluetooth adapter , you could use your droid to scan everything but ABS . The droid software is more straight forward , easier to use and does real time date which you can CUSTOMIZE . I am sorry I wasted my money on this relic . Look up Torque Pro on Android and you will see what I mean .
 This scanner only works on USDM cars and not JDM cars . The advertisment says all european and asian cars it should be USDM european and asian
 This is the year 2009 . However , the Equus 3130 has a serial PC cable on it . The last year I saw any new laptop computer that had a serial data port was 2000 . Everything these days has USB . Secondly , if Innova allowed its products to be updated by use of a web browser , then buyers would not be forced to use Microsoft Windows . Wow , being able to use a Macintosh or a PC ! What a forward thinking concept , only in existence since last century . Clearing -LRB- that is , resetting -RRB- codes should be a one-button operation but sadly is not . Is there any technical or engineering employee in this company under the age of 30 ? I 'll bet Innova management has a cracker barrel in the board room .
 It is being advertised that this product works on all cars 1996 and up , but that is a complete lie ! I have a 1997 Toyota Corolla and it does not work on my car . The reason is a little thing that they do not advertise on this website and on the box of this product and it is that IT ONLY WORKS ON CARS THAT ARE MADE IN THE US AND CANADA ONLY . My Toyota Corolla was made in Japan and I can not use it because the connector does not fit on my car 's connector . Hopefully , they do change their ads so that they will not disappoint any more customers . Also , if you do buy this product , it may be best to buy the adapter cable because the cable that comes with this product does not fit on all laptops and some computers !
 I have a Mac , not a PC . This product is not compatible with Macs . It should be fine if you have a PC but for me I 'd have to spend another $ 500 or so to get a PC .
 Purchased and paid for scanner . Waited for two weeks for the scanner to be delivered . Five days after the scheduled delivery date I verified tracking number with USPS they said they had been notified item would be shipped but item had not been shipped . Contacted Amazon and money was refunded . All this time my car sat broke down in the yard . I went to Harbor Freight and bought a compatible scanner for HALF THE PRICE of the Amazon scanner . Had the car repaired and running great in less than 30 min . after getting the scanner home .
 From all of the reviews of this product , I thought I was getting the top-of-line scanner that would work with any vehicle . I have US-made , Asian-made , and German-made cars . From what I can tell , it does not work with my 1998 Audi A4 . I have tried different connection combinations , vehicle key positions , standing on my head , etc with no luck . I will be returning it to Amazon tomorrow . But , ... From what I can tell , this does seem to be a very nice unit if it will work with your vehicle . It has all of the features that I was looking for . I just need one that will work with my Audi .
 This product had it have worked would have been great , but did not work on my BMW to reset code control . It read code to tell me what was wrong , but I can google those codes . I wanted it to reset system , but it did n't work , so I returned it . You need to go to a shop with a more sophisticated tool or perhaps even dealer : -LRB-
 Apparently , you ca n't update the firmware on this unit . The update feature in the software directs you to a link to the website for the update '' . bin '' file , but no such file exists . I 've looked for hours to no avail . Also , serial ports are obsolete - this scanner should have a USB interface for connecting to your PC . I had to purchase a separate usb-serial adapter , which is an extra needless step ...
 I read info on this every where , then called company on phone for the answers , they will answer there phone after 2.5 hrs . if they answer at all.online phone support had these answers : with these cons -- online phone support rated ZERO - dysfunctionalwill not address simple questions , Babel 's . its phone support for craftsman and snap on others as well . - will not read 2002 vw ect , bug - due to changein radio change out . ect , anti tamper theft . bug error - claims print out is 15 $ each . info gos to there web site , then it is bounced back to you , to print what 's on your screen . *** , and you pay for the ISP line as well . - claims `` newer mostly foreign cars at about 2008 areproprietary codes that only snap on and other 's pay big $ for the special coding '' , ****** as a computer programmer , I bet its open sourcecode / -LRB- see
 Costs way to much for 2 bolts . Do n't appear to be very `` heavy duty '' but I guess they would work . I actually returned mine because they did n't fit .
 I was looking for shock extensions for a specific shock , Bilstein ! Although they said they would fit they were the wrong thread !
 I Bought these for my husband for Fathers day . I even chose my truck which was a 2009 Dodge Ram 1500 SLT from the pull down menu and recieved conformation that these would fit . upon getting them the holes did not line up ... i 'm very dissapointed . then when trying to return them i had to choose the option that the iteam '' did not fit already exiting system '' and therefor it looked as if it was not amazons fault and I had to pay the shipping and handeling cost to have it returned !
 I bought these thinking they were the normal Bosch wiper blade refills which I 've used for years on countless cars with normal metal wiper blade frames which I now know are called `` open ended . '' In the listing , they show you the teeny pic of two wiper blades . What they do n't show is the box which has a big red circle with a diagonal line through it and a picture of regular wiper blade frames and bold red print saying , `` Only for use with Bosch Closed End Wiper Blades . Not For Use On Open Ended Wiper Blades . '' Darn ... Fortunately amazon.com customer service did a nice job as usual . I just wish they would be a little more careful with their listing text . If you look up the model number on the Bosch site -LRB- which I did before purchasing -RRB- , nothing comes up .
 DIFFICULT TO PUSH DOWN ON THE SYRINGE . MESSY . HOLDS FAIRLY WELL ON THE PROPER ITEMS . I WILL LOOK FOR A BETTER WAY -- TOO MUCH WASTED DUE TO DIFFICULT SYRINGE .
 This item has very little memory foam inside and provides no relief whatsoever . In fact , the lack of padding actually caused more hand pain than I had before using it . So , bottom line - DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY . Also has cheap plastic-feeling seams which scratch the hand .
 Having promptly received these replacement blades , I set about installing them . While the 22 '' blade easily popped into the existing wiper arm bracket , it became apparent that the -LRB- original -RRB- black plastic retaining clip would not slide onto the new BOSCH blades to hold them in place.Other vendors show what looks like two small clips that appear to go with this set of blades . No such clips came with my blades , nor do they appear in photos , thus causing them to be returned . These are supposed to be AUDI OEM replacement wipers and therefore it 's reasonable to assume that they should come good to go .
 Hi hopes for these Bosch wiper blades , thought maybe my install technique was off during my Saturday morning A4 maint session , gave them to my mechanic post my inability to install , he gave them back to me stating `` wrong wiper blades '' .
 Received part and it is a spark plug . There needs to be a dash in part number to make it a fuel pump . Hires had no problems returning part . Good service . Amazon and Hires need to get together and fix description or part number .
 These people are crooks . They advertise something that is n't what it is . The original listing for the roof rack was the entire assembly and now it is n't if these people really cared about their customers they would hold up to their word . !!!!!!!!!!!!! BUYER BEWARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 These might be good pads but all 4 pads , the medal clips and the directions were all lose . The directions looked like someone with the greasy finger tips crumpled it up and threw it back in the box . I do n't know if this is a previous return from Amazon or ACdelco but I am not going to buy brake parts from Amazon or ACdelco again . I hope nothing is damaged . Last weekend I did the rear brakes and got all the parts from NAPA and only for a few bucks more .
 try to force even 5 skis into this and the plastic tabs that serve to catch the thing shut round off and then are impossible to close . hmph !
 The wrench described here as a model 7612 is actually a 55mm wrench , not a 54mm wrench as advertised . The package matches the `` 7612 '' model number , but is clearly labeled as `` 55mm . '' The item that came out of the sealed package measured between 55.6 mm and 56.0 mm -LRB- using precision calipers -RRB- across the flats .
 I bought this unit and tried to use it on 90 + furnaces and it would not read gross efficiency . That means that it would n't calculate the water vapor part of the equation . A call to the tech . department confirmed this ! Buy the 2x c155 instead .
 These are light weight cast aluminum spacers . I used these on my car and for whatever reason the cause a vibrations and made this noise like they were moving around whenever i went over bumps . I ended up buying billet aluminum spacer from ebay that were 100 times better and experienced no issues . i would suggest look for better spacers before buying these .
 if the seller would have wrote down before hand that these are not for use on suv 's , 4x4s , trucks etc. and the fact that longer studs are required , i would n't have bought these . I just wasted 20 something bucks yayyy !
 This will be the first time i will ever have to write a bad review i hope . First off ok yea like the other reviews said it came bubble wrapped . . ok i dont mind that . This thing looked way different then what the picture showed . Second this thing did not fit on my 2002 toyota tacoma i had to ghetto rig it to fit . i will never purchase from here again . i hope this helps other ppl with their next purchase .
 I pull a 5th wheel and wanted to take off my tailgate and replace it with a cargo net . This one looked like what I needed . However when I got it the instructions said not for holding cargo . Duh , what is a cargo net for , good looks ! That is all this one qualifies for as it wo n't hold anything in your bed . I was very unhappy with it and would not reocmmend it to any one who wants to keep anything in their truck bed .
 Well the scews are NOT self-taping . Its too wide 2 tighten up and it stretches , so you 've been warned . but its cheap so theres that ...
 The hardware that comes with this net is terrible and would NOT self-tap , no matter what I did . All screws either stripped out , broke off , or were worthless .
 With a name like Bully you would expect it to be strong and capable . Nope !! it is weak and lacks the sort of utility that you would expect a CARGO NET is made for . It actulay has a tag sewn on to it that states that it is not intended to hold cargo.WTF ???? One swift pull on this thing and I was able to remove it from the back of my truck without undoing any of the straps . Every single strap came undone where it was sewn to the net rendering this thing totaly useless.Don ' t waste your money ...
 Piece of Crap . They show a nice tight , straight tailgate net in the picture . However , when you install it , there is no way you can snug it up enough to be tight and straight like in the picture . I have a fullsize 08 Silverado and I tightened the straps up as tight as they would go and it still hung loose . Plus it stretched and hung even looser after the first trip with it . The straps arent exactly sewn on very securely either -LRB- one has already ripped off -RRB- . Plus , as another reviewer mentioned , the instructions say that it is not for holding people or cargo in the back of your truck . Well what the heck is it good for ? I DO NOT recommend this thing.I pull a fifth wheel and need to use an airgate . I had a great metal one by Stromberg Carlson , but when I bought a newer Silverado -LRB- went from 99 to 08 -RRB- , Chevy slightly changed the tailgate specs , so now I cant use my old airgate . Went with this net as an emergency alternative , but am putting it in next years garage sale . If you pull a fifth wheel or need a cargo secure airgate , you need to invest in a metal one .
 We got this for a replacement for our old RV mattress . I could n't figure out why this was so much cheaper than a mattress I could buy at a local mattress place , but NOW I do !! DO NOT BUY THIS , IT IS HORRIBLE . We got it in July of this year , and left for a 3 week vacation . We did n't get thru the first week before it was clear that the hype , and the other reviews on different web sites were flat out lies ! OMG , this is n't much better than just laying a towel down on a board ! What garbage ... lesson learned . Pay top dollar for your mattress - even your RV mattress , because nothing beats a good nights sleep !
 I am into year 6 of a 10-year warranty . There is a 1-1/2 '' dip in the mattress and Simmons says it has to be MORE than 1-1/2 '' dip , the rest is `` normal '' wear . Then they voided the last four years of my warranty because of a stain . Well what mattress does n't have some amount of staining after six years of use ? How easy it that for them to not live up to a warranty , even if the stain has no bearing on damage to the mattress . The way I look at it , Simmons wo n't stand by their product and will blame you for its deficiences . It must be pristine , like new , for them to even consider standing by their product . The warranty was n't worth the paper it was written on . I will never buy their product again , and thank the Lord there are other mattresses I can purchase . And I will .
 I 'm a factory certified HD Service Tech . This wrench is a hard to find yet essential time saver for doing a speedo sensor on a sporty . Mac Tools carries one , you can order it online or even through Matco tools if you do n't have any Mac guys around.After back and forth with Kastar because they did not send me a bit with the wrench , received the wrench within 5 days of ordering yet the bit nearly 4 weeks later , finally had the chance to use it at work and would n't you know it locked up within 5 turns of the wrench.Frankly ; save yourself the headache , and do n't waist your time . I 'm not even returning this as I really do n't care to deal with Kastar further .
 I gave this a 2 star even tho I rated the felpro head set higher . In the felpro world in the past , usually a head set and a conversion set will take care of the whole engine on gaskets . Not so on this gasket set ... in the past coversions sets came with timing cover gaskets ... not so on this gasket set . Felpro needs to do some more homework on foreign oriented cars and their pan gaskets ... '' '' '' '' gaskets are not used on toyota 4 cylinders ... grey RTV specifically for the pan and other uses also . '' '' '' '' is the choice .
 While the AutoDry system worked well for me , it performs best only when used with the specially formulated soap . The AutoDry System was discontinued almost two years ago by Mr. Clean -LRB- Proctor & Gamble -RRB- and they cleared out their inventory to liquidators who are now trying to sell this stuff . The soap is no longer to be had , but for some reason the supply of the filters lives on . I 've tried other car wash soaps , but it really does n't work very well . Shame on P&G for not supporting its customers . I 've written P&G letters expressing my positive experience with the product and my disappoint that it was discountined . Their response was not even apologetic , just tough luck . I 'm so disappointed they I am no longer buying ANY Proctor & Gamble products . P&G 's business practice to sell discountinued inventory to liquidators borders on fraud because the kit systems can still be found from liquidators , but the kits have a single filter and soap for maybe three car washes . Consumers buy these kits assuming there will be a continuing supply of soap and filter products . BUYER BEWARE !!
 Yes , the spot free works . BUT my new filter turned brown -LRB- which is the color that indicates the filter needs replacing -RRB- in just 2 car washes . The car is an Ford Expedition , meaning BIG , but two washes on one filter ? In my view , too expensive for the benefit .
 After ordering this item , we were told by the recording on the 1-800 number that this product is no longer manufactured . We returned the item and have not received a refund .
 Not worth the cost ; at a minimum of $ 1.00 per wash for ten washes that takes the cost of a wash for me to three dollars for everything . . The thing that was n't expected was I STILL HAVE WATER SPOTS . . I did everything exactly as the directions stated ; yet I still have water spots ... After reading on the internet - ALLOT . I decided and made my own water deionizer . Use Both types of DI-Reson . One to soften the water and the second stage to Dionize the water.Know what ? NO WATER SPOTS . . It cost me $ 200.00 for all the parts ; BUT I can reuse the reson by regenerating it . . I also do n't have to do this for around 1,000 gallons of water , so the cost is way lower .
 As the cleaning step in the Mr. Clean AutoDry System , this car soap was no more effective than plain water . Better to get regular car wash detergent , mix it in a bucket , and sponge the car down . No shortcuts with this product .
 You are better off with a sponge and a bucket . There ai n't a quick fix to washing your car without going to the local car wash !
 HI I BUY A AC-DELCO 171-722 BRAKE LINING KIT FROM THIS SELLER AC DIRECT AND THEY SENT ME A AC-DELCO 17451R I DID NOT ORDER THIS ITEM SO DO NOT BUY THE AC-DELCO 171-722 IT IS DISCONTINUE SO DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM THE AC-DELCO 17451R IT DO NOT FIT MY 1999 CHEVY K1500 SUBURBAN 4X4 IT DO NOT WORK AT ALL AND THEY WILL NOT SENT YOU A RETURN LABLE SO YOU CAN GET A REFUND YOU WILL HAVE TO PAY FOR THE SHIPPING TO GET THE ITEM BACK TO THEM THEY WILL NOT THIS AC-DIRECT IS NOT A GOOD SELLER TO WORK WITH SO I THING DO NOT BUY FROM THEM FLAT OUT YOU WILL GET THE WRONG ITEM SHIPPED . WHO IS GOING TO PAY FOR THE RETURN SHIPPING TO GET TO C-DIRECT IT IS GOING TO COST $ 21.50 TO RETURN THIS ITEM BACK THAT I DID NOT ORDER I ORDER AC-DELCO 171-722 A THIS WAS NOT SHIPPED TO ME I GOT SHIPPED THIS ITEM AC-DELCO 17451R AND I DID NOT ORDER THAT ITEM THEY SHOULD HAVE CANCEL THE ORDER F IF THEY DID NOT HAVE WHAT I HAD ORDER AND REFUNDED ALL OF MY MONEY BUT THEY DID NOT , NOW WHO IS GOING TO PAY FOR THE SHIPPING IF I HAVE TO THEY NEED TO ADD $ 21.50 TO MY REFUND AND IT WILL BE O.K WITH ME .
 This system works great initially , but the plastic spray gun has a couple of significant flaws.The soap container leaks badly . So if you leave any soap in it when you 're done washing , you 're going to have a mess to clean up.The gun slowly starts leaking more and more until you end up getting more water on yourself than your vehicle.The soap/filter combo does a fabulous job though . No drying necessary and no residue or mineral deposits left on the vehicle .
 It 's clear from otherMr . Clean AutoDry Car Wash System Starter Kitreviews that P&G ; are no longer selling the refills andother soaps DO NOT WORK . How can you still be selling this kit ? It ` sGillette marketing in reverse!William
 Do n't buy Mr. Clean AutoDry . The manufacturer -LRB- P&G -RRB- discontinued the soap and filters . This item is now useless .
 We 've been using the Mr. Clean AutoDry for about a year and results are mixed . If you apply the soap , wash , heavy rinse then filtered rinse then wipe the car/truck dry , then it works ok . I can dry it before the spots appear . But you can not just wash/rinse/filtered rinse or just rinse and let dry or you 'll get water spots . This happens regardless of whether you have a new filter or old filter . This has been a very disappointing product . We get a lot of tree pollen/seeds and I was hoping I could use the Mr Clean AutoDry to just rinse off our trucks and then let them air dry but it never works right . We always get some water spots and then you have to spend a lot of time cleaning/waxing the truck to get them off . If you have a new vehicle or one with an good paint job then be very careful about letting it air dry after washing/rinsing with this product .
 I purchased my Mr Clean AutoDry Car Wash System about 6 months ago . I 've used it a total of 3 times . When I went to use it this most recent -LRB- and last time -RRB- I found that the internal seals had failed , the soap had leaked all over the inside of the case and out onto my garage shelving , and the sprayer no longer worked properly . Would not purchase again .
 This Product has its ups and down . I used this on my White Car and it did not do such a wonderful job . The Soap is Weak and left my car with clean spots mixed in with dirty streaks where you scrubbed with a sponge . But the No Towel dry does work but not so well , there are still some spots with water marks . All together i give this product 2 stars because it did not leave my car Clean , good thing this did not cost $ 70.00 and Up.Also This product waste a lot of water when cleaning your car.I recommend the old bucket and sponge wash over the MR. Clean , What can I say , the Old Bald Guy Failed me .
 Mr.Clean Auto Dry is a product that has the capability of being a major success , but the reason i rate it one star is because the fact that you have to wash it in the shade . If you wash it in the sun your car is going to look like crap . Next , lets say you run out of soap and filter and you need a refill . Would you like to pay at least $ 30 for 3 more washes with the Mr.Clean auto dry car wash ? Finally , if you do n't sponge EVERY PART OF THE CAR YOU WANT CLEAN and then use the auto dry feature , it will turn out like crap . Do n't buy this product . You will waste your money .
 I would have given this item 4 stars , but I am really mad at P&G for discontinuing the Mr. Clean Auto Dry system . I just paid $ 90 to get 10 filters delivered to my door from an eBay seller . It does work really well on black cars , spots are always a problem even if you hand dry . I only use the device to spray unfiltered and filtered water while washing . I found the device to waste soap if you fill the handle with soap , so I squirt some directly soap onto damp clean microfiber car wash mop and do n't fill the soap reservoir . Your soap goes alot further if you put it on the mitt instead of in the device ! Those cheesey filters do n't get 10 washes for me . Maybe I over rinse or my water is really hard , but I am lucky to get 5 or six washes out of the filter . My first point is do n't buy this product ! replacement filters and soap are double what they were retail one year ago ! And as they become scarcer they will get even more overpriced . When I run out of soap I will use a good car wash soap and when I run out of filters in two years I will pitch the autodry system completely . Here is the worst part ... These hillbilly sellers bought these parts from a wholesale liquidator at 10 cents on the dollar and now they are charging over the Kmart store prices .
 I have had my Mr Clean system for over 6 months now . Living in Orlando FL , we get our daily afternoon thunderstorms throughout the summer . My clean car needs washed everyday after my commute home through the deluge . This product is ideal for my daily rewashes . However the instructions are n't detailed enough to expose the secrets to a `` spotless '' car .1 -RRB- Do n't wash in direct sunlight and expect not to get spots . Early evening or shade is a major factor in reducing spotting .2 -RRB- If your anti-spot cartridge last 10 washes , you are getting water spots . Period . On my PT cruiser , I get 5 washes before my indicator is `` brown '' . My Ford Sport Trak pickup gets 2-5 washes before my indicator goes `` brown `` 3 -RRB- This system is best if your car is not `` dirty '' . Small areas of dirt missed by hand washing will definitely contribute to water spotting . You need a wash mitt , a bucket and rag to contact wash your car to allow the soap to interact with the grime deposits on your car 's finish . It 's ideal for my situation because my dirt is the spot and splash residue from my commute home through the wet roads.This system is NOT for everyone . A good example of who is a perfect match for this system is a residential real estate agent . A successful agent knows first appearance and perception is everything . If you shuttle your clients from listing to listing and want to start everyday with a clean vehicle , a quick wash at the end of your day , or after your morning run before you shower , will keep your car saying one more thing to your client about your success.On the other hand , if you are washing your dirty non garaged car this weekend , forget it . Hand drying will be your best key to a `` spot free '' car .
 This product is so bad I do n't see how it could even be approved at all for production . It 's a good concept on paper , but in the real world this thing is a tedious piece of crap.First off the reason anyone picks up a autowasher is because they want to cut car washing time down and not have to go through the hassle of grapping a bucket and sponge and cleaning and drying the car off the old fashioned way . It takes hours of your time , and for the average person it is nothing more than a chore.When I saw the autowasher commercial about every 5minutes on Speednetwork I thought maybe I 'd give it a try . Maybe this was the car washing miracle that lazy carwashing people like myself have been waiting for . I made it down to autozone and picked one up to try it out.When I first opened it up I saw how cheap it felt . Reminded me of those supersoaker knockoffs they used to carry at the disount stores . These thing is overly huge and clunky . Along with it came cartridges , and a soap packet . As soon a saw this I thought great ... I 've been thrown into the consumer loop of reapeat acessory purchases . I already knew I would probably spend 19.99 buying soap and cartridges every time I wanted to wash my car . That 's a dead give away to any crap product for anyone who can read between the lines.So after 10 minutes or so of trying to figure out this plastic chunk garbage I got the thing loaded and followed the steps as mentioned . Now here I am hoping that this thing was worth all the trouble . I get the car prepped and finally it 's time for that MR. Clean Autodry action . ! I shoot the soap onto the car ... at first I could n't tell if it was working or not because I barely saw any bubbles . Finally after a few test I saw that it was working properly and the soap was comming out . The soap was n't very potent at all . I have no idea what it was meant for cleaning but it was n't my car . After washing my car down with this gunk I then followed the next steps and rinsed it off . Again the rinse factor is very weak . I think my showerhead gives a more powerful wash . Just as directed I rinsed the car off then let it dry . I went inside my house and sat for a half our or so and came back out to check on my new sparkling ride.To my suprise what I really came back out to was a car that looked like it had never been washed at all . Same dirt and grime sitting right on it . Only the windows appeared have been cleaned off somewhat . After spending 2 hours with this piece of trash I was more than pissed . I picked up the gun and saw that the cartridges it came with turned brown somehow . I could n't figure out how or why . You 'd think something be more durable for it 's one time use.I stared at the dark blue gun in my hand . The devils on my shoulder yelling at me to smash this thing and stomp on it in my rage . I just wasted 2 hours on a Saturday for nothing ... FOR NOTHING ! ultimately I ended up returning the thing to the store . For the money invested I should of went to the dollar depot next door and picked up a bucket and a spone . Much better for 90 % less than the price of this worthless Mr. Clean product .
 Do n't buy this product , you will end up with more water spots than before , you will waste more water than with a normal wash , and you will always have to buy the filter and soap every 10 times of use.Also I takes more time to clean a car with this system than with a bucket , in average it takes me to clean a car 45 minutes , and with this system I clean a car in over 1 hour and 10 minutes , not included the time it takes me to dry for water spots left in the car.Steps to clean a car with a bucket and water :1 - Remove dirt with a sponge and water2 - Dry the carSteps to clean a car with Mr Clean1 - Rinse the car2 - Rinse the car with soap3 - Remove dirt with a sponge4 - Rinse the car to remove soap5 - Use the filter option to rinse the car with purified water -LRB- this takes a lot of time because the pressure is low and you need to be sure to rinse all the car very slowly -RRB- If you see there are a lot of steps in the Mr Clean autodry system , that is why it takes more time to clean it.Belive me , this system do n't work as advertise , even they have a money back guarantee it will cost you more to return it .
 very disappointed , I brought it as a bithday gift for my friend and when she used for the first time , she discovered it was defected , so I returned it .
 The filter does not last as long as advertised making this an expensive tool to wash your car . It is cheaper , faster and more effective to go to a do it yourself car wash . The soap does n't seem very strong and there is streaking when dry . I threw mine away -LRB- P&G does offer a gaurantee , so save the box -RRB- .
 After ordering and receiving this item , I had a question and called the 800 number . According to the person on the other end , this item and the filters have not been manufactured by Mr. Clean since December 2009 . As the filters are no longer available and there are no other manufacturers for them , we had to return the item . Too bad because other people who have had them swear by them and we were willing to try them out .
 This was a great product ... until they discontinued the supplies . Amazon 's still selling the soap but the DI cartridges can ONLY be had by buying a starter kit ... which , of course , is ridiculous !
 Bought this kit recently at the recommendation of a friend , and the system works brilliantly . Washed three cars with it , and the lack of water spots was a very pleasant surprise . Even if the water evaporates on the windshield , there were no spots!The unpleasant surprise was that local auto shops no longer carry the filters , and the filters can not be purchased alone on amazon.com . I found a rumor that filter production has been discontinued . This is , no was , a very good product , but without the filters , this system is just rubbish .
 Since I had trouble finding this product , I should have realized that it was no longer made . Ca n't get anymore filters except on ebay for a ridiculous price . Guess I will just use it like a hose nozzle that I can put soap in to help wash the car and RV .
 To sum this product up for you , first you wash your car with the Mr. clean auto wash and then you wash your car again because the Mr. clean auto wash does not work . It left my car with nothing but soap and water marks that I ended up having to hand clean the old fashioned way . This is nothing more than a squirt gun . I do n't know of anyone that has used this before and continues to use it . My car is black so it really was a pain . I guess this was designed for persons who own white cars .
 Have tried two different units over the years . Both were horrible . The unit always leaks soap both when in use and sitting . While you wash , soapy residue drips from the orifices and the deionized spray is so slow that you could wash the car and dry it three time before you can rinse it off with the spotless rinse . Useless !
 This product was a total bust for me . I have a new , dark colored car and wanted to give it a try to see if it saved me from hand drying it to prevent spotting . It did not.The special rinse at the end to stop the spotting stopped working in a few minutes , well before finishing the car . The cartridge turn brown showing is was expended in under 5 minutes -- not the 10 car washes claimed.I also found that the soap dispensed was not very effective at cleaning , and with no bucket , it was difficult to rinse the sponge well.If it worked , it would have been a nice convenience.I will be either returning it or calling the Mr. Clean people to get a refund .
 I was excited to read about the starter kit . Seemed like it would make keeping your car clean an easy task.Followed their instructions very carefully . -LRB- I always do that before using any product -RRB- . Used it on 2 german cars . Unfortunately in both the cases I see permanent damage to the finish.The spots looks like water marks . Initially I thought those were temporary.Since then I have had many car washes -LRB- obviously by not using this -RRB- . Nope those never went away.And yes I like to keep my cars in showroom like condition.I would never recommend it to anyone .
 Wouldnt waste the money on this . I bought this for my husband as a fathers day gift . It doesnt do anything that it is said to do . It sucks !
 Today , I attempted to use this grease gun for the first time since I purchased it earlier this year . I followed the loading instructions as written but was unable to reinsert the follower back into the cylinder after a tube of grease was inserted . The reason for the difficulty was that the follower spring became all distorted when compressed . It seems to me that the spring should compress uniformly into a nice neat coil . Right now the grease gun is setting beside my trash can waiting for pickup next week .
 Unfortunately this was not the product received and no tray was forthcoming . The packaged contained improper sized , partially assembled eyebolts which would not fit my Westin rack . This is the first time I received such from Amazon and was saddened by the lack of quality and misrepresentation of this product .
 I bought this assuming that I 'd get what you see in the picture -- a sturdy brake pad spreader made entirely of metal . That 's NOT what you 'll get ! You 'll receive an item with a plastic knob instead !
 Mine had a plastic knob , same part number . It was stripped doing a hard caliper piston . I had a hard time to remove it from caliper after that .
 The one you received will be one with a plastic handle . It is totally different from the one in the picture . Do not buy if you are expecting the one in the picture !!!
 The picture used for this item is extremely misleading ! What you see is not what you receive . Instead of an all metal handle what you really get is a cheap plastic turn knob . B.S.
 Equus 2 '' Fuel Level Gauge.This might be a good item . If i could get it to work . No place have i found what OHMS this gauge covers . Not on the gauge and not on the web site . No , i would not buy again.s i still have this one , i can not return .
 This ad is for a Fuel PRESSURE gauge , yet the picture is marked in Empty and Full.Please correct.Thanks
 I just tried 3 times and the glue doesnt stick . I did exactly as the instructions said , waited 5 minutes and when I started to screw it just popped off 3 times without pulling out the dent . Help !!!
 Billie . . Billie , you truly let me down . I saw this product and thought , `` This seems easy to use , Billie says it will remove a dent from my car lickity split . '' Boy , were you wrong . I am not sure where you went astray Billie ? Could it have been your success with `` Oxy '' ? The problem that I think that most people have found , and this is where my disappointment stems , is that the glue ; that wonderful OEM safe glue that will `` easily '' pull out the dent from your vehicle stick to everything BUT the screw stem that is suppose to pull the dent out . It sticks to the paint like a hungry vampire and refuses to let go , even AFTER dousing it with the included solution . What did you do Billie , make the screw stem out of Teflon , because after waiting the allotted 5 mins in optimal conditions , the screw falls off if a gentle breeze blows by , leaving me fighting with the glob of glue that is VERY firmly affixed to my vehicle . Billie , I got a simple solution for ya ... I promise not to come to you for royalties when you find my answer works ... are you ready ?? You sure ?? It is going to be a real mind blower.Coat the front of the screw pull with OEM paint . It sticks so securely to the paint it is NOT a stretch of the imagination to realize that if the dent puller was coated with that same type of paint it would have that same type of adhesion.Think about it Billie.COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY.If you have a minor dent you would probably do better using a toilet plunger .
 This item never worked . The glue was not strong enough to pull out dents . You will not pull even a minor dent out with this kit even though you follow instructions very carefully . I was really disapointed .
 However , since it does cost more than a penny , it 's grossly overpriced . After repeated application on a minor ding , two things remain on the vehicle ; the glue and the ding .
 It kind-of works , but is a major pain . I did n't expect it to take as long as it has - over 3 hours . After doing it over 10 times , the nut inside the screw cap came loose . We jammed it back in with a hammer and superglued it - it came out again . So , it is basically unusable at this point . I am guessing that after you use it 10 times , it just ca n't handle anymore and starts to break .
 it will ruin your car 's paint , the glue stick on your car and hard to be removed .
 This thing is a rip-off . The hot glue used to stick the puller to the car wo n't stick to anything . It wo n't stick to the car and it wo n't stick to the puller . It just does n't work . I want my money back !
 Followed Directions As written and pulling part broke the second time I used it . Very poor product . A complete waste of money !!!!!!
 We used this product some 10 years ago and liked it very much . This new one that was ordered does not work at all . The black stick of hot glue does not work , in that it will not adhere correctly . It pops off with the suction cup rather than holding the cup in place to pull the dent out . We have tried it on two items , the refrigerator and the new car . Had to end up taking the car into the garage to the tune of $ 158 . oo to remove the ding . -LRB- It was not a crease , only an indention which the garage pushed out from the inside after removing the inside panel .
 After following the instructions exactly , the product does n't work when trying to remove any dings . The pull tabs ripped away from the glue before the glue came off the truck , leaving big chunks of the adhesive on the vehicle . Then the next time I tried it , the pull tabs completely broke in half before pulling the adhesive off . Cheap , worthless product , wish I could get a refund .
 I purchased this item to remove a small dent . Much less than a grapefruit . I made sure the ambient temperature was within the specified limits and tried to remove this dent over 10 times . Very little to no difference was could be seen . Not happy and would not buy this again .
 Before ordering Dent King , I read all the reviews , comments and suggestions . I did n't think I was going to get perfect results above the wheel well of my 2010 Subaru , but I was hoping to lessen the visible dent created from an untimely whack from a bush -LRB- Do n't ask . But there 's a learners permit involved ! -RRB- When I received the package , the cleaning/glue removal formula was missing from the package . My message left with Dent King 's Help Desk was never returned . But a subsequent call revealed that this miracle substance was merely rubbing alcohol.In a garage under appropriate temperature conditions , I applied the hot glue to the small plunger and attached it to the car 5 different times . I made sure the pulling bridge was set up to apply pressure vertically to the tab shaft , and that the shaft on the tab was as close as possible to being flat on the plain of the lowest portion of the `` ding '' . I allowed the glue to harden/cool for periods ranging from 10 to 25 minutes . I applied lifting pressure slowly . About a half turn of the screw , then I 'd let it sit for 30 seconds , before applying another half turn.In all 5 trials , the tab pulled off the glue blob , leaving the blob on the car . There was not a sixth try . I packaged up this mess and chalked it up to hope trumping logic .
 We live in a city and we got a minor ding on the side of the car . We bought this kit a few years ago somewhere other than Amazon -LRB- think a auto store -RRB- . Anyway we did what it said and did it several times . It did take some of the ding out but not all of it . We barely got the glue off from it . A few years later we got hit by a suv when we were getting the car fixed we had the guy remove the ding and now it looks perfect . Sadly this thing was not worth the money or effort we put into it . I also watched Fox 5 and they tested the item it did n't work for them either . I know it will cost more but take it to a auto shop and get the ding removed there . Do n't buy this product it is worthless .
 I really thought that Billy Mays would come through for me on this one ... but ... it was a huge failure . I tried to use it on a softball sized dent it my sister 's car door . The glue lasted about 1 second into the process and released withour doing a thing . I even let the glue dry an extra 10 minutes , but still nothing . I then had to buy the Northern Industrial Dent Puller -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- .
 glue stuck on the ding , but not on the dent puller plastic . Followed directions . Went through all the glue . With slightest pressure , dent puller pulled loose leaving the glue on the ding . would not apply pressure to pull the ding . Total sham .
 We tried the product for 3 hours hoping to fix a few very small dents , but nothing worked , and it was complete waste of money and time .
 I wasted plenty of time -LRB- and Glue -RRB- trying to repair the ding in my car . This product served me no purpose , except waisting my time and money .
 This kit advertises it can be applied to soft dents . It better be a very soft dent as this product did not work at all for me . The glue appeared to adhere very well to the car but not at all to the pull tab . I am going to try and apply the glue to the dent and forgoe the pull tab system . Possibly using the pair of pliers with the glue may provide some results .
 I purchased this on March 15th , and it was estimated to be delivered between March 18th and March 24th . However , the seller did n't even SHIP it until March 24th , and according to the tracking , I 'm not going to get it until the 28th .
 The item was as advertised but would not remove any part of a dent on my motorcycles gas tank . Might work on others .
 I brought this product because the review it was given BIG MISTAKE . The dent in my car did n't even budge when it looked like it was going to move the the product would pop right off . The screw is too short to pull . I do not recommend this product .
 I followed the directions to a tee , I even went as far to sand off the paint to get it to work better ! Absolutely worthless ... I have no idea who or how this could work for anyone . The glue will not stick to anything ... period . I used all the glue and surface cleaner ... could n't even pull one dent out . You would be better off sticking a booger on a q-tip and trying to pull your dent out with that .
 I really do n't know if the product works , because I 'm unable to use it !! When I received the Item it worked only with 110 Volts , I all european contries we use 220 Volts . When offering , selling and shipping products to Europe , one should expect that the products worked in Europe , but that 's not the case.I tried to get a refund , or to return the item on the merchants expence , but they refused . Then I made a complaint to Amazon , but without any result . I have spent 80 $ -LRB- price and shipping -RRB- on a product that 's completely useless to me.This is certinly not the way to make people love eTrade !!!! Tor Valen , Denmark
 I would like to relate my recent experience with Ding King and promise to update as new developments occur.My order arrived and I read the instructions an attempted the repair but the glue would not bond with the pulling tab . I called the provided support number and was told that perhaps I had used too much glue . I tried again but using less glue made no difference . I then decided to return the product but was told by Potters Gifts that since the product was no longer in like new condition that I was ineligible for a refund . In anger , I called the support number again just to let them know that I intended to let the Amazon community know of the product 's poor performance and of my unjust treatment . This time they told me that a batch of Ding King product had been sent out with defective plastic that did not adhere to the pulling tabs . They gave me a number , 800 471-6123 , to call for remedy . I called and they are sending more pulling tabs.I will post again if I receive them .
 I had several small dents in my Celica and thought I 'd give the Ding King a shot . Followed all the directions and attempted to pull the dents numerous times but the pad would fail to hold on long enough to pull the dent out .
 Received the set with a broken plastic piece . I was not able to use it since the part broken was the most important piece which was to be attached to the dented car wall and pulled . I came complete though . Cheap but completely a waste .
 I wanted to pull a dent out of my motorcycle fuel tank and it would not pull it . Must have to be a flate surface dent , it didnt work for me . Maybe you will have better luck .
 Do n't waste your money purchasing the Ding King Dent Repair Kit . It does not work as directed . I tried over and over and achieved the same results . It did not remove or improve or make less visible the small ding in my car from hail damage .
 Once you get the Ding King delivered here is what you should do . Carefully unwrap the package making sure not to damage the outer cardboard box . Remove the inner box containing the Ding King and walk over to your nearest trash recepticle . Gently place the Ding King in said trash recepticle , close lid and go back to the best part of your purchase . The beautiful cardboard box it came in . Seriously this is the biggest waste of money there is . I am embarrased for even purchasing something that started out as an info-mercial . Does not work at all . Maybe if you drive a car where the sheet metal is the same guage as a soda can . If you have anything thicker , take your money and throw it out the window . Junk !!!!!!
 it 's like a toy , you can play w / but has no use . The gun did n't work as it supposed to - glue did n't come out or if did , was n't strong enough for other part to stick in in order to pull . They did send the replaced guns after i requested , but none of them worked . I gave up after several trials .
 I received my `` Ding King '' today . It was in a box in pieces in no original packing . I followed the instructions exactly and ... POP ... the dent remained and the `` Ding King '' was broken . The strongest feature of this product is the glue . I would not advise anyone to purchase this inferior product . Mine will be sent back ASAP . ... off to the body shop !
 FAKE !!! FAKE !!! FAKE !!! DID NOT WORK !!! DID NOT WORK !!! DID NOT WORK !!! The product was a generic version of the `` Ding King . '' Unfortunately I had to keep it b/c it was n't cost efficient to return the item.Who advertises one product and mails another ??? Also , the product did n't work after about 30 trys . I wish I knew if the `` Ding King '' actually worked.DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER !!!!!
 I tried this product to remove a small dent in my ford mustang . I followed the directions and did this over 10 times . The glue kept coming off and sticking to the car or the included plastic pully . I called dent king cust ser and they said to try ice to get the surface of the car cool enought to stick , but after 10 tries with very little results I did n't bother . Might work for a larger dent but not for very small dents .
 I just used the ding king today . IT RUINED MY CAR !!! I had a very small ding in my passenger door . It was only visible at an angle in the sunlight . It was no big deal , but it kinda bugged me , so I figured , I 'll pay $ 15 for a ding king if I can remove it.Now after using the ding king , I have a bump in my car that is visible from 20 feet away in the dark . It looks like an accident vehicle now . I have just filed a complaint with the better business bureau and I will talk to my attorney tomorrow .
 Ding King is a scam . I tried it around 10 times and it did n't work ! I do not want to say more . Just type Ding King in Google and you will find some articles about it . See them your self . -LSB- ... -RSB- Ding King is a scam and they should get prosecuted
 I 've got a small ding on a ridge line , I guess you 'd call it , of the car . It 's a place where the contour changes . So far I 've applied the glue and the smaller of the two buttons about a half dozen times , let it cool each time , and each time have achieve absolutely nothing . The glue does n't stick solidly enough to the plastic button puller . It breaks away before it pulls out the small depression . I kind of feel ripped off , but at least it was only for $ 15 . Could have been a lot worse .
 The glue did n't hold when pressure was applied with the dent puller . Had to return it .
 I was pulling my dad 's car out of the driveway on our very narrow city street . As I turned the car left , I made a glancing blow of my front left panel on the fender of another car -LRB- which , luckily , happened to be mine ! -RRB- A longish , not very deep dent , about 12 inches long and 3-5 inches wide , was the result . After getting several body shop estimates -- ranging from a high of $ 900 to a low of $ 250 -- I decided to give this product a try . I figured , at worst , I would be out $ 15 - $ 30 , right ? If the thing did n't work , I could still pay the darned auto body vultures , right ? I mean , at worst , I would lose a few hours of hassle and an extra $ 30 , right ? And maybe I would save several hundred bucks , right?Wrong.The thing mostly did n't work , and the amount of frustration this piece of junk caused was far more damaging than the original dent.OK , so I get the box in the mail . Contained inside is a glue gun , two solid black colored glue sticks , a metal U-shaped bracket about 5 inches long with two suction cups at each end of the `` U '' , two pieces which looked like flat plastic suction cups with a metal screw attached , another screw cap like thingy , a plastic scraper , a stick of solid plastic about 7 inches long and 1 1/2 in diameter which looked like a giant white crayon , and a small bottle of greenish liquid . Oh yeah , and an instruction sheet which looked like it had been photocopied on a 1963 mimeograph machine . All of this was tossed haphazardly into the box.OK , so the basic idea seemed pretty simple . You heat up glue in the glue gun , slather liquid glue onto one of the flat suction cups , attach the suction cup to your car in the center of the dent , so the screw is sticking out perpendicular to the car . Let glue dry . Then you get the U-bracket and put it over the suction cup screw , with the U upside down relative to the car and on the `` flat '' part of the car -LRB- over the dent , but not IN the dent . -RRB- Then you attach the screw cap to the suction cup and start screwing . The physics of thing starts pulling on the suction cup , and this is supposed to pull up the dent with it.Sounds simple , right?OK , so first time I do this , the front edge of the dent actually does pull back into place ! Wow ! I 'm impressed . That only leaves about 11 inches to go . However , when the suction cup pulls off , the glue stays stuck to your car ! -LRB- and occasionally on the suction cup . -RRB- You are supposed to remove the glue with the plastic scraper and the plastic pencil thingy . When that does n't work , you are supposed to use the green liquid.This turns out to be almost an impossibility.I start scraping the solid black glue with the plastic scraper . The glue starts to come off sort of , but mostly it just starts to mash the glue further on down the car , so there is now a long streak of black goo down the side of the car in addition to the dent . So now the car is not only dented , but looking like crap . OK , I figure , I 'll go chemical . So I open the green liquid -- which is only about 2 1/2 ounces , not much . Must be really powerful , I figure . It does STINK to high heaven , so it 's GOT to be powerful , right ? I pour the stuff directly on the car and start rubbing . This does seemingly NOTHING AT ALL to the glue ! I am now starting to panic . I pour more onto the car and starting rubbing like a madman . Whether it is the liquid or the friction of my rubbing , the glue starts to slowly come off . It takes about 15 minuted of rubbing to get about 80 % of the glue off . My wrists are sore like heck.Since the thing did work , sort of , I decide to try again . So I pick up the glue gun . Unfortunately , now I ca n't get a single drop of glue out of the glue gun ! Is it on ? Yes . Is the glue stick in there ? Yes . Why wo n't glue come out ? Who knows !!! I start manually pushing the glue stick into the gun , and even this is not working . After pushing really hard one time , I get about four drops of glue out . I switch glue sticks . This seems to fix the problem for the moment . I get glue . I set the whole apparatus up again , only this time , when the suction cup starts pulling on the dent , it just pops right off . No effect to the dent at all !! Or a second time.Or a third time.Or a fourth time.Or a fifth time . -LRB- And remember , after each of these times , there is glue to remove -- scrubbing and scrubbing and scrubbing , glue to coax out of the piece of crud glue gun , a mess and a disaster . -RRB- Then I realize that part of the problem is that the bracket is only 5 inches long . This means , if your dent is wider than about 3 inches , forget it . The bracket wo n't span the dent . That is , it wo n't work . So , if you have dent one inch wide , this might work wonders . But then again , if your dent is only one inch wide , one wonders why you would bother.After 4 1/2 hours of frustration -- oh , so much pain !!! -- I decided that $ 250 did n't sound so bad for the pros to do it.I give the product two stars , because it did shrink my dent about 11 % -- but also because I am such a tremendously generous guy , and because I am practically delirious from frustration and panic.Hey , it might work for you , who knows?But , I doubt it.Just goes to show what good marketing and infomercials can do for you even if your product is a piece of junk .
 The glue gave out way on the wingnut way before the dent could be pulled . I tried half a dozen times on two different dents . If there is any positive it is that the glue was easy to remove from my OEM paint job . I returned the product to the store . It was a complete waste of time ,
 I tried to pull two different hail damage dents -LRB- very shallow -RRB- 4 times and they did n't move . I am a body man , retired .
 Bought this on advice from a friend . Tried 5 times to remove a small dent . Did not work as advertised .
 Bought a set of these for my Jag XJS . They were purported to be custom cut but they do not fit the foot well and have to have folds along the edges and are not fitted like originals are.Trying to make contact to anyone that cares or could do anything is impossible.Will be returning these and will get a proper set.I wonder if any other vehicles have the same issues , but seems that for my Jag , their template was off .
 Ordered top for 98 Jeep wrangler and received top for 95 model . I put the correct make and model into their form and thought I was getting the right one . The process selected the wrong model number which they delivered . The process should not have let me order a top for a vehicle different from the one that I selected . Amazon quickly delivered the top and made arrangements with UPS to pick it up the next day .
 This stuff does n't hold up to heat better than any other Loctite I have used . I 've had Blue Loctite that held up as well . Doe n't waste you money .
 I returned this product due to workmanship . Sized wrong , stiching imperfect and leather had several noticeable places on it . I did receive a refurnd after a couple of weeks . I do n't think this was a new item . maybe a previous return .
 I bought this jacket a couple of years ago , and loved the style ! I was so excited for about the first month , until the leather started falling apart . Shoty stitch-work , showed abrasions and wore out quickly !! Just wore the jacket for casual wear , this should not of happened!Would not recommend this jacket to anyone .
 This is for the two sway bar bushings ONLY . Not what 's pictured . End links are NOT included with this purchase !
 this push button was warrantied for 90 days.after about 100 days , it broke with very light use.too much plastic and cheap metal contacts make this push button switch extremely extremely light duty .
 I was disgusted when I installed this product . I paid 20 dollars for something so cheap?I have gone through two of them in a 2 years in a car that has gone 400 miles at best!You have to push the button so hard to get it to work , and in doing so are obviously damaging the weak internal parts . Also its so cheap looking -LRB- not that many things arent these days -RRB- but definitely dont buy this to use with a car with a nice interior . I rebuilt the switch inside mine and textured the exterior and it looks much better.If your gon na spend this much on a switch dont buy this one .
 I was not pleased with the quality of this product . There were several places of broken stitches in the seam around the perimeter of the cover sew . Not highly recommended .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 I bought this steering damper for my '02 F350 Powerstroke . This was the recommended replacement for my truck according to Amazon and the manufacturer website ; however , it did not fit properly . The included hardware was not correct and the cylinder would n't fit properly . I would NOT recommend this product . I bought the Moog sway bar links as well and they worked perfectly ... the steering damper was a different story .
 I brought this product in hopes of puting a unique finish on my bicycle helmet.Following the package instructions , I have what I would call a metal flake finish under a clear coat shine , but with no color shift at all . OK , at just the right angle , with the sun over my shoulder , I can see just a hint of a halo of color shift . Totally worthless.Is it just me or is it somewhat unusual that most of the user photos posted are exactly the images from the product packaging ? Could those users possibly be Company shills ?
 The product Mirage Color Shifting Paint Ice Kit was not like the picture shown . When used it came out Gray with a little bit of color in it . The picture shows something diffirent . I would NOT buy this product if I had known this . I have also bought the Red/Blue kit and that was great
 I could have made these my self ! the back side of the holes were burred up and needed to be counter sunk . the gas and brake pedal 's do not have the correct shape to fit the car . -LRB- no curve to match the car peddle curves -RRB- and on top of all that , they were missing half of the rubber plugs that go in the holes . CHEAP CRAP !!!!!
 i ordered a part that should fit in my car but what i received was a wrong part , how can i be able to use this part for my car now considering that i ordered this from outside the US , next time be accurate to the parts you are sending , i just wasted my money .
 mounted , plugged in , it worked the first moment the motor turned.not dissapointed in this product so far . . seems to be ok
 I bouth this product and after a month I try to instal but was wrong I call this company but they say sorry for you 30 day only and no even swap I told them this was the wrong part and they say was my faut for not check on that ; after they took almost 2 weeks to arrive and I explain this to them but the best offer was 20 % restocking fee if I wanted , I guest costumer service is not that important .
 The part that I have received is not the part I have ordered , the one I ordered was for 2004 GTO and the one I received was for 2005 , had to give it to a friend .
 I ordered this sensor as advertised for new , but a received what appeared to be used one shipped from some local user/seller . There was some kind of gray grease on the thread . The color of the nut and the body was brownish not stainless steel color . The tip appeared to be oxidized with bronze color . Very disappointed .
 The blade on this product was stiff and I refrain from using it . I do not want to chance scratching my black truck
 Did n't like this item at all . When I used it to clean my shower doors , it made so much noise , the sound traveled thru the entire house . Besides being heavy and awkward , it did n't clean the water off very well . So , I thought I 'd use it on my windows . Well , that did n't work either ... so I ultimately returned it for a refund , but had to pay the shipping .
 I bought this for my husband for x-mas . He used it once and never has again . It did not wipe the water away well enough to warrent using it instead of a towel/shammy -LRB- sp ? -RRB- There were lots of water spots left on the truck . He had to go behind and dry it off again - which defeats the whole purpose .
 Well I got to say Amazon performed flawlessly , but the product itself sux I find that you really have to bare down way to hard to get it to squeegee water I 'll never use it .
 I tried this product and it does not get all the water off . It streaks .
 The 2nd release mechanism is BENEATH the strap , so when you have a load strapped down its almost impossible to disengage 2nd trigger !!!! This is why i think the price is so low ! They GET YOU on the eye bolts though !!! 2 for well over $ 20.00 ... WHAT A RIP OFF !!!
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 the great look did n't last long . within 2 weeks one of the buckles fell off . -LRB- had to fix that -RRB- then after getting caught in a rain storm on the motorcycle the studs on it began to rust ! then the bag lost its shape and i had to screw a board into the bottom to help maintain its shape . overall not a great bag .
 This design may or may not be reliable . . My mechanic installed one and my car kept overheating . I can not be sure , short of doing a stovetop boiling test , that the thermostat opened properly . There is a chance the mechanic installed it upside down . The design of the thermostat lends itself to such a possible error . `` Murray '' thermostat may be a safer choice , as if it gets stuck , it sticks in the OPEN position only . I switched to one and now my car runs great .
 NEVER buy ANY tow chain that is only 5/16 . A 5/16 chain has a working load limit -LRB- aka breaking point -RRB- of about 4,000 lbs.That is the empty weight of the AVERAGE car in the United States.ANY chain designed to pull or tow a car should be a MINIMUM of 3/8 in diameter .3 / 8 inch chain has a Working Load Limit of 6000 lbs - adequate for towing any car or truck.Buying a lesser chain is a safety risk - and when a chain breaks under this much strain , it can cause major physical damage to either vehicle , or loss of life / limb.Those figures are true with good quality American steel . If it is made in China , Japan , or other countries where the metallurgy is not as advanced - who knows ? I would expect them to be of lesser quality and greater chance of breaking.I do n't care if it says tow chain written all over it , and is painted highway traffic cone orange . If it is n't a 3/8 inch chain - you might be able to tow an ATV out of the mud - but NEVER tow a car with it !
 What a bunch of Bull . . I saw so many positive reviews and ordered a set for my car , since everyone online said it was `` Custom fit '' to their car.I received a VERY VERY Universal Square / Rectangle set , that does n't even fit , -LRB- one is too long , one is too wide and too short -RRB- and when I wanted to return them because I felt so deceived that it was Not made for My car , they said , `` oh it requires trimming '' . -LRB- Why even Bother asking us what make and model our car is , right ?! -RRB- It is Completely ridiculous how expensive these mats are , and you still have to `` Cut '' them . And what does n't make sense to me , is that if I cut them , then it loses the `` barrier edge '' which is supposed to hold the stuff in , else dirt and liquids will just run off the sides making the mats COMPLETELY USELESS !!! Even with trimming it wont fit , and I feel so unsafe using them as the driver-side mats .
 Be very careful with these mats . I bought them form our GMC Yukon XL and they do NOT fit . They are misrepresented on the website and when I tried to cut them on the score lines to make the rear mats fit , they do not fit . I called customer service and they said to cut even more of the mat to make them fit in the middle , but this leaves several inches uncovered near the doors . Not satisfied , I attempted to return them and they will not since they have been slightly used and cut . Customer service had no sympathy and kept quoting that the mats are `` approximate '' and `` universal '' sizes , even thought it pulled up this specific mat form my make and model . They were unaccomodating and couldnt have cared less that it did not work for me . Front mats also move around on the carpet even though their wesite says they will not . Would definately NOT recommend this product .
 I saw the TV commercial for WeatherTech floor mats and was intrigued by the `` custom fit to your vehicle '' claims they made . I went to their website and ordered what was supposed to be mats for my 2004 Lexus IS300 . I paid nearly $ 100 and basically received a universal set of rubber mats that had to be cut-down with scissors to barely fit in my car . Even after all the cutting , they still did n't fit quite right . The worst part was that last night , my accelerator pedal got caught under the mat lip and was stuck in the floored position . I was going 60mph in a 25mph zone . I quickly had to throw the car into neutral , slam on my brakes and reach down to dislodge the pedal from the mat . Had I not done this , I could have seriously injured myself or others . These mats are coming out of my car immediately and I will never order from their site again . Not only do I feel ripped-off by their deceptive advertising , but they also just put my life in danger .
 It is not custom made . WeatherTech says the same item fits several cars . I wanted to buy the front ones too but no , it is not available . I wish WeatherTech made floormats for all cars ... and Amazon carried these ...
 I ordered floor mats for the front and back for a 2002 corolla . I rceived mats for a Acura . Contacted the company and was e-mailed a return label . I sent back the front and rear mats . Was only credited for the front set . Again I contacted the company and advised them that I was still owed some money . STILL WAITING HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM THE PRICE PROS
 I have seen these things advertised for 40 years and never bought one until my teenage son had to have one . That was a lapse in judgment on my part ! The cast iron is well done , but that is where this toy stops . The lightweight flapper does not and can not seal . You can see lots of daylight through it . The cable was binding from the moment we took the toy out of the box . Instructions say to secure the cable at both ends . Good luck with that ! There is a nut on the pull knob end that will work fine , but there was nothing to secure the other end of the cable to the underside of the vehicle . The flapper relies completely on the strength of the cable to hold it shut . There is no gasket material at all on the pivot for the flapper . It 's just a hole in both sides of the cast iron . This would make a fine whistle . You do n't have to be a rocket scientist to know that the minute you install this toy it will have a sharp sounding exhaust leak . That is best described as an annoying tick -- the same sound you get from broken header bolts or the famous worn out doughnut gasket . This toy has failure written on it from the word go . If you want a stealth cut-out , you 'll have to go with the old fashioned Y pipe and bolt on cap . Do not buy the Mr. Gasket 5424 Cut-Out . My trusted exhaust shop owner tried to talk me out of it . I went so far as to buy one just to see how it works . It 's a toy . Thanks to Amazon for taking it back . I would n't use this tripe on a tractor I did n't like .
 I ca n't believe the quality of this product not only did it break it leaked from the get go , the flap that actually diverts the exhaust blew out on me on the freeway no more then 2 weeks after install same happened to a friend who had his installed when I ordered mine .
 This Merchant misrepresented what they were selling . I purchased the set of mats with the expectation that it would include all four mats - front and rear . The advertisement clearly indicated such and even had a picture of the rear mats.When I recieved only the front mats , I contacted the seller , who was defensive and told me that I simply needed to purchase the rear mats separately . They gave no explanation as to why they were advertising all four , yet not shipping them.BEWARE
 I recently ordered a full set of tan WeatherTech All-Weather floor mats for my 2004 Subaru Outback . The front mats -LRB- if not front and rear -RRB- are supposedly a custom fit.When these arrived , the front ones were not even close to a fit . They were the wrong shape , too big , and the driver 's side retaining hole did n't align even closely to the vehicle 's retaining `` peg '' . I 've now sent 2 e-mails to WeatherTech 's -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- Customer Service department , even enclosing photographs of the OEM carpet mats and the Weathertech ones , clearly showing that they do n't fit . No response to either e-mail in three weeks . I even called them , but was told I could return them if I paid the $ 40 UPS ground charge . Seems wrong to me to expect the customer to pay to return mats that are n't even close to a fit.David McNeil -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- has been in many of the auto magazines recently -LRB- Jan 2010 -RRB- saying how much he and his company support American jobs and American suppliers . I 've sent him e-mail twice now , and he has n't had the courtesy to respond . So , apparently he proclaims to support American jobs and suppliers , but not his company 's American customers.Based upon my experience , I can not recommend these WeatherTech All-Weather mats to anyone .
 Mr. David MacNeil , President/CEOMacNeil Automotive Products2435 Wisconsin Ave.Downers Grove , Illinois 60515Dear Mr. MacNeil , For 10 years I have been a faithful customer of your floor mats , cargo liners , bug deflectors and window visors . Though at premium prices , I appreciated the fact most were produced in the USA and always fit perfectly . Following the purchase of my wife 's new 2010 Toyota Corolla -LRB- Automatic -RRB- last weekend , I was excited to place an over $ 400 order for accessories with your firm to equip her new car.Today I received part of my order . The cargo liner was not received and the passenger side floormat was a total mismatch . Following 2 calls to your customer service department -LRB- same lady -RRB- with extended waits each time I am very upset with my order and your firm . The first call was related to non-receipt of the floorliner ; I was told of a backlog to get those and was willing to wait another week or so for shipment . The second call I made when attempting to install your floormats , given the passenger side floormat was not even close to a fit and would have to be folded -LRB- safety hazard -RRB- or cut -LRB- why pay BIG$ for something that is supposed to fit perfectly , WAL * MART $ 8 FITS BETTER ! -RRB- . I advised the rep the floormat had a different part number molded in than was on the order form and provided the number on the mat . I was told by your representative your firm knew that the floormat did not fit , and `` that 's the best we will do , we are not changing them again '' I was also told the floorliners were a possible substitute but then was told by the rep they will not fit the 2010 Corolla EITHER . I advised I had lost confidence in your firm by your act of knowingly shipping me floor mats that would not fit especially for one of the worlds best selling cars ! . Your representative became exceptionally rude and totally unresponsive at that point and refused to take any action or even respond to me on the call and said I was responsible for any return shipping . The CS rep then terminated the call , My advice is to TERMINATE a customer service rep that would treat a customer this way and NEVER ship a part that your firm knows WILL NOT FIT unless the customer requests it .
 I agree with -LSB- ... -RSB- . I ordered floor mats for my Honda Civic -LRB- a super common car -RRB- and they 're not even close to form fitted ! They are shaped like they were designed to fit a totally different car . I called customer service , which was no easy job , and they were not helpful at all . They confirmed I did have the right mat number for my car , but when I repeatedly said these mats are n't even close , they could n't care less . So now I am stuck eating the shipping both ways , basically it doesnt ' even pay to return them.When looking at the website , they make it look like the mats are perfectly fit for the car . What a farce.Based on how I have been treated , all I can say is DO NOT BUY FROM WEATHERTECH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Baffles make such a little dif in the sound they are a waste of money . See my review on short shots .
 Click one of these links to see MANY MANY people who talk about how shitty vance and hines treats you when you call for help with thier crap product . welds to the heat shields break on ALL MODELS . DO NOT BUY VANCE AND HINES , if it was cheaper , it would be worth it , but its WAY WAY overpriced for something that will break in a year or so , and not be replaced by them ! see the email they sent me belwo as well.dear customer , I just heard back from warranty and unfortunately we are not going to be able to replace the shield under warranty . The purchase date is just too far outside of the warranty period -LRB- 15 months -RRB- . I did run this by my boss Eddie and he ok ` ed for me to offer the shield for a discounted price of $ 115.00 + freight as opposed to the $ 152.03 . If you would like to get the shield for the $ 115 just let me know.All of our exhaust systems are warranted against defects in material and/or workmanship for a period of 90 days . This does not cover finishes such as plating , or painted surfaces with discoloration or rust . This warranty shall be limited to the repair or replacement of the system , which may be proven defective under normal use . We will not warranty any system that has been abused , misused , improperly installed , or modified . -- Thank you , Steve Darrow | Hi , I bought your Short Shot exhaust system about a year and a half ago -LRB- you can find the receipt below -RRB- . I was on the freeway the other day and heard a noise , looked back to see my front cylinder heat shield from my short shot exhaust system had fallen off . When I pulled over , to my surprise , all the hose clamps were still clamped down good , and all the brackets had broken off at the weld ! I have pictures . To me it looked like the welds were bad , or not the correct type of weld for this type of application -LRB- high vibration -RRB- . I called and spoke with Mr. Steve Darrow , and he told me that he can not replace my heat shield since it was already past the standard 12 month warranty . Despite not being under warranty , I think you guys should replace the heat sheild because it was obviously defective , due to the bad welds . It was suggested to me by Steve , that the reason the heat shield fell off , was due to over tightening the hose clamps . I spoke with a couple other mechanics and engineers whom I work with , and we all came to the conclusion that even if the hose clamp was too tight , it should n't have transferred the tension to the welds , and any tension to the welds should withstand normal vibration of a Harley motorcycle . Then he mentioned something about heat having to something to do with them breaking too , so I was really confused by his suggestions and how they were my fault?I installed the pipes myself and I did so correctly . I tightened the hose clamps with a screw driver and a torque wrench to ensure a proper fit . I feel like i should not have been blamed for this in the first place , and I also feel like your customer service should have a better understanding of how your products work , and why they would break . I certainly do not think that blaming the customer is the correct course of action , even if you can not do anything to rectify the situation . I would think with your reputation on the line , a single heat shield might be worth saving that . Regardless i will pass along my story to all my bike friends . currently I have a pile of scrap metal that is useless . the pipes look like hell with out the heat shields , and the heat shields were made so poorly they did n't even last 2 thousand miles . It really is pretty pathetic . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I had a shop install one of these in my 99 Honda CIVIC , that only lasted 3 yrs , and only cost $ 86 less than a brand new one from Honda that lasted 9yrs . Brand new OEM is $ 282 from my local Honda dealer . I do n't expect the aftermarket part to last as long as the OEM , five years would have been acceptable , but only 3rys tells me these are not built or tested very well .
 Mats arrived and were not even close to what was pictured in the ad . To top it off they did not fit my vehicle , but had groves that I could trim to supposedly help them get closer to fitting . I expected a lot more from this company .
 I had ordered WeatherTech mats for my front and those were so amazing , I 'm really disappointed about the back seat ones . I think most people should know that WeatherTech does n't really have unique mats for EACH vehicle . They have a wide assortment that work in multiple vehicles . This is even more true for back seat , these are more of a universal mat that a custom mat.Quality : These are heavy and heavy duty . They appear to be the same quality as the front mats . They are thick and certainly would hold a lot of water.Fit : I have a 2011 Acadia SLT -LRB- with captain 's seats -RRB- and my biggest issue with these are the fact they are two pieces . It states that they should stay connected but really , the tabs that use to overlay it are a joke . They split very easily and I find myself adjusting them all the time.Overall I should have probably shopped around for a single mat for the back , not a split one . The quality is great , but for my vehicle , the design is just not working out . For the price , just a little let down .
 The covers on the seats look good and are adequate . They covered the seat wear and look good . The headreast covers were too small . The solid colored covers for the console and seat , under the console , look `` cheap '' and I opted not to use them . The stitching on the tightner on the passenger seat came unstitched during application . Overall these seat covers were a disappointment . The saying you get what you pay for certainly applies to this purchase .
 I really like that you do n't have to use a key to get it to lock on . It just ratchets closed . It remains to be seen if the rubber coating will break down like it did on my previous Kryptonite lock . It does take a little extra time to get it to fit over a tire , frame and bike rack , so I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars . Usually I am in a hurry and just slap it on the rack and frame since I do n't have quick release tires . UPDATE
 The covers on the seats look good and are adequate . They covered the seat wear and look good . The headreast covers were too small . The solid colored covers for the console and seat , under the console , look `` cheap '' and I opted not to use them . The stitching on the tightner on the passenger seat came unstitched during application . Overall these seat covers were a disappointment . The saying you get what you pay for certainly applies to this purchase .
 This part was used on an 04 Explorer XLT 6 cylinder.The part itself is an exact match to what it replaces , the problem and reason for only 2 stars is it does n't come with the required O-ring for the temperature sensor that sits on top . When you replace this part you have to remove a temperature sensor that is held in place with a metal clip and seated with an O-ring . This part does not come with that O-ring and the one that was currently on my temp sensor would not seat well in the new housings so when you started the engine , coolant went everywhere.I actually purchased another housing from O'Rielys and it came with the proper O-ring for the sensor . I took that O-ring to Home Depot and matched it with a Danco # 8 O-Ring for a faucet . The # 8 was a little larger but fit correctly in the housing and I 've been running it for about 2 months with no issues or leaking . This way I could return the housing I purchased form O'Rielys because the Motorcraft one on Amazon was less expensive.The part itself is fine and if your 're going to replace the sensor as well I believe -LRB- but do n't know for sure -RRB- that it comes with a new O-ring . My sensor was working properly so no need to spend the $ 60 to replace it when $ 2 in faucet O-rings will fix the problem .
 I boutgh this item moth ago and allready demage . I wont buy anymore from amazon . I spend almost 80 $ and it is not working anymore . And I can not get my money back or nothing . I hope u guys get lucky selling
 I ordered this item using my friend 's amazon account because that time I do n't have an account here . When the item arrived , I 've noticed that it has a lot of dust on it and it 's dirty especially the plastic package that comes with it . It seems its not brand new as what it was advertised here . Also , the velco of this in the arms separated from each other after a few times of wearing while I 'm checking its fit .
 I used this to make some custom gaskets that are not available from the manufacturer and they did not last . They dried up/cracked and fell apart . This was between the turbo/ex manifold and also the discharge flange and exhaust .
 I was hoping to find this item with either a lower price for its torque or higher torque for its price .
 I got this for my 1998 Nissan Pathfinder . The resistor part itself and the base fit into the blower housing , but the connector is just slightly too thick and will not plug in to the OEM harness . I have another one on order from my local Autozone , but I will probably run into the same problem and end up getting it from nissan .
 Bought these pads for my truck . But was sent something that dont fit . ??????? Replacement ?? Na , it will probably happen again . So I guess I will put them on ebay , once I figure out what they fit . Oh what fun !!!!!! < ... >
 the front of this flaps when you are driving , and it as tight as we can get it , it is even starting to rip .
 These are a really good idea , but they keep the mirror from folding in . The first trip through the car wash after installation caused one to pop off and be lost . Neat idea , poor execution .
 the top was cracked but it still works . The bolt that goes through the top must have been over tightened in testing since the crack is right where the anchor for the threading is .
 Would not waste my time on this . I have decided to go for the EZ Red Hydrometer from now on -LRB- I have purchased quite a few EZ Reds since then -RRB- . The glass broke because a small pebble accidentally fell on it . Way too fragile for my liking . And it does not ` suck up ' like the EZ Red . It still works though . Please do not get me wrong .
 I am very disappointed in the seat cover that I received for Christmas ! First of all , there was only one seat cover in the box -LRB- not two -RRB- . I have an '03 Dodge Neon and the cover did not fit very well . It sagged because there was too much material . Then , when I sat on the seat for the first time , the material ripped ! The seams are not reinforced at all . Because of the type of material it 's made of , it can not be repaired ! My mother is a seamstress and she said that this seat cover was `` cheaply made . ''
 Very cheaply made , junk tears at all the sew seams . . Junk Please save some money and DO NOT BUY !!!!
 I purchased this starter not hardly 2 months ago and the electrical wiring burn up in it . Had it replaced with an AC-Delco by GMC , -LRB- although high cost , should have went this route anyway -RRB- the dealership say 's it is guaranteed 12mo . or 12,000 miles . Much better Warranty ! This starter is garbage . I had it used for the $ 45.00 Core charge . Was not worth sending back !
 First clutch kit was completely wrong application . Returned it . I talked directly to supplier and ordered another clutch kit . I again talked to supplier because the second clutch cover needed to be machined to work . The clutch disc could n't be modified so it could n't be used so I used a disc I had.Now the clutch works . The supplier was very helpful and knowledgeable . The problem is the clutch set just was not the right one for my application . I would use the supplier again .
 Well , it 's a half helmet with only a DOT rating . Not much to it . I would n't bother if I were you . Basically , you get what you pay for with a helmet - and there 's too much at stake to go cheap .
 Two months later it 's dead as a doornail . Only buy this if you 're getting by for a couple of months before you can afford a quality jumpbox .
 I suppose if you 're going to put this on your bicycle , you 're either a self-loathing blonde who has bought into this cultural `` joke , '' or someone who digs cheap , stupid humor . Or maybe you 're so anti-PC that you want to show off your ugly side , forgetting that `` PC '' is often just a term for courtesy and respect . It 's not original , it 's not new , and probably the only people who will appreciate it are those who already have this sticker on their bumper . You two can give each other knowing winks on the freeway . Freedom of speech is good , but I 'm glad there 's only so much room on a bumper sticker .
 I intend no disrespect to the other two users who posted positive reviews about this part but their comments should be completely disregarded . I too , would have posted a positive review in the days immediately following the installation of this mount but I chose to wait and comment on their long-term reliability . -LRB- if you DO decide to purchase one of these Anchor mounts , wait about 4-6 months to review it!The original Ford mount on my girlfriend 's Ford Focus failed in February of 2009 . -LRB- @ 10-years-old & 140,000 miles -RRB- The part cost about $ 120 at the Ford dealership and this Anchor piece was about $ 40 at a local auto parts retailer . At 1/3 the price , I chose the Anchor mount . It was a decision I would regret . The Anchor # 3003 mount failed less than 4 months later in June of 2009 . The mount had a lifetime warranty from the retailer that I purchased it at so , in June of 2009 , I installed another Anchor # 3003 . The second mount failed a little over 5 months later ! They may have been `` free '' to replace but I was really growing tired of having to install them every 4 months . -LRB- After a thorough search on the internet , I found out too late that there are many , many complaints about the quality of Anchor 's mounts . -RRB- I finally got a refund for the defective part and went to the Ford dealership and forked over $ 118 for the OEM part . The Ford mount has been holding strong for a year and a half.There was a time when Anchor was a trusted brand but since their decision to have their mounts built in Taiwan , they are GARBAGE ! I will never purchase the Anchor brand again . This was definitely a case where paying dealership prices was actually worth it ! It 's just a shame there was n't a reliable aftermarket option at my local parts stores.I 'd give the Anchor 3003 a ZERO Star rating if it 'd let me .
 I bought this product last year and installed it myself in my Ford Focus 2000 SE . The noise in the cabin changed dramatically - very quiet . It felt like I was in a new car . However , about 3 months later , the cabin noise increased a bit . I thought the problem was with the motor mount but it turned out to be that the driver side motor mount needs to be changed too . You can tell by the shaking of the driver side mirror . I had the belt changed which required the removal of the motor mount . After the re-installation of the motor mount , the cabin noise became very quiet again , the same as when the motor mount was first installed . I ordered the driver side motor mount and will install it later.For the price , this product is worth it.The problem I encountered with the order was that Amazon Part Finder does not have the 2000 Ford Focus SE DOHC -LRB- Dual Over Head Cam -RRB- listed . So I ordered the mount for the SOHC -LRB- Single Over Head Cam -RRB- instead and it did not fit . I ordered the 2001 Ford Focus SE DOHC version and it fit . Before ordering any parts on Amazon.com make sure you know what type of vehicle overhead cam you have ... DOHC or SOHC . You can also take look at the motor mount in your car and make sure it matches the picture on Amazon . ************************* This is a followup review ... DATE = 9/19/2011The motor mount broke at the top within a few months of purchase . I had to use a special glue with rubber inserts to hold it in place - so far it has held up . In addition , it has caused the driver-side rear -LRB- Anchor -RRB- mount to break several times because the broken mount cause a misalignment with the chassis . I agree with the 1 -LRB- zero -RRB- star review that it is best to buy the OEM product .
 Count me in . These Anchor mount has quality issues . I was researching on premature failure of these mounts which I installed 4 months back on my Ford Focus ZTS and just like others who has commented here on Amazon the Anchor mount which I bought from a local parts store failed again . It had `` limited lifetime '' warranty and local parts store generally will replace it as long you have saved the receipt but the hassle of removing the defective mount and re-installing the new one is not worth it.Initially I was drawn to this item due to it 's low price . But trust me it is not worth the effort to keep changing these once every 3-4 months . The engine vibration does come back and you will find the mount is no longer useful . This time I wanted to see what is up with this part and visited few local stores who carries these parts and the local parts store 's inventory the mount looks even more poorly made in Thailand and you would not trust this part anymore . The holes are not round , there is very poor machining and the rubber is soft and has all kinds of tale tell signs of poor quality and workmanship . Anchor used to make excellent quality products for over many generations and probably still do but this particular mount has serious quality control issues.Please take my advice and buy OEM which is less than $ 120 and will work considerably longer as the build quality of the OEM part is much better.Manufacturer
 Installed this ANCHOR mount on my 2000 Ford Focus . It lasted one month and my car started vibrating . It took a few more months to figure out this mount was the cause of the vibration . I broke down and purchased the Ford OEM part from tousleyfordparts online Part Number YS4Z-6038-BA MADE IN USA Front insulator Manual TRANS , 2.0 liter , DOHC Price
 I replaced all 3 engine mounts on my mother 's 2001 Focus and they all failed within 3 months . This mount caved in on itself and caused vibrations to return . I generally buy aftermarket parts because they are similar quality to OEM and much cheaper , but this is one scenario where you need to go OEM .
 This cross reference for this item said it would fit my 2001 F-150 . IT DID NOT FIT . I do n't know if it was Amazon or the manufacturer . I return it for a refund .
 Yes , you get what you pay for . These mirrors are the epitome of cheap , but they do indeed look like the photo and make a reflection . If you want something cheap to fill the hole , these will do the trick . if you want to actually use them , I 'd suggest looking elsewhere.Pros : CheapCons : NOT Heated - The description says it 's a power , heated , folding mirror . It is indeed folding , and power adjusted , but it 's NOT a heated mirror . Bummed at Amazon 's lack of accuracy here.Plastic reflective surface - these mirrors are n't glass , they 're cheap plastic surface , which is n't flat and causes the reflections to be badly distorted as described below . After a week in the sun , the `` glass '' had already started crazing , especially near the bends and wrinkles in the surface.Distorted - These mirrors badly distort any image you see in them , they 're too convex to give any sort of accuracy when parking or in traffic -LRB- even the flat drivers side mirror -RRB- , and are n't consistent in their image , that is they 're more convex in some areas than others , which causes some portions to be more distorted than others - particularly a 1/2 '' ring around the rim of each mirror.Shake - These mirrors are loose at the hinged portion where they fold , and the mirror surface is loosely attached to the mirror bucket , which causes them to shake at all times , particularly when the engine is running , the car is moving , or there 's any sort of wind . They even shake when parked in the driveway and the wind hits them . Going down the highway they vibrate mercilessly from the combination of the above plus road imperfections and are nearly useless when driving except to see blurry images.Poor build quality - Aside from the issues above , the motors sound/feel gritty and do n't feel like they 'll last through much adjustment at all . The seams in the plastic forms are pronounced , and very obviously unfinished . The mounting studs set in the plastic frame started pulling out after a week on the road , and had to be glued back in.Because I had to install these to see all that was wrong with them , Amazon will not give a refund ... thus they 'll be for sale very soon on Craigslist .
 I ordered what was advertised as a header gasket SET . The product description on the web page specifically stated
 I bought this mirror to replace one damaged in an accident . The body shop installed it . When you drove down the road the image of the car behind you wiggled , the shop told me it was a terrible mirror and most aftermarket mirrors were bad.I was sent a replacement mirror , this one distorted the image of the car behind me , made the car wider than it really was . I bought a used mirror from a wrecking yard , problem solved . Just out of curiosity I weighed the K-Scource mirror 3 # , the used one 3 3/4 # the original equipment had more & better things inside , that 's why it works!Bottom line
 it was just way to small for the long windsheild on my nissan armada . . It would have been perfict if it was like 8 inches wide
 Most of the other reviews have covered the flaw in this unit very well . Long story short , the case looks very sexy -LRB- black rubber and silver color go well together -RRB- , it is definitely a hard case that will protect your LifeDrive very well.The case opens from the front and like a book to the left and the hinge allows the user to wrap the `` lid '' around the back of the unit . Fits very well . The only problem is that the case can easily injure its owner.Opens by prying your thumbnail and using your nail to pop open the front lid . If you have nails of normal length -LRB- males -RRB- , be prepared to get a sore thumb very quickly . If you have no nails at all or are a biter , forget about it . You will have difficulty opening the case.My guess is that the market will see a second iteration of this case within six months that corrects the design problem . It is usable . But after a while it feels like someone 's torturing you by pushing a sliver of bamboo between your thumbnail and flesh.If you enjoy this feeling and like a sexy look , then this case is a MUST for you . All others should wait a few months to see if they correct the BT Flaw -LRB- Bamboo Torture -RRB- . And while you 're waiting for a new hard case to come out , you may wish to consider moving to a Tungsten T5 rather than a LifeDrive . Many , many users have had problems with the LifeDrive -LRB- see Amazon.com product reviews -RRB- . I ended up returning mine to the store and traded down to a Tungsten T5 and have been quite happy with it once setup.Alternatively , the OS 6 Palm units are likely to emerge in Q1 or Q2 of 2006 , so you may want to wait a few months for the OS 6 units . Hope this helps !
 I do n't think the designers at Palm were awake when they designed this case . I 'll have to wait for an alternative to come out , as the case that came with the Palm invites static and the leather case does not work well . I am willing to put up with a bit of difficulty to have a secure case , but this is ridiculous - we 've cut our fingers , dropped the LifeDrive - it 's not worth it . Save yourselves the trouble and just do n't buy this .
 i used to have a T3 and an aluminum case for that . it was perfect . when i bought my lifedrive and the hard case for it , i spent hours to solve how to open the case when my palm is in . now i see i am not the only person . so bad , i dont know what to do with it now . the leather case coming with the Lifedrive is quite nice and useful . no need to buy anything else .
 My first disappointment with Palm product . I am loyal Palm customer . I am hugely disappointed with the Hard case because as said it is almost impossible to open it . Secondly not worth to buy it.One word ... Do n't waste your money . . Not even one star !
 the case is very attractive since it 's made out of alumminun and rubber , but ... . to open the case is were the nighmare comes true , technically it will ripp your nail off .
 i 've had this case for more than a month now and never figured out how to open it without using a card or a pen to slide under the front cover to open it . finally , i decided to break one of the 2 the small parts on the front cover edge that slides under the oposite side to secure it close , and guess what , it finally can open it easily .
 While this case does protect my new lifedrive well , it unfortunately is extremely hard to open each time I want to use it ! This attribute makes it extremely annoying to use . So , it might just be easier to buy a case from another manugfacturer , or use one of the leather casings , which I am sure would work just fine .
 I purchased this item for my PALM PDA . What a waste of money . My Palm Tungsten would not fit . Probably my fault for throwing away the packaging before actually trying it out . I bought a new tungsten and the case , but the case arrived first . I opened the package and tossed the container . After all , both items I bought were from Palm . That was my first mistake . Now I 'm stuck with a case I can not use.Thanks Palm !!!
 I have titled this the cutting edge for a specific reason . I cut my finger trying to open the case . This has got to be a major flaw which PalmOne designers totally missed . The case itself is nice , has a rubber edge for protection as well as on the back . The hinged aluminum cover is where the problems begin . You need a finger nail in order to open the snap of the case . The edge is sharp and if you happen to slide your fingernail against the edge of the case , you can expect to get cut which is what happened to me . The price of the case does not warrant the design flaws and it is way too expensive considering that the Life Drive already costs an arm and a leg . I hope that PalmOne will take a look at this case and make improvements for functionality and safety .
 I recently received a Palm LifeDrive with this hard case . I knew I wanted a hard case after having an excellent Palm hard case for my T2 . So , I bought the case at the same time as the LifeDrive.I really like the LifeDrive . I really do not like the hard case.I ended up with the leather case from Palm and that works fine.The hard case is very difficult to open and probably does not even protect the PDA as well as the leather case.Stay away from this hard case .
 I like the way the case looks and yes it does protect your lifedrive especially with the black rubber back , but it also protects the Lifedrive from YOU ! This is almost impossible to open , after much practice I am now able to open the case maybe on the 5th try , at times I even give up and just take the lifedrive out of the case and use it . Unfortunaetly there are not many accessories for the lifedrive yet so although I hate the case and it increases my stress level I am still using it.Palm was not thinking when they made the lifedrive since the speakers are in the back of the devive and are shielded by any case you are to get . Good luck !
 I think the concept of the case is good-very protective . However , I found it next to impossible to open the case . It was very irritating and time-consuming .
 You open this hardcase by sliding your fingernail under the lip of the flap and pulling . It 's a hard pull . I have healthy , strong nails , and it broke one of mine . It also cut me under the fingernail.Other than that , it 's a nice design , but who cares ? The whole point of a PDA hard case is to use the PDA in the case so that it stays protected . The only way to use this case without wrecking your nails is to slide it out of the case every time you want to use it.I received it today . It 's going back today .
 I have to use a dime to pry open this case . Look at the `` catch '' on the door - it is uncoated aluminum and is designed to be opened like an old fashioned mint tin . It can be easily bent or pushed in and this could damage the glass surface . My husband can pry it open with some effort , but I ca n't . Further , when you pull the lifedrive out , the rubber coating leaves `` skid marks '' on the keys .
 This case is a piece of crap ... It is impossible to open ! I 'm serious . PalmOne definetly did not do any product research or testing on this item . I also cut myself with the razor sharp metal lid . My thumb is very sore from attempting to PRY the lid open . Like the other posts , you must use a toothpick or similar to pry it open . Do n't use anything metal to pry it open , as it will scatch the aluminum lid or whatever it is . I want a refund . This product should be labeled a safety hazard .
 picture shows 2 , I received 1 for 11.00 , could have gotten both for 10.00 local . my mistake I will check autozone first next time .
 THAT MOBIL ONE OIL SELLS FOR LESS THAN TEN BUCKS IN ALL MAJOR STORES , I NOW USE MOTUL MUCH BETTER OIL
 Dash cover was of pretty good quality but the fit for 95 Bonneville Pontiac was an awful fit . It needed to be at least one and 0ne half inches larger especially along the front edge . Sides were a short fit . Cut outs were fair fit . Sun can blister and crack exposed area . Back to the old towel to cover the dash .
 Does not fit right . loose and looks like it belongs on another car . I bought it using the guide lines for my car but its loose and flappy . I dont like it .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Does not fit right . loose and looks like it belongs on another car . I bought it using the guide lines for my car but its loose and flappy . I dont like it .
 Returning item for full refundTarpeez Soft Bed Cover -LRB- Long 8ft Bed -RRB- . The advertising of this product is misleading - the material is not durable whatsoever . Very shoddy material contstruction . The package sez , `` 100 % money back guaranteed ! IMPROVED WITH RIPSTOP . '' Let me tell you , there was n't anything stopping this tarp from ripping ; it 's about as durable as a piece of Charmin toilet tissue . The tarp itself was n't made for trucks ; the pretty girls sure help in selling the product on the Tarpeez website , but it could n't even withstand covering a simple load of camping gear . After an hour an a half on the road , the tarp in a few spots looked like a frag grenade went off in the back of my pickup truck . The R&D ; department at Tarpeez needs to come up with a real `` new and improved '' tarp built for trucks and not this crappy material the same consistency as my wife 's pajamas . From a `` truck guy , '' I thought this product would be worth it 's weight in gold , but I must say this was by far the worst purchase I 've made in the past calendar year . Maybe I fell for the girls on the advertising .
 Wrong picture , poor description , waste of money .3211 is for steel cased guages , the part number pictured is 3220 . Thanks for wasting my time and money
 This is not an `` exact OEM fit '' , at least not for my Ford Bronco II it is n't . The orientation of the locator pins on the connectors is the mirror image of where they ought to be . I 'm either going to have to butcher the Bronco 's wiring connectors or return the kit . The latter seems more preferable to me .
 This was not true to size at all . They were way to big for my Ford Ranger . When I checked with Amazon 's part finder , where it lets you know if a particular part fits your vehicle , it told me it would fit . Not so at all .
 Wiper motor functions perfectly well , except that the motor is extremely noisy . You could n't hear the OEM motor . However , I have to turn the radio on so I do n't have to hear this replacement wiper motor . So , the price was n't so good after all . Are n't there any QC people at cardone ?
 The box is original made in USA design . When I purchased the tire plug , it was made in Taiwan and had a different design . I call customer service and they could not find the made in USA king . I find the Taiwan broke off easy and do n't go in the tire smooth . I wanted to return the product and the company was nice enought to give it to me at no charge . It takes about three weeks to get the credit money . Its a good thing I bought from a known internet dealer . Thanks Amazon .
 I paid for 4 boxes and only received 20 plugs !!!! The did not come in boxes just 5 plugs per what they call a box
 Ordered 5 boxes of this item . I received 5 sets of 5 strings , not the 5 boxes . I returned them to get a replacement . Received 1 set of 5 strings with the number -LRB- 5 -RRB- and the part number written on the outer plastic cover . Called Amazon customer service . Was told that they would send a call tag to return this screwed up order and send the original order of 5 boxes of 60 strings by the end of August . Received an E-Mail stating that I received a refund of $ 5.08 for the original order of $ 25.40 . PISS POUR SERVICE AND PRODUCTS . Going to go thru VISA and cancel the order due to lack of product for over 3 weeks !
 This is a rip off . I will be sending it back !!!!!!! five dollars for five tire plugs come on !!!!!!!!! Will never order from this seller again !!!!!!!!!! I know when I read this thing it said the box contained 60 total plugs . I did n't realize that I would only receive one strip of tire plugs .
 I thought I was ordering a box . Like the picture and it seemed the title make it almost right . They ONLY sent 1 . 1 freakin strip . If there is a time to say OMG , this was it . Rip off !!!
 Home Depot now has a Generac 14 hp engine/generator # 1470 with a 2 year warranty and is selling it for about 1150 . This includes a cable , wheel kit and it is electric start . Generac says this is for Home Depot only , you have other names , but not the warranty . I am afraid for the money , warranty and electric start nothing you have compares .
 I bought my first one 10/14/07 and my second 8/27/08 , and I rarely tow a trailer . When I hooked it up on Saturday , no left turn/stop circuit.Hopkins customer service is glad to inform you that the product is warranted for 90 days . That probably says it all.I would recommend trying another brand because getting burnt twice was two times too many for me ; there wo n't be a third . I am going to buy a Curt product to see if it is any better .
 This item is advertised as an OEM replacement for a 2000 F-250 tow vehicle connector . IT IS N'T . Problems
 I installed these on my 5.4 Ford Expedition at 90,000 miles back in 2006 . It is now 150,000 thousand mile and I am having some drive-ability issues which is a light misfire not picked up by the computer . I traced it back to the plugs . I installed new ones and the issue is fixed . I guess this is why they only warranty for three years because they do not have the actual 100k performance they mention .
 Auto Meter 4343 Ultra-Lite Full Sweep Electrical Pyrometer GaugeThis unit came without a probe !! It was not clear that the probe evidently needed to be ordered separtely ???!!!
 The wiring is not correct for a 1990 Chevy G20 Mark III Conversion Van . I even called Hopkins to make sure it would work , and they assured me it would . Oh well , another $ 20 out the window ...
 I ordered these rotors for my daughter 's 2004 Toyota Corolla . Within 4 months and less than 6000 miles , the rotors were warped . I wrote to Centric to ask about a warranty return , but they did not have the decency to respond.The OEM rotors lasted about 100,000 miles . Centric claimed their rotors were better . Do n't waste your money on the Centric rotors - buy OEM replacements when you need them .
 I am disappointed because I expected more from these Centric rotors . They developed a mild warp about a year into service on my 2003 Corolla . I am careful not to run through standing water and have been easy on them . The Centric name once stood for quality , but I can no longer recommend them . The E-Coating looks good but is worthless if the rotors warp in no time .
 I received the order yesterday . It is not as pictured . It was damaged and it did not contain keys . The damage was due to no packing material . The box was n't even sealed , just had 3 plastic straps around it . In fact I think it is possible that it was already a return . The kicker here is that I have to cart it off to UPS to return it . So `` Returns Are Easy '' is a lie . You better think twice about ordering this item or any item like it .
 This `` Wrap around '' design is not that at all . Not only does it not match the photo , it does not match the `` Wrap around '' design as per the description . The part number ordered was the same as the part number ordered , therefore this was not a mistake . The item received had both ends jutting out straight over the fenders , where as a wrap around design should fold around the fenders just as the very photo used to describe it and just as the very piece I am trying to replace . The item received is the very design I was trying to avoid which does not fold down around the fenders . Yuck , this item is going back as this design sells for much less due to it 's looks . The original wrap around that I currently have installed on my Jeep has lasted 12 plus years and matches the photo . What I received looks like poo and does not even come close . Fix this Amazon as this is a missleading depiction for this item both with photo and description . Item was received in a timely matter , but that loses it 's gloss when it is not what was ordered to begin with . Perhaps not totally Amazon 's fault , but they represent those who sell , therefore the poor review .
 This was sent to my postal mail box in south dakota ; i have no idea how it could have been sent there , as my Arizona address is always used for purchases . It has been returned to the warehouse . How do I get my $ back ?
 Changed Bulbs in a pair just like the OEM recomends and darned if the new bulb that replaced the working bulb did n't burn out in 10 days .
 I bought this set to replace a leaky Schrader valve on the low side of my r134 1996 Toyota Land Cruiser . Found out the hard way that the inner diameter of the tool is smaller than the valve core diameter -LRB- GA 1531 model -RRB- ... after the valve core fell off the tip of the tool trying to withdraw it , I ended up bending the pin trying to screw it back in ... luckily , after several attempts and without losing any freon , it seated fine and although the pin is bent , it seems to be holding pressure and not leaking anymore ... go figure.I later noticed the back of the package say ` removes standard valves ' ... wtf does that mean ? There are 8 types of Schrader valves used in automotive AC units that I know of.So I really do n't know if this works on a `` standard valve '' but the reason I only gave it 1 star is because the removable tip is held in place by an expansion pin ... which fell out , because it was broken in half presumably when it was pressed in at the factory . To be able to screw the valve back in , I ended up fixing the tool by pressing in a pin -LRB- actually a finishing nail -RRB- and trimming it to length with cutters and a belt sander.Other than all that , it looks nice .
 mastercool failed to ship order i do not even think they stocked it.some emails and two phone calls later the bottom line was we can not find it -LRB- the tool -RRB- . this was ordered on july ,29 th 2012 -LRB- today is aug. 30th ,2012 -RRB- it did put me a jam but i found this tool with amazon they also gave me a better price.thank you amazon.the team at mastercool are very nice it just did not work out .
 This mirror would be perfect except for two things :1 . The mirror glass vibrates so badly while driving that you can not even see what is in the mirror2 . The mirror glass is of the wrong type . The glass in this mirror is the kind that should be used on the passenger side -LRB- Object in mirror are close than they appear -RRB- . The folding mechanism is superior to that of the Chrysler mirror , however this is out-shadowed by the issues noted above . Now I need to go spend $ 224 for the real deal.Paul
 it was nice while it was working but I believe the battery stopped working after a month or two of using the remote keyless entry
 Frankly , I was disappointed . The book does not come anywhere close to providing enough info to restore a Model A . If you are a beginner , it falls way short ; if you are experienced , its too basic . Photos are black and white . I did n't return the book only because I though some of the info might augment books I already own . Save your money . If you are looking for a book to help with repairs , the Model A Ford Mechanics Handbook -LRB- Volume I -RRB- by Les Andrews is tops.Model A Ford mechanics handbook
 even thoughyour system said it was the correct part for my vehical . When it arrived it was the wrong part .
 The long reach is nice and the brush and scraper are in fine condition . However , the grip for the hand rotates and does not stay in place which essentially makes the handle grip useless . Would not buy again .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I used this product several times according to instructions , and found that I have small parallel scratches all over the car in exactly the directions that this blade is used . Not recommended.Edit
 I bought this item and I literally hate it . They make it seem so simple and easy but the blade does not do a good job in removing water from car surfaces . I would only recommend it for doing windows . Much easier to use chamois or regular old terrycloth towels .
 I did n't receive it . I received a cover for a microwave plate . I will be returning it .
 I would not buy this product again . It does what it should but If I had to do it again I would just stick with detaling microfiber towels from Viking/Cobra .
 This does n't work as good as it advertises and for $ 50.00 it should . I was shopping at walmart and they sell it for $ 11.99 and Autozone sells it for 14.99 . Only difference is its not a wooden handle its a hard plastic . Worth getting a plastic handle to save $ 40.00 in my opinion .
 I bought the duster for my Corvette , noticed the first few times I used it there were paraffin wax streaks . This is normal until the mop matures or is left out so the paraffin will dry . I have had the duster for almost a year and it still leaves streaks . I have used it on my motorcycle and the paraffin that is left behind is just awful . It might be the color of my car/motorcycle intensifies the streaking effect . I am not at all happy with the results . Yes it does remove dust but leaves residue behind .
 The product arrived promptly with the shipping box with no signs of mishandling or wear . That rules out the possibility of the product getting damaged in transit.After opening the shipping box , there is a plastic pouch about the size of the brush . I opened the pouch only secured by velcro and the product inside is separated in 2 pieces . The wood handle and the brush piece . At first view , you can see that you have to attach the brush in the wood handle with 2 metal screws that is provided.To my dismay , the wood handle was split in two , like what you would see when someone tried to attach both screws and crack split the wood piece in two.The brush piece has both screws ALREADY ATTACHED to it ! I notice that the screws were not aligned properly which shows signs of mishandling.Next thought was , this is a product that has been shipped to another customer , returned , and shipped to me without even going through QC -LRB- quality control -RRB- . In my rulebook , this is enough reason to avoid this vendor like the plague .
 Do n't use this product . I did purchase one to try out on those `` dusty '' california days here . It takes out all the dust , yes , but leaves very fine scratches on your finish . because of it , I do need to use swirlx and scratchx to remove all the fine scratches it produced . not so good . Seeing that I have a black car , the scratches actually can be seen fairly well . I was extremely disappointed and plan on returning it very soon.I was very VERY skeptical once I saw the giant fibers on this thing . Now theres a reason why detailers do n't use normal towels on their cars -- its because of the bigger fibers ! They use a special weaved microfiber towel to help detail all their cars . The fibers on the california duster are even BIGGER than normal towels ! How can this NOT scratch your finish.I recommend avoiding it if you car about your car . A normal wash , clay , polish and wax will do the job MUCH BETTER than this .
 The photo shows a different product than what is delivered to your home . The water blade is all it was advertised to be . The handle however was not as described . The bracket that holds the blade only holds it at one point , not two as shown . The blade still does the job , but when applying pressure it tends to unscrew from the handle .
 I bought this for my husband who is only about 170lb 6ft average size guy . When he layed on it , I can see the creeper slowly sagging in the middle , and my husband could not roll on it . Its lightweight -LRB- which is what we thought we wanted -RRB- however , this is a flimsy product . Not worth the money , We will be returning the item , and going to walmart to purchase their creeper which has padding and about $ 10 less . Look elsewhere . I do n't recommend this product unless you are a very dainty person and weigh less than 100lbs maybe it 'll do the trick for you , but if you are of average size and build , find a different creeper .
 I bought my first mini duster about three years ago at a Smart & Final . It was absolutely WONDERFUL ! I returned recently to buy more -- one for myself and several more to use as gifts for family and friends . I was told that they no longer carry them and that I should try an auto supply shop . I found the `` mini car duster '' at Checker Auto and although it is smaller than the one that I originally purchased , which was labeled just `` mini duster , '' I figured that it was smaller since it was for the interior of a car , but should otherwise be the same . I bought it anyway since I had not been able to find the `` mini duster . '' I was very disappointed that it is not as good as the first one that I had bought . The strands are thinner and there are fewer of them . The dusting results are significantly inferior to the results that I got with the first one -- it just moves the dust around ; it does n't pick it up like a `` magnet . '' I really loved this thing and am bummed that it just is n't very good .
 1st of all I admit that I did not read thoroughly the page asto what I was buying - it must have been a bad day because I buy a lot on Amazon and always check all details of a product . I bought this in combination with the mini duster which is great - it arrive a week ago , this thing arrived today.I 'll never use this thing so it 's basically 20 bucks down the toilet . But I want to warn anyone curious about it - it is heavy . It reminds me of a baseball bat . Almost as heavy , about the same size , and the thick handle area is very much like a bat.I ca n't imagine any woman using this thing . . It 's too heavy and clunky , never to be used with just one hand by a woman . It also is obviously filled with chemical so be prepared for that . Right now it 's sitting on a table in the other room and the house at the moment smells like a car wash.I gave it 2 stars not because of my mistake in purchasing the wrong item , but because of it 's enormous clunky-ness and weight and obviously strong chemical in it .
 This item will not fit a Ducati steering stem . To be specific my bike is a Ducati 999R , this item is too small .
 This product does NOT fit a Jeep Grand Cherokee as promised in the add . There is NO grommet to fit the J hook on my jeep and it is way to big . A real bust and had to return ! By the way the photos with the product actually show the product with a grommet for cars that have the J hook .
 I was excited and happy for all of 10 minutes ; then my lighter fuse blew out . Not sure if the heater would have gotten hot ... but I wo n't know now until I can find my car owner 's manual so that I can figure out which fuse needs to be replaced . On a good note , I got the item in a couple days !
 Not good . . I purchased this project thinking we would have a way to defrost the windows on our old Olds ' Intrigue , but that was not the case . The first time I plugged it in , it melted the plastic guard ! I have not used it since . Waste of time and money . Delivery was fast . Possibly the only plus in this entire transactions . I do not receommend the product to anyone .
 This heater worked for about 10min before stopping . I would have torecommend not buying this heater.While the heater was working the amount of heat that it was putting outmost likely would n't be sufficient for warming a car up in cold weather but that is just my opinion .
 Unless I got a defective item , this thing is absolutely worthless . The power cord gets hotter than the air produced by the device itself . by the time what little air comes out and reaches the window , it does nothing .
 For $ 10.00 I bought this heater on the chance it would actually make a difference in defrosting the windshield , or providing instant heat on cold Chicago days.However , Given the fact it only is rated at 150 watts , it puts out less than one tenth the heat of your average hair dryer . And it never really gets all that warm because it is trying to heat frigid air.Also , the picture leads you to belive air flow comes out of the entire front vent-NOT !! THE MEAGER AIR FLOW ONLY DISCHARGES FROM LESS THAN HALF OF THE VENT.The bottom line is it 's a piece of junk-don ' t even think it will do the job .
 This is the most feeble thing I have ever seen ! My breath has more heat in it than this heater . The only way it would be of any value to me is to cut the cord off and use the cord for some other project . I would not take another one if you gave it to me !
 The heater does n't produce heat unless you are 1 inch from the unit . My hair dryer gives out more heat than this unit . The fan does work , but not with the heat , so what good is that ? Defrost my windshield with cold air ? My car defroster -LRB- without heat -RRB- does the same .
 A barely perceptible amount of air and heat . It was hard to tell if the darn thing was on . Looks and feels cheaply made . I have n't used it for more than 5 minutes . I wonder if it will last 10 .
 Used it twice , both times it blew out a fuse . Then the unit itself fried . Not worth trying to return it so we just threw it away . Too bad someone does n't make a high quality one of these ...
 I have Raynaud 's disease -LRB- hyper-sensitivity to cold -RRB- and bought this for the cold Ohio winters . It did put out a little heat , I was n't expecting much because it only has 12v to draw from . Within a couple of weeks it stopped working . It also did not put out enough heat to where it warmed my feet through my shoes . I would say it raised the temperature of 2 ' x 2 ' cubed area about 3-5 degrees . Still , when it dies , it wo n't heat anything.Not worth the money .
 Sorry , i was expected more heat from it , its so cold in Jersey now i did n't feel any warm air coming out of it .
 only lasted a week and it quit working - was counting on it for heat for my vehicle !!! NOT HAPPY AT ALL WITH IT !
 This was such a waste of money . I knew it wasnt ' going to be a replacement for the cars actual heater but the thing did n't even get warm . I thought that it would at least blow warm air but did not . This product was not expensive but I felt like I just threw my money out the window .
 It shuts off after 2 minutes of using it . It does n't work very well to begin with , no heat comes out at all , only good for a fan ...
 I bought one of these things a few years ago ... and as many other reviews have noted ... it does not heat air ... it only makes it less cold . It is a complete waste of money . When I bought it , they advertised it as something you could heat your car with and defrost your windows with , but it is only good at one thing ... barely moving cold air while heating it to just a few degrees warmer than it was originally . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY
 Thanks Amazon for allowing such a piece of s *** item to be sold on here . I would send it back but I am in Afghanistan on a deployment and dont have the time . Oh well ... it will be great for target practice .
 I think the heat might be ok ; but the fan power sucks making it worthless ! I do n't have five more words worth saying .
 Junk very weak little heat and does n't blow at all spend some money and get some thing that works . Wont even clear a window that was fogged over when it was right in front of it
 We were very disappointed with this product . It claims to be heater/defroster but the heat setting only produces slightly warm air , if you hold your hand directly in front of it , and only for a short time before it shuts off . The fan setting is not enough to cool even if held an inch away . This was a big ripoff !
 It worked for 10 minutes before blowing the fuse for my power outlet . The device is rated at 13 amps , but it blew a 20 amp fuse . Go figure ... DO N'T BUY THIS !!
 As a fan is is weak at best . As a heater it barely gets warm and the fan speed slows too . Not worth much .
 I expected an efficient heater but it 's quite pathetic at what it is meant to do
 Purchase this item to defrost windows . . plugged it in the appropriate amp -LRB- 12V -RRB- and it ran for a whole 10 seconds , got hot and blew the fuse . .
 Does not blow out very much warm air . You can barely feel the warmth if you stick your hand right on it . Not very helpful when your car heater does not work . I would not recommend this heater .
 I made two separate purchases . I made a review already , and said that the heater was fine -LRB- according to the person I bought it for -RRB- . After my second purchase -LRB- for this review -RRB- , that same person said that the heater is actually pure junk . It might work ok in that little Smart car , but it does nothing in a REAL car/truck . We knew it would n't HEAT up , but it barely pushes luke-warm air . It 's a waste ; find another product . As for the shipment process , no complaints .
 I 've had two of these . The first one , the cord came out of the fuse after only one use . I sent it back and was sent another one . The second one was working great . It blows really hot and really melts the ice off the windshield -LRB- FYI , I live in FL -RRB- . After about a month of using the second one , as it was on the switch to turn it off and on just broke and it would n't shut off . The downside is once I unplugged it and plugged it back in , it would n't come on anymore . It is a shame it is made so bad because it has such potential .
 the item is decent for the money you pay , but like the old saying `` you get what you pay for '' it wont defrost the entire windshield , just the small area that you put it against . My wife uses it more than I and says that it keeps her decently warm , tho sometimes she has to set the item where it is turned directly towards her in order to achieve this . I give it a 2/5 .
 MY SON WAS EXCITED TO GET THE HEATER TO FIND OUT THAT IT DO NOT WORK GOOD
 I bought this item because the heater in my car stopped working , what a joke , I used it a couple of times and then trashed it . If you want to feel any heat you must place this heater right next to your body . I do not reccomend putting it next to your body , just do n't buy it !
 Why they even manufacture these is beyond me . Within 5 minutes of use , it blew a fuse . You 'll get more warmth from those palm size hand warmers than you do this , and to stand out in the cold trying to defrost your windshield is insane . Your better off scraping the ice . Better yet , DO NOT BUY THIS .
 Bought this exact item from an auto parts store and took it back . Bought it to defog my windshield . However , the hot air does n't blow out of the top like the picture looks -LRB- making it good for defrosting/defogging -RRB- it blows out the side and there is no way to point it to get it to defog/defrost your window . Further , it does n't put out enough heat to actually heat anything . I 've got what the `` most helpful poster says '' about the packaging saying it was weak and you should n't expect a lot of heat . However , that does n't escape the fact that this product does n't do anything , even if wattage conversions would tell you that ! I feel it is a reasonable and nonignorant expectation to expect a product to do something.p.s . If you want to warm your hands and face , I would suggest your pockets and a mask instead of shoving your face two inches away from an electrical object that does n't really work ... but that 's just me .
 This product did not work and ruined my car 12V plug in . I used it as the directions said and still it did this .
 The heater did not work for long until it blew out my lighter fuse , my husband tried it in his truck and it blew his lighter fuse aswell .
 Bought this as a Christmas present for my dad . Well he plugged it I 'm before he went to store . Few minutes later got in truck in way to store and it stopped working . Disappointed . Plus it never blew hard anyways
 I was very disappointed in the quality of this product.Not what I expected at all.A complete wast of money.I do n't think it lasted a week.A thumbs down !!
 I purchased these wheel chocks to keep my trailer in place on my driveway , which they actually do quite well as long as you also use the donut to stabilize the trailer jack wheel . Unfortunately I made the mistake of not removing them one day when I moved my unladen trailer with my truck . They provided nearly no resistance to the trailer and were completely flattened . My mistake , I know , but I did n't expect them to be destroyed . Now I 'll be fabricating a set of chocks out of 3/16 '' plate steel in my garage.I 'll still use the donut .
 There was no electrolyte with this battery . I had to go to the autoparts and purchase acid for it , and had no way of being sure that it met Yuasa 's specifications . This is the first powersports battery I have ever bought that did n't come with electrolyte .
 Purchased two sets of these plugs . My husband put them in the next day and the car `` Check Engine '' light came on and the car could barely move in first or second gear . It would just sputter and it was a very dangerous situation as I could not pull out into traffic without fear of being hit . We then swapped the plugs back to the original plugs that had been in my car for 10 years and the car ran perfectly . We then put in two plugs at a time and neither set worked - but did n't actually make the check engine light come on . Again back to the original plugs and the car ran great.I then called the manufacturer and received some of the worst customer service ever . They will only let you leave a message and when they finally call you back - get this - you are supposed to pay to ship the items back and if they test them and the plugs do not meet their quality standards - then they will send you the amount for the plugs . Nothing like making it difficult on a customer that is already frustrated !
 The product came congealed and useless . I could n't get the cap off the can so had to cut it off with tin snips . After opening I saw that the sealant had gotten into the top threads of the cap so this was why I could n't get the top off . And , like I said , the product was useless as it had set up . I bought this 3 months before I actually replaced my windshield so I had gone past the 30 day return policy offered by GlassWarePro . Frankly , I do n't care what the return policy says . If the product is defective from the beginning , the retailer should stand by it . GlassWarePro refuses to stand by their products , so I would be extremely cautious about buying anything from GlassWarePro .
 it was a good product funny and all but the horn isnt loud at all you can barley hear it and the pa is so low you cant even hear it inless you are out of the car lame
 Was cool for a while ... the pre programmed sounds are great but the only way to talk is to record your voice and then play your recording which i thought was rediculous ... After about a month of use it broke . there is better stuff out there
 Purchased horn as a gift for my sister . Surprised her with it and we were having a great time running through the ample tunes until it started sounding like a dying animal and did in fact die . It gave us a great 20 minutes but that 's all we got out of it . Bummer .
 You get what you pay for with this mirror . It works - but when you are driving there is a fluttering from the car 's vibration and it is very noticeable . The mounting of the whole system is stable - its just that the quality is cheap and the mirror flutters . If that does n't bother you - then go for it .
 I used to have a pair of these that lasted several years so I tried these . Big mistake , these things are made out of some of the cheapest materials I have seen in a seat cover . They are already pulling a part at the seams after a couple weeks of use . Spend your money on something else , I wish I had .
 I to ordered 2 of these seat covers for my Mack dump truck . I got one canvas that is perfectly what I was looking for . It matched the ones I have already had in my other vehicle . They are so durable . The best I have ever found for a work truck . The other seat cover that was in the same order , same type box , same part # is the cheapest material that I have ever seen . Some kind of stretchy polyester that fell apart before I got it on . My finger nail snagged and frayed the black area during installation . They do n't even match in color . The cheap one has a greenish tint in the area that should be gray . The cheap one also has thin foam on the back side of the black stretchy material . From some of the other revenues I have seen . Sounds like Amazon will have nothing to do with satisfying the customer in any manner on this issue . Vary disapointed . If you order on Amazon . Be prepared to bend over and take it in the rear !!!
 Very poor quality , canvas on seat area , stretch material on the sides , colors do not match . The gromets that hold the bottom cover on were already torn from the foam material . This was a very bad choice .
 These seat cover looked nice until the front started coming apart after two weeks . After a month the front was completely open . Cheap construction and materials , Save your money on this item and look elsewhere .
 Had bought these seat covers about 6 years ago , and loved them . They were tough and made out of a durable nylon type material . The new ones that I just bought look like the old ones , but are made out of a cheaper material . I guess they will do for now , but I wo n't buy these again . I do n't believe these will last HALF as long as the old ones I had . I would reccommend that anyone needing a set of covers go ahead and pay a little more for a good quality pair . I do n't think you 'll be sorry .
 I have had these covers on my 97 Ranger seats for at least 5 years and other than some slight fading from the sun , they are still in great shape . Unfortunately , I got grease on one of them somehow so they need to be replaced . I did n't even consider anything else , I just ordered another set . The durability of these covers is amazing . Highly recommended.I take it all back !!!! Just got the first of my 2 new covers and what a disappointment . They are not the same . My old covers were made entirely of a heavy canvas-like fabric . The new one is only canvas on the gray part and the black is a very thin , stretchy spandex type crap . What a bunch of junk . I ca n't wait for the second one to get here , so I can send them back together . You just ca n't buy anything worth a damn anymore .
 These products are advertised as canvas seat covers . But more than 50 % of the cover is made from a cheap stretch fabric . There is a canvas insert in the seat and back but hardly matches the description . I have owned similar canvas seat covers in the past and will be buying some locally again now . This has put me off purchasing through Amazon again as it is too much hassle to return the product . I think I will try to see products like this before I buy them in future . Reading the other reviews it appears that hey manufacturer has changed the materials used in making these but has n't been honest an updated the product details .
 I ordered these seat covers for my '97 TJ & thought they 'd be great - and they would have been had I received the same kind . one was all canvas -LRB- perfect , exactly what I ordered & matched the description -RRB- the other one was in the same kind of box , with the same UPC code , but was made out of the cheap stretchy polyester that the cheap covers are known for . I asked Amazon to double check the cover when it shipped , thinking I could order another one & send back one , and they refused , so I sent back both covers . Worth the money if you get what you ordered , but good luck with that .
 Had these in a previous truck 2 yrs prior , wore like iron ! Manufacturer changed material to cheaper stretch-poly , netting for pouches , equal to covers half the cost ! Very disappointed in the quality after being excited that I thought I 'd found the exact-same product . Not worth the money ! Buyer beware !
 Bought Saddleman seat covers from Autoanything . First set did NOT fit and began to tear at the seams within a week . Returned for another set . This canvas one was missing the loops necessary to attach to seat and stitching was sub par . This weak area ripped apart also in first week . They would not replace or refund . Only would allow me to send these horrible covers back for repair.I read many reviews concerning Saddleman and how their seats were very difficult to install and did not fit or look exceptionally well . I convinced myself that these people just did n't have ability or patience to install them correctly . BOY WAS I WRONG . SHOULD HAVE LISTENED TO THEM !!! DO N'T BUY THEM !!!
 This is not the correct shield for the Outlaw Bandit . 89602 might be for the regular bandit , however the Outlaw Bandit is part # 89102 M
 I drive a minivan , so I wanted this for the extra large size . Well , it 's big enough , but it 's real floppy and thin , so it does n't stay in place . When I put the driver & passenger visors down to hold it in place , it still slides all around behind it . You kind of have to get it in just the right place and hope it stays . But hey , what do you want for $ 5 bucks ?? As far as blocking the sun , it seems to help , but I live in Florida and there 's really no way around the heat .
 We have been using this duster on our hardwood floors for about a year now . The threaded hole has cracked and the handle fell out . I used a hose clamp for a temp fix and it lasted for another 3 months then the entire assembly broke.This connection should have been stronger . The instructions say to shake before and after use . This should have been a stronger part than it is.I can not even find this item on Amazon anymore . So now I must look elsewhere for my hardwood floor maintenance .
 I bought this duster about a year ago for my wood floors and absolutely loved it . However , after just a few uses , the orange plastic part that connects the handle to the head of the duster cracked and completely fell apart , rendering the duster useless . It was too late to return via Amazon , and I 've been unable to find anything else to fix it with so it 's sitting in a closet . I just wrote the company ; we 'll see if they can help . I would n't have spent the money if I 'd known that could happen .
 Cheap plastic handle made in Korea , fixed with duct tape from Kentucky . Handle broke by the 4th use . Picked up dust well enough when it was new , but very cheaply made .
 I recently had hardwood flooring installed on my entire first floor of my house and was looking for a good duster . The product was received in a timely manner as promised . Within 5 minutes of using it , the handle mechanism broke . I already threw away the packaging so am not sure how to return it . I guess I can try duct tape .
 Seems to pick the lint up but to large for me and heavy to be using all the time . I could not figure out how to remove the mop head to wash it so just removed the handle and washed the whole bottom . It turned out fine but I would buy a different mop soon .
 I have been looking for a good dust mop for several years . I bought a $ 75 wooden one with a removable mop from Williams Sonoma but it was n't flexible enough for dusting under things . I decided to try the California duster and it was just as much of a disappointment . It picked up dirt but it was heavy and cumbersome , especially for sliding into small spaces . As annoying as these aspects were , I might have kept the duster , but the MOST problematic thing was the handle . It has a telescoping handle and since I needed it to be the longest possible , I pulled the handle out as far as it would go and then tightened it at the intersection of the two poles . As soon as I applied any pressure at all , the pole collapsed . I have had this experience with other items that use telescoping poles.I returned the product for a refund .
 I 've only used this tape twice since I 've purchased it , and I do n't think you should be paying this much for a clothing tape . It is n't sticky enough , and I do n't know , maybe it 's my skin - I have oily skin - but the stickiness wears off after lunch . I wo n't be repurchasing and will find something better to replace this product ASAP .
 One mostly empty of fluid , one okay ... very unreliable . No telling how long the good one will last ...
 Red reflector panels are a cute idea that works `` okay '' but not a big improvement over normal vial.I ordered two packages and both came with one good unit and one unit missing fluid.I am still waiting for response from Hoppy about correcting this.Better to buy locally as your own QA inspector .
 I could have bought a floor console of the same quality at K-mart for under $ 40 . Different design , but same size , number of cup holders and amount of storage . The upper cup holder was broken off during shipping . I was able to use rubber cement to re-attach it . It does not look like much glue was used during construction of it ... no wonder it came off . Quality should have been better for the price .
 When I received this adoptor it 's an old one and did n't work It is very heavy.It took forever to receive it , and the shipping was too much as well . do n't buy from this vendor .
 i bought these for my R6 they look good in picture and in person . but they fit very badly on bike . I guess you get what you pay for
 2005 Element owners beware ! Even though this Hopkins claims this part fits your '05 Element , it does n't . The actual connector that is suposed to plug into your car is completely different from the one in the package . It 's very frustrating to pay Blue shipping , tear the rear of the car apart and then find out it does n't fit !
 Pretty gauge and that 's where it ends . At 3000 rpm my oil pressure went to 5 psi and caused me to pull over on the interstate . Idle pressure was 25 when normal is 40 psi . Limped home and ran a lot of tests including changing the oil to a higher viscosity . No change to pressure . I then installed a mechanical oil gauge and all my pressures ran normal . So $ 120 later I figure out the sending unit was bad out the the box . Do yourself a favor and skip this unit and get a mechanical gauge .
 The exhaust tips were nice when I first bought them . They did n't hold up too well after a few months , especially in winter . Would rather buy cheaper ones next time . We 'll see if they polish back up .
 So as of exhaust wise it fits my 99 civic fine , but one HUGE problem when it came in the mail ... there is a LABEL on the exhaust and its glued on . So when you remove it all the adhesive is still on the exhaust ... . why even put one seriously ... horrible buy ...
 Decent quality . The demensions info is incorrect . It does not fit my truck . Seller needs to have very accurate ` inlet diameter ' demensions stated . It did have a 2 3/4 '' inlet . Very disappointed . I give it two stars for quality .
 This tip looked nice when I received it and after being installed . However , after only 1 week of use it began to show signs of rust . I cleaned it the best I could but could not remove the rust . I 'm glad I bought this tip only as a temporary solution before installing a dual tip .
 the part is ok , but my car exhaust tip < 2.5 '' -LRB- about 2.2 x -RRB- , but it doesnt fit . be careful about this . its max only up to 5.3 cm . now i dont want any bigger size . but i have to find a way to put it on , any suggestion ?
 The light these throw is excellent , the wiring harness includes everything needed , though I wired mine slightly different than shown . I ended up replacing the switch because the indicator light in the switch burned out within a couple days , their customer service is pretty bad as I called to get a replacement switch and they told me to uninstall the entire set up and return it to amazon . The biggest problem however , is the lights themselves . So far in under a year I had one completely shatter and I was forced to replace it and now my other has a vertical crack the entire length of the lens and will need to be replaced too . I always use the stone guards when these lights are not in use , which is far more often than when they are on . I 'm looking for another brand to replace these with as hella turned out to be a hella big piece of garbage .
 Plugs would not match the plugs on my 01 sante fe . Bought this thinking it would be easier , but did not work . I could have bought a cheap splice on kit and saved money .
 Please read all the reviews carefully . You will notice that you must remove the interior paneling of the Toyota Sienna 2003 . This is near impossible for an inexperienced person . Note that one review admitted that they took it to a mechanic friend . I have found no information on how to remove the paneling . To exaggerate to make a point
 This product 's desription is mis-leading . Let 's look at the details : my comments are in -LRB- -RRB- s : T-Connectors allow you to connect your trailer 's wiring system into your vehicle 's wiring system -LRB- I never got this far -RRB- Prewired to provide right turn , left turn , taillight and on some models , the backup function -LRB- Again , who knows ? -RRB- The two-piece system provides for a more versatile installation as well as a simple plug replacement option if the unit ever becomes damaged -LRB- Could be true , if you ever got it installed -RRB- Simple , 4 easy steps -LRB- not true , installation requires the removal of the complete rear interior panels -RRB- No cutting , soldering or taping -LRB- Again , this may be true - once you have taken the entire rear compartment interior out of the van -RRB- comments
 There was very negligable power gain . And If I could afford to test before and after an install I could ceretainly afford a better system ! Fuel ecconnomy did improve approx 7 % .
 I bought this radiator thinking it was closest to OE but was unhappy to find the packaging allowed it to get damaged pretty easily . It looked like it had been dropped , kicked and dragged at one point . Made in China like so many auto parts these days . Not that that is an issue it 's just some suppliers have higher quality standards than others . This one , not so much .
 Based on prior experience with an Astra-Hammond louver in the ' 80 's and info obtained from a internet forum , I purchased this louver . I was n't home at the time of delivery or else I would have not accepted the package due to extensive damage to the carton . After taking numerous pictures , I held my breath , opened the box and examined the contents . It appeared that the box had been previously opened and the louver re-wrapped . The louvers were found to have a few areas where the black powder coating had rubbed off due to the packaging damage and bare metal was showing . Additional pictures were taken . Following a call to Astra-Hammond , they stated that I needed to return the louver to the company that I had purchased it from and that they did NOT have a touch-up kit to provide . Since I had considered re-painting the louver to match the car 's paint in the event I did n't like the flat-black look , I decided it was n't worth the hassle to try to return it and to fork-out the cash to have it re-painted . Note that I am not putting any blame on Astra-Hammond but on the vendor that shipped it . What 's interesting is that there appears to be no info on the carton nor any paperwork that identifies who the supplier was beyond Amazon.com .
 The Westar Mounts are thinner than the OEM . The problem I had with these were the insert was off-center and I could not line it up to fit in the Engine Mounting Cradle . I was very disappointed . I will not buy the Westar product again . I will use DEA or Anchor Motor mounts . They are all made over seas But are much better quality . I am highly satisfied with the Anchor Mount as Well as the DEA . Do Not purchase Westar Mounts .
 The application guide on Amazon says it fits a `` 2002 Impreza 2.5 RS 4door sedan . '' I was unsure of this so I called Hopkins tech support to confirm this before ordering , which they did.It DOES NOT FIT , there are no plug in connectors anywhere on the Impreza harness for this -LRB- I 'm an ASE master mechanic , do n't think I didnt trace the whole harness -RRB- . Called back and talked to another Hopkins tech who told me it was not meant for this car . Why I got contrary information from their service people and Amazon is beyond me . Ended up splicing it into the wiring harness like a univesal fit one , but more expensive .
 it looks good , but i ca n't justify the quality level when it does n't even survive the initial hook-up procedures ... wo n't signal left turns , already blew the resistor -LRB- ? -RRB- in the first 5-minutes ... will be sending back for repairs at my wasted time ... maybe the replacement will work longer ??? plus the ad lies about it having a by-pass it the unit fails , which it does n't and that 's the reason i bought this one !!! so much for the selling point ...
 I ordered these and a set of plugs to use on my 2002 Camaro Z28 . They seem to be of good quality , and my only real concern was resistance was higher than I would like to see out of a set of wires like these . I gave them a shot anyway since the wires for this car are super short.I received these quickly with Amazon Prime and just got around to starting the project since the car is now hibernating for winter . Unfortunately when I took these out of the box I knew right away that they were not going to fit properly . This is due to a couple things - 1 . The boots are too small on the coil end and because of the tendency of the boot to want to slide off because of its tight fit the spark and any movement will eventually lead to it coming off the coil . 2 . They are FAR too long to be the correct wires for this particular car . Even the shortest of the wires is at least 3x the length of the OEM one.So the rating is due to the fact that these came up as a direct fit for my car . The product may be a good one but be aware if you came here looking for a new set for your LS1 , these will not fit .
 Ordered 2 shocks . Both boxes were old , ripped up and open . One shock was very rusty on the outside . Items looked like customers returns or store returns that have been on selves for years .
 Every time I 'd try to plug it in , the round metal contacts on the round connector end would push back inside the plug and I had to take the thing apart with a screwdriver to push them back into position , but they just did it again . Maybe it 'd work if you had a connection that is new and perfect , however I suspect most people looking for a four round adapter has an old pickup , RV , van or car that has an old corroded 4 round connector in back and this seems like the best way to go . I would recommend finding a different product or just take the time to re-wire your connection for 4 flat and leave it . That 's what I wound up having to do .
 yeah nuff saidstill a brake rotori work in an automotive shop . i 'm absolutely sure a clutch does n't look like that
 I ordered the adapter with the red LED indicator light.Received one WITHOUT the red indicator LED light.Will not order the product again .
 Not sure why , but my this adapter doesnt light up to do the checks as it is suppose to . I think it is my suv -LRB- Audi -RRB- that doesnt support just the leds to verify operation . I kept it anyway as it works fine with the trailer and all the lights work .
 Both the part itself -LRB- printed on body -RRB- and the box say `` center pin AUX/BAT '' . This is very frustrating because this was after I was originally sent another part number -LRB- the wrong part since I order this one -RRB- which also stated it was Aux/Bat on the body . So my rating of this product is on the basis of having the wrong pin configuration . If you actually wanted a center pin Aux/Bat then the product will likely work for you .
 Boxes old and were open . Shocks dusty and looked old . One was missing the label . Gule for the label was still on the shock . Shocks look like customers returns or old store returns .
 Had to rewire it to make it work . Lights operated backward -LRB- left was right , right was left -RRB- and the reverse lights activated my brakes . Would have been easier to start from scratch myself . Chinese junk !!!
 This product is designed for a `` universal fit '' , but on my 2005 Sea Doo there was n't enough lip suface on the bow to accomodate proper fit for riveting the unit to the boats surface .
 If you have n't bought a GAS CAN recently , you 're in for a big surprise . They are more expensive and harder to use.With any of the new C.A.R.B. compliant spout , including this one , it 's a sruggle to fill your car or even your lawn mower . And , do n't count on getting out the last drop of gas without removing the cap and using a long transmission funnel . They 've been doing that for a few years in Califotnia , already.The only viable alternative is the No-Spill brand with the push button , but those cost twice as much.If you have an older gas can that still works , keep it . If you can find one of the rarer and harder to find old spouts at a local hardware store , buy ALL of them . I 've visited 10 stores and discovered that they are all gone , and there will be no more of the old ones . There are a few left on eBay , but they are getting scarce there , too.So , either find the old stuff , or be in store for more and more frustration .
 DO NOT BUY ANY OF THESE GAS CANS FROM SCEPTER !!! The product is very poorly made . Brought it home from the store , filled it up with water to figure out how to use it , and spent the next 15 minutes cussing at it . I never did get anything to come out . It is going back to Home Depot today . I will not be trading it for another one .
 The spout on this particular model is a complicated spring loaded device that , at least in my 2 samples , broke at first use . Ended up having to pour directly from the can with no spout into a funnel . Oh yeah , spilled gas and oh yeah , these cans are going into the trash.Useless junk .
 This is what happens when greenies are in charge of product design . An unusable piece of trash . I 'm an experienced mechanic and a professional engineer and I ca n't get this stupid spout to deliver ONE drop of gas . `` turn it till it clicks '' the instruction line -LRB- you only get ONE line of instruction -RRB- ... click ? It 's clicks in about 20 positions you knotheads ! I will be requesting a product refund from the manufacturer.DO NOT BUY THIS TOTALLY DIS-FUNCTIONAL ECO DESIGN NIGHTMARE !
 You know how guys do n't need to look at instructions ? It took my wife 's close scrutinization of the label 's small print to notice that , in three languages , no less , that you have to force the spout against whatever you wanted the gas to go into , AFTER you set the green ring to the unlocked position.When using this abomination , if you let up on the pressure it will revert to being locked ! This is all great fun as you try to wrestle almost forty pounds into the perfect position and maintain the pressure . If this can were to be knocked over the gas would slowly leak out ! Mine leaked ... The design is an epic fail . It should be set on fire and destroyed , except that you will never get gas out of this can to do that with .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCTI unfortunately bought the 1 , 2.5 and 5 -LRB- three 5 gallon cans -RRB- gallon versions of this gas can . If I could rate negative stars , I would . The nozzles are the same for all versions and they ALL LEAK at varying levels , some at a fast drip , some at a steady stream . They seem to leak more gas than fill through the nozzle , for they fill extremely slowly -LRB- and of course leak -RRB- . Stay away from these gas cans . I promise that you 'll be disappointed .
 Do n't buy . Never work properly . Spout will go bad within months . Major step backwards . Poured gas back in my 20 year old container and through away .
 Do NOT buy this gas can . Could n't get any gas to come out . Spout is unmanageable . A waste of money !!!
 I 'm also rating it with one star only because there is no option for zero stars . I bought a 2.5 gallon can and the 5 gallon can at Home Depot . They 're complete junk ! I also have an old style can that I bought back in the early 1990 's and it is far , far superior to these pieces of crap . The spring broke loose on the inside of one of the spouts so it no longer works like it 's supposed to . On both cans , I end up actually spilling or leaking gasoline which is what they 're supposed to prevent . I have to use one hand to twist the mechanism into the proper position so that the gasoline will flow properly - and hold it there the entire time the gasoline is flowing . My other hand and my body are then used to lift the can high enough to reach the level of the gasoline intake opening on my vehicles . On my old style can , I do n't spill or leak any gasoline ! Both hands and arms are used to lift and support the can . I 'm going to start a quest to find a couple old style cans to replace these Sceptar cans . This is an outstanding example of why redesigning something that works into something that does n't just to be environmentally friendly is a complete waste of time , money and resources !!
 Please stay away from this product . I purchased mine from Home Depot and after one use the spout broke . The product is now useless with a small spring hanging from the spout and the can useless . To add insult to injury , on two ocassions the company who makes it promised to send me a new spout free of charge and both times I never received the item . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy one of these .
 I almost never write reviews of products , but every now and then something is either so wonderful - or so inferior - that I feel the need to contribute.This product , quite simply , is the most inferior consumer product I 've come across . Ever . It 's a disaster . Avoid it at all costs . This company should be embarrassed for foisting this piece of garbage on the public and trying to make a profit from it . Pathetic.Thank goodness I decided to do a periodic running of my generator before the winter starts and with images of the the recent East Coast storm fresh in my mind . The generator can only work with fuel in it - and the fuel can only get into the generator if it can get from the fuel can into the gas tank . Do n't bother trying with this product.The valve on this fuel can simply does n't work . Twisting , turning , clicking , pushing/pulling - some kind of series of actions is required to open the nozzle . Cheap plastic parts , a fragile wire spring that that appeared near the base , and some non-sensical visual directions on the side of the can all add up to an unusable product . If it were the middle of a storm , with no power , and I was in a situation in which I needed this supposedly simple product to work , I would be out of luck.Be warned .
 due to the recent hurricane sandy and resulting gas crisis on long island i purchased 4 gas cans already filled from a friend . the directions for use are not at all helpful with no internet service or electricity I could n't even google it until 5 days after I bought them . I finally found directions on eHow . the scepter site instructions were no help , they did n't address this particular can they address the simplest can . after trying again with the instructions , I finally took off the spout to use a funnel , and found a little cap inside the spout ! would it be too much trouble to mention this on the can ? After using the funnel to fill my car , I put the cans by the trash . the 1.25 gallon does not have a cap for the tip of the nozzle so you ca n't block fumes after using the can .
 It is indeed `` spill proof . '' That 's because nothing comes out , until you unscrew it in desperation and spill gasoline all over the intended target , your shoes , your pants , the ground , and any small animals and vegetation , hovering alien spacecraft usw . in the vicinity . Raccoons beware !!! Cheaply made . Poorly designed . Overly expensive . One slightly aberrant twist -LRB- guaranteed because of the inherent flaws -RRB- and the springs leap from the locking mechanism , never to fulfill the role they never could in the first place . The worst piece of crap I have ever bought in 45 years of life on this planet . I will be shopping at Lowe 's instead of Home Depot from now on simply because they sell this garbage . My only regret in writing this is that I have to give it 1 star . If there is an embodiment of `` FAIL '' in this world , this is it .
 I have two these , and I hate them . Okay , I understand the need to control emissions , but my complaint is not about the overly complicated locking mechanism . I can open it and pour fuel out . That 's not the problem . The problem is the copious amount of fuel that drips out from the sliding section of the nozzle , dripping onto the ground . I 've contacted the manufacturer , and they just say to follow the directions . Seems it 's no big deal to them for an environmentally friendly , EPA certified , CARB compliant gas can to be leaking gasoline onto the ground because it 's so poorly made . Also a little ticked because I 'm not talking about a few drops of fuel , I 'm talking about a couple of ounces of wasted fuel.Update
 Used as directed , I got more gasoline on myself and the mower than in the tank.I resolved the situation in my favor with super-glue . A modest application of the glue to the green sleeve in `` clicked '' position , followed by a bit more glue with the spout depressed did the trick . So configured , gas will S-L-O-W-L-Y flow into the receptacle of my choice.Having circumvented the `` adult-proof '' features of the device , I can still say that it 's completely worthless . As another reviewer suggested , buy yourself a proper funnel , preferably with a filter , and simply skip this whole spout nonsense.For pouring fuel into a leaf-blower or weed-trimmer , you might want to consider using a glass bottle as a transfer receptacle . The politburo wo n't like it , but do n't lament . Revolutions inevitably eat their children . Our challenge is to live long enough to celebrate its passing .
 Major design flaw with the spout and needs to be redesigned . On 1st use the spring in the spout popped out making the can unuseable . Do no waste your money on this until Scepter fix the problem .
 This can is spill proof , which means that it regulates air intake which enables you to pour it into your lawnmower . I bought it because it was the cheapest . What a complete waste ! I was unable to get gas from it because the childproof mechanism to regulate air intake would n't work . Eventually I torqued off one of the springs in the mechanism accidentally which rendered it even more useless.The only way I was able to use this device was to drill a hole at the base of the spout -LRB- use the drill away from the gas well or you may win yourself a darwin award -RRB- . However my modification means now the can leaks vapor when the spout is out ... I got it to work , but more out of frustration.Bottom line ... do n't buy this piece of junk .
 What a dreadful product . I read the instructions , watched the YouTube video -LRB- should have been my first clue -- a gas can should n't be so complicated as to need a frakkin ' instructional video -RRB- , and still could n't get this thing to work . It was impossible to turn the green safety collar the required two clicks without also turning the entire nozzle . The spring came half way out after about the second use , at which point I resorted to removing the nozzle entirely and filling my lawnmower with a funnel . This , of course , caused spills , negating any of the alleged `` eco benefits '' of this nozzle that was clearly designed by drunks , idiots , or drunk idiots.Seriously , the best thing I can say about my experience with this piece of garbage was that my local Home Depot allowed me to return it , even though I used it . The safety mechanism was legitimately broken , so they accepted that as a good reason to take it back . So kudos to them . Anti-kudos to the designers at Scepter.I replaced this with theBlitz 2 Gallon Spill Proof Gas Can -LRB- Model 21510 -RRB- , which also has a CARB-compliant * nozzle . The reviews for the Blitz are equally as terrible , but the nozzle mechanism looks way easier to use , so I 'm hopeful that it 's going to work out okay . I 'll save my receipt and hope that Lowe 's is as generous as Home Depot in case I need to return it . My next attempt will be theNo-Spill 2-1/2 - Gallon Poly Gas Can -LRB- Model 1405 -RRB- , which has good reviews , but is not available in a local store.This Scepter product is made in Canada . Guys , stick to maple syrup -- at least you 're good at that . * While CARB really stands for the California Air Resources Board , I prefer to think of it as the `` Crazy , Asinine Regulations Bureau . ''
 Had to call the company on how to use it !!!!!!! Turns out I already broke it - Sucks ... . apply pressure tilt can turn collar 1/4 turn apply pressure to can while can rests on flange -- ARE YOU KIDDING ME !!!! HOME DEPOT DROP THIS LNE !!!
 Everyone else writing reviews for this product is spot-on . The plastic can is ok -LRB- how can you screw that part up ? -RRB- , but the spout is horrible ! Getting gas in , no problem . Getting gas out without spilling is impossible . The website has a detailed set of instructions , but you may as well ignore them because it is impossible to hold 2.5 gallons of gas , twist and unlock , and get the slide tab aligned with the filler neck of the lawnmower , and depress/release when filled . As impossible as it is with a lawnmower , imagine something with less weight , like a weed trimmer , to press against with the spout tab . The first several times I used it , MAJOR spillage . The last few times , I 've spilled only 1/2 cup or so . You know how many times I 've spilled with the old spouts ? One or two times in 16 years . DO NOT EVER use this can to fill up any engine that is somewhat warm ! First , the Feds screwed up light bulbs -LRB- intermediate base in new ceiling fans where CFLs can not be used or are 6x as expensive as normal bases -RRB- . Now the Feds have to regulate spouts on gas cans , and they screwed that up , too . I have a feeling that the Scepter design is worse than others , but I have nothing to compare it against at the moment . DO NOT BUY !
 Do what I did , save the can and throw away the spout . Use a funnel . This thing is not almost practically worthless , it 's overpriced even if it DID have a working spout . But it was the only thing available at Home depot .
 Like the other reviews , the spout is terribly complicated to use and is not very durable , easily broken . Much spillage of course while figuring out how to get the gas out . Would NEVER buy this product ever again . There is on line a good demo about how to use the device by the way .
 had trouble finding a 2-2and a half gallon tank.i saw this and picked it up with out checking it because a gas can is just a gas can . . i filled the can , got home and tried to fill my new lawn mower , , have not been able to figure out how to get gas to go through the spout . . theres a green sleeve about three quarters of an inch wide that has lock symbols on it but it does not move , , have not put it in a vise yet . . manufacturers web site does not explain how to use it even though it says on the can to go to the web site for instuctions . . if you have to steal your old gas can back , do it ... where is common sense ????
 The spillproof/childproof mechanism on this can simply does not work . When you do finally get it to pour some gasoline , it leaks all over your hand and everywhere else . How exactly is that `` environmentally friendly ? '' If you buy this , be sure to buy a funnel , too .
 I have the 5 gallon can - and it 's a nice can . Unfortunately , you ca n't get the gas out through the child proof nozzle . I took the first one back and exchanged it for a new one which does n't work either . I think there must be a way to drill out the nozzle but have n't figured it out yet so still taking the cap off and pouring into a funnell .
 its not worth the money , does not work at all . Tired it many times and nothing the same results . very disappointed !!!!
 This product is a waste of plastic . It managed to do nothing other than make a mess . If you need a cheaply made hot glue , this is your ticket .
 I have just spent the last hour trying to work with this product ... what a waste of time . While the glue seems to set on the car fine , as soon as you put significant pressure on the cross beam , it pops right off . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 I followed the directions to a T on two different dents . I tried different glue drying times , different amounts of glue , the two different glue types , and the two different applicators . The glue stuck well to my car -LRB- not too bad to get off of the car -RRB- but released from the applicator immediately after any pressure was applied . It 's supposed to stick the applicator to the car until the dent is fixed . It was never even able to move the sheet metal . The glue gun works fine though quite cheap . The whole system will be returned this week .
 I suspect the device probably works best on flat surfaces and not corners . I had trouble with the glue not staying with the surface of the car , just popped off after several tries ...
 I bought this with the hopes of using it to remove a few dents in my motorcycle tank . I found a few other reviews that claimed that it worked on their motorcycle , but it DOES NOT . The glue is way too weak for a metal gas tank , and is obviously meant for the weak plastic paneling that cars have . While slowly turning the wing nut to supposedly remove the dent , the plunger always popped off and separated from the glue . Do NOT purchase this product if you are wanting to use it for a motorcycle . I can not , however , speak for its use on car dents . I can only assume that it works better .
 Here 's the bottom line with this product - Do n't expect a miracle . I had -LRB- or should I say I `` have '' -RRB- a dent on the right rear passenger door of my 2009 Infiniti G37 . I purchased this product -LRB- after reading the reviews just like you -RRB- and hoped for the best.The dent was NOT a round or circular dent - it was a horizontal line , about two inches long . Not very deep , but noticeable . Well , upon the first attempt , the kit did pull out the dent ever so slightly . Subsequent `` pulls '' resulted in no further correction . So , bottom line is I think you 'd be lucky to have real success with this thing . Like everything else in life , you get what you pay for . I rated it a 2 because it did seem to pull out the dent just a little bit on the first pull , but it did n't do what you see on the videos that are out there for this product . My recommendation - if you have a few bucks you can waste -LRB- kinda like playing the lottery -RRB- , go ahead give it a try - maybe you 'll have more success than me . If you drive an upscale car and the dent really bothers you , take it to a pro and have it knocked out -LRB- like I 'm going to now , lol -RRB- .
 Had a couple of small Quarter size hail dents in my truck . Thought I would give it a try . Did n't have any effect after trying several times . The glue would break apart in the middle and stick to the puller and truck surface . May work for larger dents but did not help me .
 Glue kept pulling off the body . Tried a number of times with same results.Just glad it did not cost more .
 I was hoping this at least work , but it does not do a thing . I have to return this ! I tried it many times but does not even touch the dent .
 I ordered 2 vehicle shocks advertized as new but one box had a taped note that there was missing parts . I e-mailed the vendor through Amazon but I have yet to recieve a responce . Label this vendor as unreliable . The Gabriel shocks are great but be careful of this vendors claims
 This product has so many different connectors it feels like I need to hire a specialist to figure which way is in and which way is out.But it did feel TEN times more sturdy than the picture sudjested . -LRB- considering it was a light blue , almost kiddy looking color , plastic -RRB- I opted out and got a different , less complex model .
 Battery was delivered without acid . Had to go to local auto supply and spend $ 10.00 for acid.Could have bought complete battery cheaper at local store .
 This product is almost a scam . I could purchase it for the same price at a local dealer , but I wanted to purchase it from Amazon . BIG MISTAKE !!! First it arrived , dry . OK , where is the acid to pour into it ? None . So to use it , after paying over fifty bucks for it , I had to go out and spend another eight dollars for acid . Wait . I will just return it ! NOPE ! Clicked on return , and because of the acid , -LRB- that did n't come with the battery -RRB- , it is hazardous waste and must be disposed of locally . No way to return it . So you pay for it , do n't get all the parts , and it ca n't be returned . To add insult to the purchase , there is no way to contact anybody about any thing , like where is the acid to pour into the battery ? The problem is more with the way Amazon handles the product than the product itself . In the end , I have paid over sixty dollars for a fifty dollar battery , with no way to return it , with no warranty . I suggest you try Walmart for your batteries .
 I order the charger and I had to send it back , because it did not charge at all , maybe it was defected I hope so , because is a shame . I like it very much because of the lights at the end of the cables , but Sorry . Do n't ship any more Defected products!Sincerely , C.A. Saint Louis , MO
 First off , let me start by saying the Intella-start feature sounded like a nifty idea , but unfortunately that 's about the only positive remark I 'll make about this product . I 'll now elaborate on the 3 things that are wrong with it -LRB- and hence lost 3 stars -RRB- :1 . The most blatant problem is that bullet point 4 of the Product Features is a lie , this unit 's cables are so short you can not possibly hook them more than 2 feet from the battery . Again . It will not sit on the ground and reach your battery .2 . They fail to mention that the plug for charging the unit is so recessed in the rear that you ca n't attach it to any extension cord . It does not come with a power cord . When you open the package and try to charge it for the first time , you will shake your head and spend another week looking for something that would fit into the back .3 . Assuming you 've found a proper cable and you 're able to charge it , you 'll find out there 's no charging sensor to cut the power when the battery 's full . You could leave it plugged the whole day and ruin the battery.But , if you still want the Intella-start so badly , then ...
 What else is there to say ... this product did not perform and I consider it a dud .
 Nothing educational or fun about it . It provides a dora picture for the kids to look at whilst protecting them from the suns rays . Also has a heat sensor on it , glows white when vehicle is too warm for children which is always useful.Be sure to follow instructions when attaching to window , can help avoid bubbles .
 cool looking but not what i expected , i think it should be little brushes instead of end to put a rag around
 Honestly , I thought these were going to be different . I do n't know when you would ever use them . I thought the tips were going to be rubber/soft , instead they are hard plastic .
 The wire kit I was shipped was missing half of the harness and he connectors . Went to an auto parts store and bought the same one and it was fine . Had to send this one back . Amazon made it easy with ups pick up and quick credit .
 I tried these on two different cars and several tires leaked down over a couple of weeks . My first suspicion was these valve caps which turned out to be correct after I sprayed a mixture of soap and water on the caps . There was a very slow leak around the cap seals.Sorry , but this product is a terrible idea because it permanently opens your valves . That 's just asking for a leak to occur due to leaking seals , sun-cracked valve housing , etc.The in-tire pressure system may be expensive but at least it does n't cause a leak in your tires .
 I had the same leakage problem as Micah on two different sets . In both situations only one of the four caps had significant leakage , but in both cases it was bad enough to drop 10 psi in a week .
 These caps break very easily and once they 're broken they will completely drain your tire -LRB- s -RRB- because they need to hold the valve open to read the pressure . Totally self-defeating product.If you do buy these , stay out of the drive through car wash .
 Well , I had high hopes for this product , but they have failed miserably . I read the other reviews and figured I would still take chance on them . I was wrong . I have had them installed for 2 months or so . All this time , they have shown full green . They are the 32 psi models and I run my tires at 34 psi . I decided over the weekend to remove them and check my pressure to see if they were actually working . The first tire I checked with my digital gauge had a pressure of 22.5 psi . And the green was showing full before I removed the valve cap . I took them all off and tossed them in the trash . I will stick to the old fashioned way from now on .
 These valve caps -LRB- and others like them -RRB- will result in leakage that simultaneously create pressure problems while displaying visual false positives.Tire Pressure caps are a great idea but are not as sensitive as factory Tire Pressure Monitoring Systems and will eventually cause avoidable problems -LRB- as described by other reviewers here -RRB- . In short Tire Pressure Caps , as currently designed and conceived , are NOT ready for prime time . Save your money and your piece of mind .
 The manufacture is not indicated here , but the image displayed looks like the Legacy Mfg. Gas Saver Low Pressure Monitoring Valve Stem Caps I purchased at Wal-Mart . I did not purchase at Amazon , but potential purchasers should be alerted to the danger of these products . I installed these on Easter carefully following the package instructions for the 32 psi tires . I then drove approx . 30 minutes and my vehicle was parked for about an hour . When I returned to my vehicle 2 tires were flat . I had to spend Easter calling the Auto Club and waiting for emergency assistance to re-inflate the 2 tires . If I had not decided to go in the store , I would have been on the freeway with 2 deflating tires . This could have been a very dangerous situation . It is appalling that such a defective product can be sold to an unsuspecting public with the potential of endangering motorists and others . ABSOLUTELY DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!
 I bought set of them in Walmart and thought I got a useful little things . Not at all , I threw them away the same day . Reason ? They really bad calibrated . They supposed to work on cars with 32 psi tire pressure , and to show red when pressure going under 27 psi . So , I inflated all my tires exactly to 32 psi with electric inflator with built-in gauge , and only 1 of 4 caps showed me green color . One more was between red and green , and 2 were red , and I got them to be green only by inflating tires to 34 psi . So , you see , it 's useless . I do n't want to see red mark when my tires properly inflated or just a little bit underinflated . On the top of it in manual it was warning that you should replace them to usual aps before going to high-pressure car washing , and that cold emperature in the winter can affect their work . Seriously ? They did n't work even in normal circumstances , not talking about winter or car wash . Do n't even waste you money .
 I bought these for my 2007 matrix and had them on the car for about 2 months when I noticed one of the clear plastic caps was missing . It appears to have broken off the rest of the part and exposed the colored gauge . For the price it would n't buy these again .
 Although non-sealed or spillable batteries are supposed to be shipped dry , usually the battery acid is shipped along with the battery in a separate container . This battery was shipped dry -LRB- as expected -RRB- but the acid was not shipped at all . I have to buy the acid locally . Had the seller advertised as such , I could have made a more informed purchase decision and would have probably shopped elsewhere .
 Why not eat a vegetarian instead of a cow today ? Or better yet , you can eat a fellow cow eater and save TWO * cows ! -LRB- The cow that you would have eaten and the cow they would have eaten . -RRB- But if you 've run out of vegetarians to eat or simply do n't like cannibalism , here 's a radical idea
 It is the same mirror but does not fit the screws into the holes bad I think I want my money
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 The idea of these are great , and they do in fact work . However , if the cap is not completely tight , it will let all the air out of your tires ! I learned the hard way this weekend ! I had my oil changed/tires checked on Saturday . I drove home , went inside , came back out about 2 hours later and had 2 flats ! I had no idea why -LRB- figured I must have run over some debris on my way home -RRB- . Took off one tire and had my daughter drive me to the local tire shop . The guy immediately said he was sure he knew what the problem was , but said he wanted to check for a hole first . No hole . While the tire was still in the water , he showed me how the air leaks out if the cap is not tight . Since I had my tires checked about 2 hours earlier -LRB- at the oil change place -RRB- , that person did not screw my caps back on tight ! The local tire guy said they get this all the time . He suggested I trash them , which I was planning on doing anyway ! So , if you have these , be sure to make sure they are always screwed on tight .
 I purchased these in March 2010 and installed them with ease . Now in June 2012 they cracked right next to a weld . I called their customer service to get a replacement and was told because I purchased them on Amazon that they will not cover the defect under warranty . I thought they would be a good product and last a long time but they did not and their customer service is not good at all . I would not recommend someone else wasting over $ 400 like I have .
 Bought this header from Amazon using information I gained from the Bank 's product information page . The picture for the product on their page was incorrect and the product description was n't clear either . This part can only be used on the 2000-2001 Cherokee and will not fit earlier models without major exhaust modification . The correct Bank 's part for the 91-99 Cherokee is 51304 . I gained this information not after talking to Banks but after doing my own research . When I contacted the Bank 's customer service line after my purchase , I was told that because I did n't buy it directly from them it was not their problem and they were n't interested in discussing it with me ! So I am now returning the header and needless to say I will not be buying another Bank 's product . My main concern being the fact that the reason I spent almost double the cash on the Banks header was for the lifetime warranty . After dealing with them just trying to get a part number , I can imagine how hard it would be trying to get a replacement header if it breaks !!! It 's a shame because the product I received was a decent looking header even though it was not the correct part for my year XJ . I will now be buying my header from another company .
 Just an alert . I purchased a top-of-the-line Exide battery two years ago . The first one failed , and was replaced by NTB . That in turn failed , and since NTB had dropped Exide , Exide `` customer service '' told me to select a similar battery and submit the receipt and manufacturing number for reimbusement.Only now , Exide refuses to refund my purchase price -- far less than the original Exide battery -- even though the Exide battery had a 36-month free replacement guarantee.Steer clear .
 In April 2011 I bought a standby generator for my house and it came with an Exide Classic 26R-60 battery from the generator factory . In May 2012 , the battery charge is dropping too low , gives a warning on the generator , and barely can start the engine . I definitely would not recommend this battery .
 this stuff smells bad , I had to open the garage because i could not stand how bad it smells . This product is soso , I would not recommend it . it also does ` nt change color once sprayed on part , it just becomes glazed . not satisfied at all . .
 Maybe I did n't understand the title correctly , but I only got the bearings them self . When I opened the package , I noticed that the Inner diameter and the radius to the face of the bearing casing had a lot of porosity . This would take some/a lot of the structural integrity away from the bearing . These were not just tiny bits they were at least half way thru the material and 2 sport over a inch in size . As far as the price if all I was supposed to receive is the bearing this is by far not the cheapest way to go and I could get a lot better quality from another vender .
 Does not mate up cleanly to the Barebones solo seat on my 2002 Dyna Lowrider . This pillon is okay , just not a real good fit . Also , the rear attachment to the fender is a little sloppy looking , probably due to the pillon being designed to fit so many bikes . It is not easy to see what it will look like without installing it . Powersport Superstore would not allow a return after the seat is installed , because it looks used .
 It worked about 3 times but then fell apart . The case came open and a wire came disconnected .
 I purchased this prior to a trip to ward off the Florida love bugs . It only came with two hooks so I bought four more for a total of six hooks . I followed the instructions to a T. I found that for my Infiniti G35 it was a snug fit -LRB- which was a good thing to me -RRB- but the first bit of pulling taut , the screen began to pull away from the trim . Not good so I stopped.Headed out on the highway to much flapping and at the 3.6 mile mark - it blew completely off and over the hood . I could n't go wrong with six hooks but because I could n't make it a snug fit , too much air got under it . All I can say is that IF it fits your car perfectly snug with NO pulling AND you buy four more hooks , it might work for you . Did n't for me .
 The mirror was supposed to be a direct fit , but it turned out to be anything but . I had to go to a body shop who ended up swap parts from the old mirror to the new in order to get it to fit in the door cavity , and also use new self-tapping screws to anchor it properly to the door . They also had to heat up the plastic and bend it so that there would be no gap between the mirror and the door panel .
 The mirror was supposed to be a direct fit , but it turned out to be anything but . I had to go to a body shop who ended up swap parts from the old mirror to the new in order to get it to fit in the door cavity , and also use new self-tapping screws to anchor it properly to the door . They also had to heat up the plastic and bend it so that there would be no gap between the mirror and the door panel .
 These claim to be for a 1990-1997 Miata . They are n't . They do n't even come close to lining up right . They 're a cheap generic flap that look and feel it . Do not buy these ! Plus , there 's only 2 , not 4 .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 I bought several of these and sprayed my travel trailer , let it soak and brushed it - and it pretty much did nothing . I ended up at the RV dealer paying $ 65 for another product that did work but only if I super concentrated it above what they recommended . maybe it would work if your steaks are newer but I bought my RV from someone so maybe they have n't cleaned it in awhile , so that could be why it did n't work . If you have a lot of streaks and they have been there awhile , I do n't think this is the product for you . Its just not strong enough , do what I did and get a concentrate cleaner , add hot water , and put in a few times more then they say to dilute it until it starts to work .
 I expected a lot more for the price . I figured I would give it a try since I have used Meguiars on my cars and the polishes have always been good . To be blunt , the stuff I eventually made for about $ 1.25 worked better . The spray bottle was .99 of that . You can easily make better cleaners with household chemicals for far , far less . I 'm not going to give a recipe here but it 's easy , cheap and works better . I was looking for a silver bullet and we all know that 's a myth .
 i had to return thease mats because they slid around , and the drivers side stops before the gas pedal , the pictures show them covering the whole floor , they do not , i needed mats that cover the whole floor on the drivers side so i got the huskys soo much better and safer
 I thought these would be at least a little thicker than CONSTRUCTION PAPER ! They ca n't be left on the vehicle in the wither because they can `` crack in the cold '' ?!?! The mounting pads remain on the vehicle , but without the louver -LRB- very pretty -RRB- . Forget about going through a car wash with them on . SUPER CHEAP !
 I saw that this auto organizer was well reviewed and decided to pick it up . I just bought a new car and wanted to avoid the sprawl that had taken over the glove box of my last one . In particular I wanted something I could stuff a couple of pens into so that I 'm not hunting around for them at inopportune times.The organizer showed up and I was immediately disappointed . It certainly is not worth the $ 12 asking price . It is basically a very thin/cheap vinyl surround with a few pockets and an extremely flimsy feel.In fact , it is almost impossible to zip it or unzip it with one hand -LRB- if it 's lying on the passenger seat , etc -RRB- as it is so flimsy that the entire zipper flops around . I actually have a smaller organizer from Expedia that is much better -LRB- and it was a freebie -RRB- but it 's a little to small to hold the things I need . If it was I would 86 this thing in a minute .
 I returned for the worst ride ive felt . You felt evey pebble in the road . Jars your body inside truck enough to make highway use unsafe . Good for Towing !
 I 'm a heavy smoker and bought an ivory-colored pebbled leather purse just under a year ago . I hang it over the chair in the kitchen where I smoke , take it with me in the car when I drive , so obviously it ` yellows ' pretty quickly with cigarette tar . I bought a case of this stuff at the same time , figuring I could keep it clean , but I encountered a number of problems with this cleaner.For one thing , the instructions tell you to spray it onto a clean cloth , working it into a low lather . Maybe it would have worked differently had I not been working with ` pebbled ' leather , but I had a hell of a time getting it to lather anywhere . It seemed to absorb right into the pebbled leather before it had any hope of lathering , either that , or it simply evaporated on me instantly . Even the second time around , when the leather was pretty saturated with the cleaner from the first round , it still would n't lather up for me no matter how much I sprayed on the cloth . I even tried spraying it directly onto the purse - still nothing . It seemed to have the consistency of Windex , and I guess I was expecting the cleaner to have a more ` oily ' texture to it - after all , this is leather I 'm cleaning , not windows.I 'm also disappointed in the end result . This cleaner did n't even budge black marks on the bottom of the purse . And though it seemed to remove some of the yellowing , a good bit of it still remains , especially on the purse straps . I question whether it actually removed ANY of the yellowing because the cloth I was using was n't even slightly discolored . It almost seems as if the yellowing just absorbed deeper into the grain of the leather and never was removed.Bottom line , I will probably look into an alternative next time around . Perhaps Murphey 's Oil Soap . Regular cleaners never touch the tar on my kitchen walls , but Murphey 's Oil melts it away on contact .
 will fit with modification . my 99 ranger xlt . bolts wont line up with out grinding bace to match old ones .
 Returned for riding to hard and reboundy . Not better than OEM worse . Bought cheap Monroematic plus and rides normal now . Also had bought Gabriel Utra Truck shock and it was worse than sensatrac Go cheap and u will get the OEM ride you expect .
 First the good
 Bought to clean up excess oil when I lubricate my motorcycle chain . I used full strength , two times , and was very disappointed with the results . I then grabbed my bottle of Simple Green , which resulted in much better overall results . Not perfect but considerably better ! My wife is a lot happier too , was n't to happy with the oil stains on our driveway . -LRB- They are almost gone -RRB-
 I DO NOT Recomend ordering from this company.I placed my order on 1/14/2010 . I was told that I would receive item between 1/21/2010 and 1/26/2010 . I placed a negitive review on this item , I then recieved phone calls from Peter -LRB- 877-221-0514 -RRB- option # 4 He said they were sorry for the delay and wanted to refund the shipping cost -LRB- $ 12.99 -RRB- which is insane for a 1 lb . plastic part!He said this could only be done if I removed my negitive review , so I did remove my negitive review on about 2/2/2010 . I finally recieved my part on 2/4/2010 . It is now 3/10/2010 I tried to call today ... no return call . I have not recieved any refund ... I do n't like being lied to !!! Peter told me that they recieved over 5 feet of snow -LRB- in california -RRB- this is why my part was delayed . That is odd because I also ordered the passenger side lens at the same time and recieved it in about a week.Larry L IR , Mi .
 I purchased this for my 2002 GMC Sierra . As stated in another review the bolt used to secure the lock did n't fit . I modified the hole and made the bolt fit and the lock still did n't work because the levers that hold the latch system did not line up correctly . I am really disappointed in this product and I would not recommend buying it.In the end I 'm out about $ 20 for this item . I paid $ 27.95 to purchase . Paid $ 10 to ship it back and got a $ 20 rebate . so I 'm out $ 17 on what should have been a $ 20 purchase . Next time I 'll go to a local vendor for something like this . I would n't have lost any money .
 I purchased this item , hoping it would be easy to install . The instructions were simple ; however , the bolt that came with the lock did n't fit . The threaded hole was too small for the bolt and it was not worth returning to the seller .
 Bought this lock for my 2006 Silverado . Installed no problem but then the issues started . Internally in the lock there is a plasctic flap in the key hole which is very cheap . Was not long before you could not even install the key in the hole due to it sticking . After using some graphite dust I could then get the key in and make it work again . Now I can put the key in but the lock itself will not turn . So now I have a locked tailgate with a locked tonneau cover and no way to get into it . Unless you want to end up screwed like me I would avoid this lock and get something of better quality . Sure wish I did . Maybe after I drill it out and beat the heck out of it trying to get it off my truck I will return it for a refund .
 I have a 2003 trailblazer and purchased this products as front Shocks absorbers . It was my first time purchasing fronts shocks for any vehicle so i had no ideal what they looked like . I made SURE that the description said FRONT SHOCKS and that it was good for a 2003 trailblazer . I verified this a few times before placing my order , because i did not want to order the wrong part . The product arrive quickly , withing a few days as promised . I reviewed the parts and everything looked good , the packing slip started FRONTS SHOCKS absorbers . However , a few days later I went to the mechanic to have them installed , the mechanic tells me that i purchased REAR Shocks , not Front Shocks . I told him he was mistaken and showed him the packing slip indicating Front Shocks . He proved me wrong by showing me what Front and Rear shocks looked like side by side . I felt cheater and felt foolish in front of my mechanic . I tried to return the product but it was a hassle . I still have them and am very upset about this purchase because these are not good REAR shocks for light SUV , so they are of no use to me .
 If you like the way it looks then get it ; otherwise do n't bother . I have had this installed on my car for three seasons now and it has not helped lower the temp at all . I measure the intake temp on my car via a custom electronic gauge that accesses the VW system on my car and with or without this product my intake temp at the manifold is 10 degrees less than ambient temperature . Plain and simple there is no temperature reduction using this product and I have measured it multiple times with and without it . In fact , in the colder winter temps this actually had an increased temp over winter temps without it since the cold outside air moving through the compartment was not allowed to contact and cool the tube .
 While it is possible to get some power gains by insulating your intake tube -LRB- that is , only if the tube is being subject to large amounts of heat -RRB- , it is just impossible to get `` 100 HP '' gain and `` 50 MPG '' fuel consumption . Such remarks would just come from someone who works for the company and is trying to sell the product . If these gains were true , all the companies selling the high end performance mods would go out of business with people buying this product . A built as mentioned on the previous post would imply this person having an intake attached to a turbo , which will get hot regardless unless you have an intercooler for the air to get colder , denser and therefore , providing more power to your car .
 I bought but returned after discovering that the price paid did not include a core deposit . Normally about $ 50 , this meant my $ 100 + was essentially double that of a remanufactured caliper , a poor deal indeed . There may be other listings that DO include the core refund , but do n't know how you can tell until the order is delivered and you see zero or an amount for core value .
 Color did not match car interior and was different than photo . Stitching the wheel would take a very long time .
 A PLAY ON WORDS!I bought the lights thinking I was going to mount them flush to my boat trailer frame . When they arrived , I was elated with the chrome and workmanship of the lights . Much to my surprise however , was an accompanying cord , with plug , to be inserted into the back of the lights . After plugging it in to mount on the frame , two things became apparant . 1 . The lights would not fit flush because the plug protrudes from the back of it keeping it about a half inch away from the frame . 2 . The plug , after being inserted , has an exposed portion of metal that will be eaten up by the saltwater , it will be immersed in at launching . I wish I had more information about the lights before purchasing them . In sum , While anything can be submersible , everything ca n't be waterproof ... ~
 This is a listing for Fiberglass cloth . If I am buying cloth to do a repair job I 'd like to know how big is this piece of cloth ? Not how big is the box / package it comes in . Fortunately examining the photo gives some clue that its 8 square feet of cloth . So is that 2 ft by 4 ft ? or 1 ft by 8ft ? or is it 34 inches by 34 inches ? Or is it random pieces that total 8 sq ft ?
 i tried it on my 99 ford taurus . i flushed the system and refilled with k & w block seal and water . i even took the thermostat out so it could circulate better . i let it sit for 24 hours to dry and refilled with coolant . symptoms came back the same day . what a waste of time and money . these stop leak products should be better regulated . how can they get away with using the words '' repairs gaskets permanently '' on their can ?
 Bought cover for my cherry 99 Acura Integra coupe to cover it while I was on 6 week trip to Asia . Car was parked outside.When I pulled the cover off upon return , it looked like a very fine sandpaper had buffed part of my clear coat in many areas.I would never buy this cover if you value your car finish .
 This was a used part packaged as a new part . Not good business practice . Be careful if you buy from Auto Parts 123 . Make sure you pull the part completely out of the box and fully inspect it before your 30 days is up . I tried to get the company on the phone . Impossible . They do not answer your e-mails either . Just be aware of who you are dealing with . They might have a good price for the stuff , but buyer take note . They do ship used parts in lieu of new . I have one to prove it .
 Product details stated specifically formulated so it will not have strong smell of rubber . Not true !!!! Smelled bad when I pulled it from box and the smell transferred to my hands . Soaking in hot soapy water right now , if that does not help will be shipping back . Would make your whole car smell like rubber on a hot summer day .
 It is a well constructed , quality product . Unfortunately , it is made with natural latex rubber , which can be a serious problem for those of us with latex allergies . If you have ever experienced hand itching and / or pain after wearing rubber gloves , or have food allergies , or any other sensitivities , DO NOT USE this , or a similar , product . The more you do , the worse the problem will get , until it eventually becomes life threatening .
 I have a grant gt steering wheel that 's 14 '' and this cover starts at 14.5 '' . I 'll have to wait until I get another car to see how it feels .
 Hello Everyone , I ordered this product for my 2007 Tacoma Truck and it fits great HOWEVER , I wonder just how long the inlaid pattern of Tazz is going to last . My biggest fear is that a couple of really hot days is going to find Tazz peeling off the wheel cover , and that will have me on the hunt for yet another cover.If you live in a cooler climate your results might be better than mine but for now , I 'm not holding my breath . -LRB- I should have known nothing could contain the Tazz within -RRB- -LRB- LOL -RRB- Ciao !
 I bought the gloves for a 1000 mile trip anticipating rain . I normally use my leather gloves with wax coating on them -LRB- old School -RRB- , works great looks bad . I wanted to try something better but was disappointed . Ten minutes into the rain , 60 mph , medium rain and they started to leak at the pinky fingers . Forty five minutes into the rain and everything is dry but my hands . When I removed the gloves , the liner stuck to my hands pulling the liner inside out from the glove shell . That made it impossible to to use the gloves until they were dry and I could stuff the liner back in . I did get a good price for the gloves but they are not good in the wet , I will have them as a backup for my old school gloves .
 Replaced my front brakes today . I had hoped that this kit would be a reasonable fit for my 1997 Acura CL 3.0 Unfortunately , the pad support clips are stamped with just the wrong draft angles such that they do n't allow the `` ears '' of the brake pad plates to slide properly . Also , the metal has a bright finish and not the anti-corrosion plating that the stock clips have.These parts CAN be bent and adjusted in order to work , but it just is n't worth the cost savings . I chose to clean and reuse the existing stock clips rather than make these work .
 I ride a 2006 V-rod VRSCA . I 'm 5 ' -11 '' tall with a normal torso to leg length ratio and this shield is too short . The wind hits me right in the forehead . By my estimate , it needs to be 3 '' taller . When trying to decide the size of your shield you must take into account the rake angle that the shield will be mounted at . Memphis Shades stated the size of the shield as 19 '' above the headlight , but that is n't actually true . The rake angle of the shield substantially reduces the height above the headlight . Unless , you are like 5 ' -8 '' tall , get a bigger shield .
 Ridiculously thin leather , weak stitching . If you 're going to shell out $ 50 for a pair of leather armored riding gloves , it would be nice to get a pair that might have a reasonable chance of protecting your hands in an accident.These are not that pair of gloves .
 good material , but hands turn black after wearing gloves . you know how when u wear cheap gloves your whole hand is black afterwards ? well thats exactly the case with these .
 Installation easy - within 20 min . But after 3 wks . noticed binding at attachment to hood . Crack developed -- and returned for refund . I own 2005 suburban and did n't fit w/o bind . Avoid .
 It was too hard to install not very universal as stated on the ad and wish it would 've been easy to put in . Thanks
 The filter mount that I received has a hairline crack in the casting . I had installed it a while back under the truck on the supply line going from the transmission to the radiator and apparently it had a slow leak from the crack because I never saw drips under the truck in the driveway . However , 8000 miles and 3 months after installation I was 2.5 quarts low and my transmission was running much hotter than normal . I got under there with a flashlight and found a small leak on the top of the housing that was letting just a little oil out at a time when it was under pressure . Even after spraying the housing with brake cleaner to clean it up and taking a good look at it I can barely see the crack.Needless to say I 'm replacing it with a different brand . I love the concept of auxilliary spin-on filters , but in this case a quality issue sullied my experience .
 The part they sent was not the right size for my 1997 Honda Accord , Before I could put it in the return window lapsed . Now I am stuck , do not believe it fits your car .
 Wires come unassembled so be prepared to spend a lot of time putting these together and hope you have the proper crimping tools or you are simply up the creek !!!
 I bought these from Amazon.com LLC . It only came with four of the six clips you need . Amazon only has a return option , not a contact seller option like every one else . I already have them installed ... . Amazon , that sucks . Would be 4 stars if I didnt have to jam my finger through the windows to move the visor so the window will close .
 I knew buying a cheap one would be a gamble and i lost . I got this one for my dodge charger . you have to wedge a piece of plastic between the window and the the item itself which i did n't like doing but OK i did it . then i find out that this one is attached using double sided tape i still try it even though now i was having my doubts . i put it in the window correctly and roll up the window a few times and then roll it down . 5 . . 4 . . 3 . . 2 . . 1 . . it fell out . i returned it promptly ! find one that clicks in instead of glues in !
 I DO N'T HAVE A PROBLEM WITH THE NET ITSELF . IT 'S FINE QUALITY FOR THE PRICE YOU PAY ... FOR THE ITEM . THE SHIPPING , ON THE OTHER HAND , IS A WHOLE DIFFERENT STORY . THE STANDARD SHIPPING PRICE IS $ 7.95 . THERE WAS AN OPTION TO HAVE THIS NET SHIPPED WITHIN 1-3 DAYS IF I PAID $ 24.95 FOR THE EXPEDITED SHIPPING . I ORDERED THIS ON FEB. 11TH & WAS PLANNING TO GIVE IT AS A VALENTINE 'S DAY GIFT . IN ORDER TO HAVE IT HERE BY VALENTINE 'S DAY , I DECIDED TO PAY THE MASSIVE SHIPPING CHARGES -LRB- I CALL IT MASSIVE BECAUSE IT WAS MORE THAN I PAID FOR THE NET @ $ 22.95 -RRB- IN ORDER TO HAVE IT HERE FOR THE HOLIDAY . THEIR 1-3 DAYS TURNED INTO 6 !!! I DID N'T RECEIVE THE NET UNTIL YESTERDAY ... 3 DAYS AFTER VALENTINE 'S DAY . TO SAY I AM DISAPPOINTED WOULD BE AN UNDERSTATEMENT . I DO NOT RECOMMEND BUYING ANYTHING FROM THIS SUPPLIER . IF YOU MUST BUY THIS NET , THERE ARE MANY OTHER SUPPLIERS YOU CAN BUY IT FROM . AGAIN , WHAT A RIP-OFF IN SHIPPING . NOT JUST MIS-LEADING , BUT OUT-RIGHT LYING ABOUT THE SHIPPING TIMES .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 Please do n't waste your time on this product anymore ! Everytime I got my hopes up high , the product has too many different horrible scents ... used to be the BEST !!!!!
 If this is what new cars smell like , I would not buy one . The scent is not like anything I have come across , the closest way to describe is that it smells like an electrical transformer burned out .
 Looks like you are getting more than you really get ... . If you shop around you will find this stuff a whole lot cheaper .
 Got this for my 2000 mustang v6 when it arrived it was for a 1994 to 1998 mustang v6 . Which the year was not advertised properly . When will they get their s *** together .
 The rear window does not curve all the way , it is just a straight bar . Completely not depicted in the picture .
 This product is the cheapest available of it 's kind -LRB- as of the time of this review -RRB- . You should seriously consider a more expensive model if you do n't want to be disappointed with the quality . The key pad does n't light up ; it only glows in the dark and it does n't glow very well at all . The lock I bought did n't even work after I installed it . The brass finish is easily scratched . If you do buy it , test it before you install it . I would suggest that you buy a model that has mechanical buttons and a mechanical dead bolt handle . After all , if you have a hand free to push the buttons you can turn the dead bolt and you will not have to worry about replacing batteries . My church has a mechanical one and it works great .
 I bought one 4 month ago and it is broken right now . I am looking for a heavy duty one .
 This is a knock off of the PowerBolt device , in fact if you look at the circuit boards they are almost identical , but not quite . After I spent hours drilling holes and mounting the hardware , when I went to program it , it did n't work . I could n't enter the codes , and the buttons did n't all beep when pressed.I was n't sure if it was me or the product so I began the arduous task of trying get support . FORGET IT ! You will not get support from anyone , not Amazon , not Jobar Intl. . You are completely on your own if you buy this.Sooo , what to do ? Because I have some electronics experience I discovered that the key pad was the problem . I disassembled it and found that most of the membrane keys were making contact all the time , and therefore confusing the circuitry . I had to build a spacer between the membrane to keep the keys from contacting until pressed . Once I did that it worked great!It 's up to you . If it arrives in working order , it 's a good product . The flap over the key lock is cheap and loose , but a little velcro keeps it flat.You get what you pay for ... G
 I bought one of these and I was so excited . I ran the car up on the lift to let the gaskets burn in , I tightened everything down again and they leaked 2 days later . The flange where it meets up with the mid-pipes has studs , the studs do not have a socket adapter on the end to run them in tight . When you install them there is a bolt that will not go in because the tube is in the way , it should be slotted to slide it on . I finally put a tubular k-member in my mustang so every time the headers leak I can work it without pulling my engine .
 the first couple of days the charger worked fine . now it doens ' t work properly , nothing should fail so quickly after purchase , a definite do not buy .
 I suppose I could have just received one that missed QC check , however , as most chromed items of this particular brand the chrome started bubbling and chipping within a couple months .
 Hi . I want to buy it , i ca n't see it , though ! Where is the photo of the product ?
 Advertised as 70mm is actually 65mm . Two version of the same part number have been produced by BBK , which means , they suck also .
 I purchase a trailer hitch from Curt for my 2000 Dodge Dakota . They sent me a hitch that fit a Toyota Sianna . I sent it back and never got Credit for it . They stole my money and the return shipping charge for the trailer hitch .
 It would be a great unit if it worked , and it does in Celsius . Set to Fahrenheit , the difference -LRB- from a reference temperature -RRB- is off by 32 degrees . Since F = -LRB- 9/5 -RRB- * C + 32 , it looks like either the firmware or a memory location is defective . I e-mailed ATD , and they e-mailed their Chinese supplier . They say the units are OK , so it looks like a Quality Assurance failure . I offered to send the unit to them , but they suggested I return it to the people who sold it to me.I 'm returning the unit for replacement . If the new unit works , my review will improve . _____________________ Got a replacement unit , same problem . Celsius works perfectly , but in Fahrenheit the unit thinks the difference between 70 degrees and 70 degrees is 32 degrees.If ATD did quality assurance and fixed a few lines of embedded code , the unit would be first rate .
 I bought these to replace old wiper blades on my Sportstrac . They installed easily . About two weeks after they installed the end of one of the blades popped away from the windshield causing it to miss about a 6 '' path . I was able to lift the blade and drop it back onto the windshield which caused it to form to the windshield again . A few days later it happened again while I was driving . I 've also driven with these blades in subfreezing temperatures and they easily build up with ice causing them to be completely ineffective . During one 300 + mile trip I had to stop three times to break off the buildup of ice . I 've never had any of these issues with other wiper blades . I wont buy them again .
 Not a very good set of wiper blades . They actually fell apart and scratched my windshield . .
 It is the exact size but half the wiper suspends in the air , and very filmsy attachment . Went to the dealer and got a refill for the original wiper .
 the plastic connector that attaches this wiper blade to the wiper arm is too weak . when i turn on the wipers , these blades flip on their side . waste of money
 I purchase a trailer hitch from Curt for my 2000 Dodge Dakota . They sent me a hitch that fit a Toyota Sianna . I sent it back and never got Credit for it . They stole my money and the return shipping charge for the trailer hitch .
 When I was in the automotive business , I used Trico wipers regularly , and as I recall , they were good quality . These seemed to be decent quality , but not nearly the quality of the original equipment wipers on my Chevy Lumina.They definitely were NOT an exact fit for my car . They were close and probably would have worked ok . However , when I installed them , part of the retaining clip that secures the wiper blade on the arm broke . It seemed like it might hold on ok with part of the retaining clip secure , but then I thought about the wiper flying off my car at 65 MPH in a rain storm . So I returned both of them and went to the dealer , yes the dreaded dealer , to buy an original set , which turned out to be only $ 1.00 -LRB- one dollar -RRB- more expensive than the Tricos.So , my recommendation is to check with the dealer on price before ordering these and then make a decision on which to buy .
 Look very much like the OEM ones I took off of my Honda , easy to put on ! I got them on in about 5 minutes and it was getting dark out side ! Trico does not make bold claims , they just make a decent wiper and the one thing I really like is it comes just with the adapter for your car 's mount instead of a mess of adapters for a lot of different vehicles . For this reason alone , I will keep buying these . Also , easy to get into the package and nicely packed.update January 2013 , do not buy these , I hd to replace them in less than 3 months , the mechanism that holds them to the main wiper is flimsy and driver side one broke this morning .
 I like the `` winter '' feature of these wipers . They are covered so snow and ice ca n't get into the bow . However , like most wipers in my experience , they wore out fast and had to be replaced by the end of the season . I continue to look for more durable wipers . Perhaps , it is the nature of the industry that you have to replace wipers twice a year .
 30 days and 1 winter storm and these things are shot . I 'll be getting normal blades for double their value locally because these things ca n't hold up to a very mild Minnesota winter .
 I bought this because I wanted a blade that looked just like the OEM one . What 's the point of a connector that looks identical if the blade looks different ? All compatible blades have a connector that looks correct . My original blade had a slotted vented appearance , while this one did not . That might not be a big deal , except the other Exact Fit blade -LRB- different length -RRB- I got bought at the same time for the same car did not look like this one . Many vehicles like mine use two different length blades . Getting blades that do n't match each other is not what I expected from the description . Blades might even react differently to wind based on the absence or presence of holes.I ended up getting theTrico 16-240 NeoForm Wiper Blade with Tefloninstead . It 's not touted as an exact fit , but it matched the OEM blade very closely in appearance . The two blades of that model matched each other 's appearance too . It installed in seconds , and came with extra fittings just in case it did not have the exact connector by default . The fitting did not look exactly like the OEM one , but functioned exactly like it . I 'd rather have a blade that looks identical than a fitting that looks identical -LRB- but ca n't be seen once installed . -RRB- Another minor quibble is that the Exact Fit blade was not the exact length of the OEM . It would not have made a difference , but the name implies that this blade is much closer to what I expected than it was . The only thing that Exact Fit means is that you can be sure that the default -LRB- and only -RRB- connector will not need to be snapped off and replaced . With other brands , you will get additional connectors that snap on and off in seconds so the blade could be adapted to any arm . If you consider that a challenge , you might consider changing any blade a challenge.The other blade is better , and close enough in price that I ca n't see the point of getting this one .
 The fitment guide for this part is incorrect . It does NOT fit any 1987-1989 Mercury Tracers . This part has a 26 outboard splines , while the 87-89 Tracer -LRB- a captive import version of the Mazda 323 -RRB- has 24 . Do n't buy this part if you have an 87-89 Tracer !
 Bought this product , installed , an left on a winter cross country trip . In Kansas hit snow and sleet , wipers were nonfunctional , rubber froze in strange configuration and did not work . Fortunately had brought my old blades , changed an went on my way . Really poor !!!
 It is actually amazing how horrible this mirror is . Really . Should be a simple product , right ? What 's wrong with it ? Well , fit , optical quality , and stability
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 I bought this and the companion smaller blade for my 2010 Corolla . I should have just taken my money out of my wallet and thrown it away . These were absolutely worthless . After a few days of use , the wiper would n't `` flip over '' to the opposite side when clearing my windshield . Two wipes lead to one smear . As if that was n't bad enough , not all of the blade 's edge made contact with the window . When I cycled through a spray and wipe , there was windshield washer fluid in big unwiped splotch on the window 's bottom edge . Save your money , do n't buy these wipers !
 These blades did not clean my windshield , they only smeared the muck . These are so bad I think they should pulled off the market as a safety concern .
 This wiper made the windshield so smeary , I could hardly see to drive . It was like there was oil all over the window . I went home and cleaned it with several products , but nothing worked . I had to go to the store to buy another brand so I could drive safely .
 I 've had this blade on my driver 's side wiper for about a week . I cleaned it thoroughly when I put it on . This morning is the first time it 's been necessary to turn my wipers on . It COMPLETELY smears and blurs the windshield . I could not see a thing -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- . I 'm lucky that I made it to work safely . I 've always used the Trico winter blades without the teflon and they 're fantastic , but I mistakenly thought this addition of teflon must be a good thing . I could not have been more wrong .
 After have this wiper for six months it is not performing very well . It chatters and does not clean the window very well in cold weather . I would not recommend this wiper .
 First off , Accel has always made a quality product . That being said , I ordered a set of 8179 U Groove plugs for my 351windsor motor . When I opened the 8 pack box of Accel U Groove plugs to find 2 smaller , 4 packs of 0576 standard copper -LRB- not u groove at all -RRB- I was a bit taken back . No yellow insulator , no U Groove design ... just plain old copper core white insulator plugs ... not even the silver tip racing type which also has a white insulator . After calling Accel directly to find out the deal i was informed that they no longer make the U groove ... -LRB- which is odd , cause they have it on their website , but ok -RRB- and needed to use up the packaging for the U Groove plugs so they just started putting standard copper plugs in the U Groove packaging . WTF ! Really ... I mean their copper plug is still a very good plug , but not a U Groove . I am shocked that such a big corporation such as Accel would &#34; bait and switch &#34; their customers to save on some packing materials.Buyer beware ... what you see on the box , is not what you will recieve . I have used their products for over 20 years , but I will never buy a product of theirs again after this . If I cant trust that the packaging tells me whats in the box ... how will I ever know what im buying from them .
 On my Nissan Maxima this blade misses a large section of the windscreen at the end of the blade , even when there is no snow or ice . I would not recommend these blades to anyone .
 The description suggested this would stand up to Michigan winter weather . Unfortunately , it is inflexible and leaves a big blob right in the middle . Some might even call this blade dangerous .
 thought i was getting a deal but wipers didnt really do thier job . would leave streaks and not hit the window completly unless the defrost was on high and the windows were warmed up . passanger side was better but still not what youd expect . Have a toyota corolla 2010
 I often prefer to shop with Amazon when compared to other online alternatives , however for this item , I was quite disappointed that Amazon does not include an adequate description of the item . Specifically it is difficult to confirm exactly what is included with this purchase because the generic description provided for both the front and back seats . Since I wanted to only purchase front seats , it was too difficult to confirm which one to purchase , so I found it elsewhere online . Too bad , Amazon missed out on my business this time . The lack of a phone number to call and confirm product details also does not bode well for Amazon .
 Do n't waste your money on this bracket and have to pay shipping when . It does n't even come with the screws to mount it with so you either have to go buy some or find old screws out of your garage or somewhere . Go to Wal-Mart and spend about $ 3 and get a bracket that will fit almost any car and actually comes with mounting hardware .
 Purchased this item for my son for Christmas . Once we got to uncrated it , putting oil in the engine and fuel in the gas tank , the pull starter would not move more than 2-3 inches . The automatic clutch was engaged so the engine could not be started . So here I was with my kid 's Christmas present defective right out of the box . Attempting to contact the company is a joke , they take 2 days to respond to any e-mails and then after providing EXACTLY what they asked for in a return e-mail it took them 11 days to respond to a bona fide warranty claim for an obviously TOTALLY DEFECTIVE NEW PRODUCT . Suffice to say , I notified Amazon and they saw to it that the minibike was accepted for return . Great except I had to spend 2-3 hours crating the unit up and taking back to the trucking company 20 miles away . This is not an acceptable way to conduct business and anyone who is considering this company , Baja Motorsports needs to be warned about their lack of support !!!!!
 We bought a Baja shifter at Pep Boys for Christmas 2007 . The very first time the kids used it , we noticed a bump with every revolution of the chain drive . Turns out that the master link would catch every time it passed one of the internal parts . We moved the chain over three teeth on the sprocket and it fixed that problem.THEN -LRB- the same day -RRB- the vehicle shredded a coupling and there was hardly any acceleration . We put the thing up for the day and tried to call Pep Boys about trading out the go cart since it was BRAND NEW . They refused to even talk to us and said we had to go through Baja Motorsports ' warranty program . Keep in mind , this is CHRISTMAS and no one is around to answer phones ! The warranty program , like most others , requires that you go through THEIR shops at YOUR inconvenience.We wanted the kids to enjoy their Christmas gift and opted to eat the money of having it repaired on our own . It cost us $ 900 to purchase , and then $ 250 in repairs later , it turned out that the torque converter was bad `` right out of the box . '' Our local small engine shop was able to make a match to replace the converter but then a week later the belt broke ! Because the factory converter was bad , it did damage to the original belt . We hoped to get some life out of it , but to no avail . Tack on another $ 65 for a new belt.Did I mention that one of the front control arms broke too ? It still steers but if you cut the wheel too tightly , it might bust the front tire off . The back left axle completely fell off the wheel assembly . Thankfully , it was n't broken , but had just worked its way loose -LRB- twice -RRB- . We honestly had considered buying a more expensive , reputable brand , but figured `` how much wear-n-tear could a couple of kids make on this vehicle ? '' We could buy two Baja Shifters for the price of one name-brand . BUT ... in retrospect , all the headaches were n't worth the cheaper price.Now that we have it tuned up and repaired -LRB- after only 4 months -RRB- it runs ok ... but long story short ... do n't buy this vehicle unless you are a handyman and enjoy spending -LRB- lots of -RRB- money to fix BRAND NEW things . Even though $ 1000 is no small amount of money , you get what you pay for . We should have listened to our gut and to Consumer Reports on this one . We had better luck with a Chinese-made ATV we bought off the internet !!!! DO YOUR HOMEWORK ! Most reviews on this company are overwhelmingly adverse ... it 's not just one or two of us with an unusual experience ... this is the NORM for their products .
 Could not get it to lock . Had to use the key to lock it . Requested a replacement and when received it was also defective .
 Like other reviews , this cap does not easily come off . The problem I see is that the key does not fully turn 1/4 for the cap to come off . You need to force the key to turn 1/4 and hold the key with two fingers and use other hand to turn the cap . I guess you just have to get use to this . I wish some other company makes better locking cap . The cap states made in USA . What ever happened to USA quality ?
 The item I received was not the same as pictured in the description . It does not have the orange base nor the grove to accommodate the the cap tether as the one pictured does.I was issued a refund and a prepaid RA label and told if I ordered again I would receive the correct cap . Problem is , I would have to pay shipping on the new order -LRB- I ordered the first one with other items for free shipping -RRB- . Amazon should waive the shipping on replacement items when they ship the wrong item . I 've always had a good shopping experience with Amazon in the past , but I guess everyone hits a foul ball now and then .
 I bought this for my Ford Ranger . The gas cap goes on fairly smooth ... but getting it off usually is a struggle ? I do n't know why , just turn key to unlock and turn cap to the left and remove . Sometimes no problems ... sometimes alot of problems . My wife has given up on it and I had to put the old non locking OEM back on . I do n't know if I have a bad cap , but I sure do n't want to get it stuck on and not be able to refuel ??
 This gas cap is n't made well enough to fall from the top of a gas pump station . I 'm on my second one , because when it fell , the handle broke in half . No handle , no good . So be careful not to drop it , especially in cold weather . It 's made of a cheap plastic . You do n't expect a gas cap to break , even when it 's dropped . If you can find one made of metal , it would be worth the extra money . Besides being made cheap , the key is diffcult to place in the slot . There is a metal cover that somehow has to move out of the way when you place the key in the slot . It can take several attempts before the key actually goes in the slot . I do n't recommend this gas cap .
 This was suppose to fit my 2009 Ford Escape . Does not even come close to fitting .
 The product received was n't the same as illustrated . T thought that they have might have improve the model . So I went to different auto parts shops and after reviewing the same product , I saw that the Stant 10502 was exactly as the one illustrated on the website . Not sure what happened , but I returned the product .
 amazon has a feature called , `` make sure it fits your vehicle '' . It FAILED . i had to return this cap since it is the wrong one . i later looked at the reviews and found out i was n't the only person to return this item for not fitting my vehicle .
 I purchased these for a 2006 Hyundai Sonata . According to the application guide , this is the model number that fits the 06 Sonata . They fit fine , but the operation is mediocre at best . They lift better that the old ones that had worn out over time , but these tend to bind on the way up . This binding causes the trunk to `` stick '' on the way up . I 'm afraid to push up on the trunk because it could break the lift . I should have returned them immediately , but I did n't so forget it now . Lesson learned!Additionally , I purchased a set of these for a 2004 Cadillac CTS -LRB- not this model -- see different reveiw -RRB- , and they work a bit better than these . However , the lift support does not work nearly as good since the weather has gotten cooler . I 'm in Vegas , so maybe its been around low 50s -LRB- not really cold -RRB- , but that temperature has definitly impacted the lifting properties.I wo n't buy this brand again . Instead , I 'll pay probably double at the dealer , and get a better product ... hopefully !
 I received my deflector in good shape and with fast service , which is why I like Amazon . When I went to install the deflector I noticed I had 4 holes , but only 3 fasteners , which apparently are for another vehicle since they were to small for the hole . I tried to google GTS to see if they could send the a package of the right fasteners , but gave up . GTS is too darn hard to find through google . I could 've easily given them a higher score if they had made my purchase more simple and sent the right package of fasteners .
 When I received this item , part of the black coating -LRB- powder coating ? -RRB- was already coming off around the area that was drilled for the lock . Upon attempting to install the fuel door , I discovered that the lock would not close onto the lock plate without significant trimming of the lock plate . So far I have turned the lock plate , which comes from the factory shaped like a ` C ' , into an ` L' , and it looks like I will have to thin out the vertical section of the ` L' even more to get the lock to close . So much so as to worry me about whether the lock plate will hold together at all .
 The `` locking '' feature , where the cap freewheels around when you turn the cap ceases to work after a while . You can lock the cap , turn it to ensure the freewheeling feature is working , then just press with pressure on one edge of the cap and you can now engage -LRB- no longer freewheeling -RRB- the ratchet mechanism , twist off the cap . No key needed . Cap quit working after 30 months . I only fill up my truck every other week , so this cap is not very durable.Cap did not cause any `` check engine light '' alerts .
 The cap worked very well , however , it came with only ONE key . With three drivers in our home , I needed 2 more keys . First I tried all the local hardware stores and none of them had the blank . They noted that it was an unusual 2 sides key , and that I should check with a locksmith . They all said they could make a one sided key and that those blanks were common . Each one had their favorite locksmith , and I saw every one . They could not help me because of , `` NO BLANK '' . Each one said that they come from China , and they do n't want to pay for American blanks , so they use their own . Stant could not help me , nor could the supplier , Great Lakes Wholesalers . I had to return your cap and buy one from Pep Boys .
 Really crappy product . Entire locking mechanism comes out at times . Does n't really lock most times and the service engine light comes on when using this cap . Anybody know of a good locking cap ?
 This cap did not work for me . It locked , but it caused my check engine light to keep coming on because it would not make a good tight seal !
 the stant locking fuel cap was just what i needed til I attempted to put the cap on my 2002 ford excursion and it does not work . when i selected the does it fit your vehicle option it said it does and when I tried to install the cap it does not work on my ford vehicles . it is useless to me and now I am out of 18.00
 Would not lock , requested a replacement but was informed that it was placed on back order , so I canceled the order .
 The keys with the cap do not fit the cap . I have emailed Amazon 2 times and sent a letter asking for return instructions but have received no response from Amazon . Order ID 1-73418 . Please , Please respond .
 Stant 10508 locking fueling cap.Twice Amazon sent me the wrong item and twice I returned it . When I canceled the order , Amazon kept $ 5 postal charge . It is ugly and dishonest . Shame on Amazon .
 The key is aluminium and broke on the first useage . In the picture it appears to be brass and we certainly would not buy again !
 The product failed . It did not create a seal which then caused a vacuum leak and the check engine light went on . When the old cap was restored the light went out . At the same time I bought this one my son bought one at an auto parts store which appeared of higher quality and to have a more prominent inside gasket.In short , it is not worthy of purchase .
 Purchased 2 for 07 dodge Magnum and 1/2 ton dodge . It kept popping off . I would press as hard as I could and get it on the tank , and then , when I pulled just as hard , I could pop it off.Gave them to Goodwill.Going to spend a little more and go to the dodge house and get factory one .
 Fair question . The answer is , if they ca n't get into your tank the ` normal ' way , they just punch a hole in your tank with a screwdriver , or cut the rubber hose part of your filler tube . Think locking caps are expensive ? - Try pricing a new tank or filler system ! IMHO , all the locking caps do is serve to keep ` honest ' people ` honest ' .
 These keyrings are cheat/cheap plastic , and not lucite to start with.Then he charges 1.99 ... . so as to suck you into the deal , only to hit you with a 5.97 shipping fee that only costs an actual .22666 to ship , and pockets the rest . When you discover the sour deal ... he says he 's got your money and there 's nothing you can do about it.Stay clear of this dealer . Save your money and get someting worth the price ...
 I should have done more research before making the purchase . I ca n't say whether the starter works or not . I consider myself pretty `` techie '' and able to figure out most anything given the information needed . So , I purchased this item expecting the programming to be pretty straightforward . Boy ! Was I wrong.I found the manufacturer 's website , then , to get help or , at least , more detailed instructions but their site is a waste of time . Apparently , they cater to dealers and professional installers , not `` do-it-yourself-ers . `` Normally , I try to be a very positive person but this product is sitting in a drawer now ; and I 'd like to save someone else from the same experience .
 While this product arrived in good time and in good shape , we could not get it programmed to work with our car , despite it 's being listed as the replacement transmitter . We called the 800 number and tried everything that we were told to do -LRB- including going into the dashboard -RRB- , but it simply would not match the system that came on our vehicle . I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because I believe the fault lay with our system , but the product said it was the replacement -LRB- and looks exactly the same -RRB- ; however , since it did not work , amazon paid for the return postage , so it cost us nothing but time and frustration . Another transmitter we got several months ago for a different vehicle worked perfectly , so I would not say not to try this - just know that it may not work for you .
 ThePower Winder Roll-up Modulewould not interface with a Viper 5701 system onto a 7th generation Honda Accord . In order to operate the moon roof a pulsed signal is needed in addition to the open/close voltage . Directed Electronics did not answer e-mails that were sent through their website `` contact '' link , if this is a dealer link it should be stated as such . Fortunately the professional installer integrated the close function with `` arm '' of the alarm without use of an add-on module.Rating is NEGATIVE 5 stars -LRB- not currently a choice offered above -RRB- system now requires at least one in order to post a review , not correct in this case .
 The lead from the distributor to the coil does not fit . The rubber cap is too short to cover the connection
 On product description it is listed as being 1.5 lbs . The actual weight is listed below on shipping weight as 4 ounces .
 This product is much smaller than the description and image indicates . 5 of them together do not weigh a full pound .
 I am using this to open a pick up truck tool box . I had one -LRB- inexpensive -RRB- that I had left over from when I was in the business . . probable cost under $ 2.00 . . It worked fine for the last 2 years , but did not open every time lately . So I lubricated the hinges and release mechinism , ran new 12V line and a new ground using 12 Ga wire . . Then installed this item . . It works the same as the one I replaced . if I use a mini bungy installed on the opposite side It does OK . . but so did the one I removed . I would estimate the pressure needed to be around 2 # . . I thought a HD one would pull up to 10 # . . I am not happy about this purchase . As I have a tonneau cover over the truck bed , it is important that this would work . Also the deivery took longer than stated as it went from Ca to denver to Tuscon to Los Cruces then here . . This was not the sellers fault , but since I was checking often for it , and the PO is 15 miles away . . It ate up a few gallons of diesel.After using this peoduct for months . . and having to use the mini bungy to allow it to work . . here in January it failed completely . The bungy was to give it more thrust , so was not working against it . . But now it has frozen up entirely . . so will have to reinstall the one that had been on there before . . and still use the bungy . . So this purchace was for nothing !! Am in the same position that I was . .
 I have been using this for a few months now and I have to say if you want to always wonder if you can even open your gas tank buy this . The key never works so you always need to cross your fingers to see if you will be able to refuel . its awesome!Additionally , it says it works with the audi a4 , and no it does not . It screws onto it , but the seal is not perfect and the car gives an indicator that something is wrong.do not buy .
 I got this cap for my volkswagen cabriolet . Within two weeks it rusted and pitted.It is assembled in Mexico . I called Stant and they were very nice and sent me a replacement . Within four months the replacement broke and does not work any more.Bad product , bad design , bad quality . I am afraid to buy another because I fear the lock will break and I will not be able to put gas in my car.Do yourself a favor and get the OEM gas cap for your vehicle instead of this pathetic product .
 Made of plastic . The design appears to lock , but can be strong-armed off by a pre-teen . Biggest problem is the design is high-profile and will not allow my gas door to fully close , although the manufacture 's specifications state that this model should fit my foreign-built SUV.So , I have n't actually used it once , because it invites any passersbys to close the ajar gas cap door only to discover they ca n't because the car 's owner tried to use a goofy-looking plastic locking gas cap . This just invites trouble ...
 Do not use this alarm on a 2005 Grand Prix !!!! It will fry your cars computer ! I have heard nothing but bad things about this alarm !
 Just like all of their products lately this is a poorly designed , unreliable piece of junk . If you buy it , hopefully you get one that works the way it is supposed to without any weird side effects .
 Hooked up window crank units and tried to installed the window . One of the two switches failed before I could even get window installed . Before I even try the drivers door I will replace switch . I have purchased 5 different Auto Loc products and 3 ot of 5 have turned out to be junk . My final actions was to replace a more durable product .
 I purchased this item and attempted to use it on a 2004 Ford Freesar . It would not work . Programmed for one start only each time , following the directions explicitly.And good luck if You need to reach their customer/tech support centerDo Yourself a favor and purchase code alarm -LRB- audiovox -RRB- or other audiovox brand -LRB- flash logic -RRB- For $ 5 or $ 8 more , it will be worth it.I can not believe the time I have wasted with Direct Electronics products .
 Ordered the Hornet 727T product , they cancelled the order the next day and immediately increased the price by $ 20 . Bad Form and Dishonorable practice . A box store would have been far more honorable . Given that I was buying a potpourri of associated accessories as part of the same Amazon order that were not cancelled , not impressed . Now I have all these sensors and have to order from someone else for the alarm master unit .
 I received the remote from this company in a timely fashion . I followed the directions to program the remote to no avail . I actually tried to program the remote at least 5x and it still would not work . I had a 2nd remote from the manufacturer that was not purchased via this e-tailer and the directions worked for that remote . I contacted the company via email at least 5x . I got a reply indicating a return number and they said to send it back for an exchange . I did this but due to my own negligence of not sending it back with a tracking number , they claimed they never received it back . I emailed them at least 4x before they replied saying they received nothing back from me and I have never heard from them since . I would rate their customer service a ZERO as well as the product they sent me not working . I am out the money and the remote .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 I was pleased with the service of the company , but the seat cover is NOT worth $ 80 . It was a little too short for my Tahoe , even though I got the XL . I do like the fact it covers part of the floor and for the most part stays in place . I have 3 large dogs -LRB- lab , german shepard , and a great dane -RRB- , and with all 3 of them in the back seat , the seat cover did not move . I just think the price they charge for these things is way too much and I think this works just as well as other seat covers out there that cost a lot less
 Maybe something else is going on but I expected less brake dusts and instead my shiny wheels are dark grey in 2 weeks ! Very dissapointed since the ceramic are advertised as creating less dust but is twice as bad as the normal breaks I had on my before . Will not purchase again .
 Not happy at all . I was expecting higher quality for the price I paid . One of the spring wires fell off and was very poorly designed . Basically the wire was fitted around a rivet and peened over , problem was not enought metal was peened over . I had to go the NAPA and get brakes because I already had my tire off and old brakes removed when I found out they were defective . Returned them alright though . Bad design . They need to rethink and redesign those wires .
 I purchased two front sprockets from JT -LRB- 14T and 16T -RRB- and can not use either ... the splined bore has been chamfered on the back face where it 's supposed to be a sharp square edge to locate against the step on the counter shaft and provide the proper alignment with the rear sprocket . When the OEM sprocket is slid onto the counter shaft it sits slightly proud of the end face of the counter shaft but when I slide either of these on , they both sit approximately 1/16 '' to 3/32 '' below the end face of the counter shaft preventing the proper preload of the belleville washer when the bolt is torqued . The splines are also incredibly sloppy compared to the OEM sprocket . I will not run either of these on the bike .
 It 's a good thought , but needs redesigned . Broke the first time I used it . The plastic tip that hold the metal shaft to the snow plow snapped in half .
 The floor mats fit well . The driver 's side mat does not have an eyelet for the retention hook mounted to the floor , and that is disappointing as the description says they exist when `` required '' -LRB- and the general photo shows two eyelets -RRB- . The floor mats are a much lighter gray than the gray interior of the pickup . But the mats are thick and should last a long time.Edit 11/16/2012
 I ordered this car cover for my Cobra . The picture displaying the car cover was a Cobra . After ordering the company emailed to verify the size . I gave them the dimensions and when the cover arrived I could have put two Cobras under it . It was huge !
 Not real happy . It said on the description that they would fit my vehicle -LRB- Honda CRV -RRB- . They did n't . Have them for sale now ... no takers .
 I got it clutch disc two spring already been scratch and disc loosing ! Seem in storage long time . I do n't like this kind businese ! Ca n't be trusted
 As an ASE qualified Automotive Master Technician , I see it again and again . Low grade internal seal material , and a design that uses very small melt marks in the plastic to hold them together . I wonder how many vehicles go every year without a cap and spew 100s of thousands of pounds of hydrocarbon -LRB- gasoline -RRB- pollutants into the air . I find it so wrong for a company to create a product like this , then become regulated by law because it is such crap , then whine and fight ... and LOBBY against rules to force them to make a reasonable product . But then that is what Corporate America is about right . Profits before mankind . Shame on you Stant .
 I had troubles with the original cap , so I decided to give a try to this one.Although it fits on the tank it does not on the holder that attaches to it . Meaning you have to keep it at sight when fueling and remember to put it back.Plus first time that I used it , gave a check engine warning . next few times it did not I give the benefit of doubt , perhaps it was my fault that I left it a little loose .
 After two trips to the mechanics , we finally figured out that this new cap does n't work . It gets loose after a while , no matter how tight I fasten it after pumping gas . Then the check engine light would go on and we had a hard time figuring out what went wrong . I switched to use a geniue part from the dealer and it worked , much better .
 There was NO `` package '' at all ... the UPS label and `` packing slip '' was stuck on the pipe ... both ends of the pipe are out of round and will require repair , with a tool I do n't have , before it will be serviceable ... whoever fulfilled this order for Amazon are IDIOTS ... unless you have a pipe expander , do n't waste your time or money !
 The Edelbrock/Russell 639520 Speed Bleeders ordered for the rear wheel cylinders on my 1991 Chev C1500 pickup truck did not fit . The diameter and threads of the bleeders were totally wrong . The Amazon `` Find parts that will fit my vehicle '' pull down menu was incorrect , it gave me the wrong Edelbrock/Russell part number -LRB- 639520 -RRB- , and the parts had to be returned .
 These do not work ! Avoid ! They will not seat correctly as the conical tip is the wrong dimension and they DO NOT seat whatsoever . Completely useless . They do not look like the one in the picture . The bottom is pointed , not flat like the picture . AVOID ! Test vehicle was a 96 Silverado .
