 I have now purchased and tried 7 different potty chairs/seats . Four potty chairs and three seats . This one is the best and our favorite . It fits on all toilets I 've tried , and it works just fine for my boy who just started potty training last week . The splash guard is high enough to capture his urine and not get allover his clothes . The seat does not move around when he climbs on the toilet . I love the clean white color , and it hangs nicely . My son has no problem taking it off and putting it back on a hook . The opening is wide enough that this will last a while . I ca n't say enough about this seat . OH most importantly , when my son gets off and on the seat , it does n't hurt his boy parts at all .
 This is the right size hole and shape for our extra long toilet seat . It is also adjustable so it fits on any seat.The length of the hole was the most important factor , as my 3 year-old-son is 37 '' tall and tends to go long . That being said , he does not like the hardness of the seat as he is coming from a foam cushy seat , however , it does the trick most of the time . Product arrived on time , new and packaged well .
 After buying a few cheapies , we purchased this one . The adjustable fitting wheel really does work and the rubber lip keeps it from moving all over your seat and scaring your kid.The pee guard bump , for boys , really works . Enough said for such a small priced item . Just buy it .
 I just got done potty training my boy/girl twins using the small potty chairs that sit on the floor but we are planning a vacation in a few weeks and they were terrified of using the big potty but we really had to get them using one . I bought a cheap-o potty seat and it slid around all over the place and they were scared to use it so we went back and paid twice as much and got the Bjorn and so glad we did . We have a TOTO brand toilet and the seat is very deep and contoured so the lock on the Bjorn did n't work at all on our toilet seat , but because it also has a grippy bottom and is quite large , it fits great anyway . My toddlers were fine using it and began using the big potty the same day we bought it . Definately worth the extra money , great design !
 Love this seat . With the cheaper seats w / Disney designs , etc , the pee was always getting everywhere but the potty . This is perfect for my son . The bump between the thighs keeps his legs apart so pee gets IN the potty instead of on it and it is deep enough so that even if the pee does not go straight down and still gets in the potty and does not leak under the seat . Fits well on our toilet seat .
 The stand alone potties are good for starting , but this is great for once my girl had potty training down and while she 's still little . Works great on our oblong shaped seat .
 This is one of the better option as it is very easy to clean and wipe down after each use . Also works well for boys . It also fits perfectly to the elongated shaped toilet seat . However , it does not fit our other toilet seat that has a soft-closing lid with a more round shape .
 Great for boys , adjustable , never a mess . With other potty seats , the boys always managed to pee out , either over or under the seat . I have 2 of these now b/c they are the best !
 I bought this for my son who is currently potty training . He just turned two and is pretty big for his age , but this seat fits him perfectly . We have had no problems with urine spills , the guard at the front keeps it all in the toilet . He likes helping to put the potty on and take it off too by turning the dial that tightens and loosens the potty seat on the toilet . This is the only toilet seat we 've tried , but it 's working out great for us . I would definitely recommend it !
 Easy to clean . Stays in place -LRB- even w/o using the built-in `` lock '' -RRB- . Seems comfrontable . Splash guard could be larger -LRB- but let 's be honest , unless you 're putting a Jai alai cesta on there , not sure anything is really going to contain the misses of an active 2yr old boy ! -RRB-
 I 'm glad that I got this seat for my daughter , she is comfortable in using this and she can place and take the seat by herself from the toilet and this fits most of the toilets . It is a good quality product with great design and worth the extra money , I would highly recommend this product .
 My search for a potty seat that would fit an oval toilet ended here . I love that it can be adjusted to fit so it is n't sliding around when toddler is trying to sit down on it . Great product for the oblong toilet !!
 I bought this for my son and read the reviews about the splash guard not extending down far enough . I decided to take a chance and found out that it does indeed lead to spills onto the actual toilet seat and under the toilet trainer seat too . It 's not that big of a deal to me because it 's not like it 's going all over the floor . I just do a quick wipe of both seats after my son is done . It takes two seconds and I do this so I do n't get a smelly bathroom . When my sitter and husband watch my son , they do n't do any cleaning up of the seats and I have yet to notice the bathroom smelling . We have an oblong seat and it fits perfect . We do n't even use the adjust dials and it stays in place . I gave it four stars because I really like it even though the splash guard does not extend further down .
 This is the best potty seat by far . I have 2 boys and I never have a wet mess after they use this seat . I bought other seats but they always left a wet ring around the rim and I had to rinse the seat and their legs every time . I never worry about a mess with this seat . Worth every penny .
 This was actually my second purchase of this seat . This one is for Grandma 's house . We also have a BabyBjorn potty chair . My daughter uses both , but she 's getting to the point where she 's a little big for the potty chair and likes to use the `` big '' potty but is still to small for it . So this seat works perfect . It 's easy to lift on and off and it fits her behind just fine -LRB- she 's on the small side -RRB- . She can easly lift it on and off herself and move it around the house when she wants . A little pricy , but recommended .
 Do n't waste your money on any other trainer seat ! The Baby Bjorn seat is the most comfortable for your little one , and a breeze to clean . I bought other seats -LRB- four bathrooms in our house -RRB- and ended up throwing them all away . This one is probably the most expensive , but its worth it when you are trying to teach a VERY important skill !!!
 We tried several different stools and seats , with horrible results . They were usually too small for the average child and did n't provide adequate protection for boys who might `` overshot '' the toilet . The baby bjorn seat solved all our problems . It is easy to clean and no mess . My son now only uses it to go # 2 , but it still fits him nicely and is comfortable for him .
 I have potty trained four kids now , and I wish this product was available earlier . Simply the best toilet seat out there.Top Two Reasons Why This Is The Best :1 -RRB- It does not slide on the toilet like many of the other seats do . The kids do n't feel like they are going to slide off the toilet .2 -RRB- The potty `` guard '' in front is very effective for the boys . Many of the other toilet seats have a removeable guard , and the kids just pull it off and drop it in the toilet .
 A friend gave me one when my daughter was 9 months old and we 've been using that since then . The curvature of the ring cover fits both the toilet and baby 's bottom really well . It does not move on the toilet as some other designs do . It 's easy to clean . I also have a cover with cartoon characters on it but my daughter would keep moving off it and trying to see the characters so it 's really distracting . The Bjorn one does what it 's supposed to do and does it well . Now my daughter is 2 years old and started potty training a few weeks ago . I like the Bjorn so much that i bought another one for our 2nd bathroom also .
 I bought this seat for my daughter so I could save myself from cleaning out a stand alone potty . She loves it and is n't afraid of the big toilet at all . The seat fits any shaped toilet seat unlike some other brands that claim they fit all toilet seats . It may cost a bit more , but you wo n't waste your time buying or searching for another seat . Make sure to get a step stool that is the proper height so your little one can climb on and off the seat by themselves .
 This is perfect . It adjusts very easily to any bowl , is firm and steady when it attaches , pops on and off in a second . There 's nothing to improve and nothing more we could want .
 My wife and I are both very happy with this product . Very convinient . Great design . We found it on Amazon and bought it because of the reviews and are glad we did .
 We bought this in conjunction with the step stool for our son -LRB- now 4yrs -RRB- when he was potty training . He is a big boy and is potty trained but STILL uses this seat on the toilet to keep from falling in . He also still uses the stool ! Worth every penny !
 We like this seat over the others we bought previously . There 's a rubber seal around it so it stays put . The others we had tended to move around and scare her . It 's easy for her to pick up and put on the toilet seat herself . The great plus is that it fits all different kinds of toilets . It 's a bit bulky for travelling but not too bad .
 After reading several reviews I bought this seat and I am so glad I did . It was worth every penny . No more pee on the seat/floor/etc . Easy to remove . Stays in place . Easy to clean . Love it ! This was my fourth potty seat purchase , make it your first .
 It was mailed fast , works great , easy to clean . My kid loves it and puts it up and down all by himself.Our toilet tub is slightly elongated , and it fits perfectly with a little easy adjustment.Just what we needed .
 I bought a Sesame Street seat at Walmart , and it was too rickety - my son would n't get on it , and he could n't get on it himself . I bought this BabyBjorn seat , and it fits perfectly . It 's so comfortable for him . Do n't waste your money on any other adapter seat .
 This seat is great for our toddler . He can put it on and take it off by himself and has NEVER been pinched . We did have to train him to sit back so that the shot would go down instead of spraying out . I liked the seat because the cup is molded on , no parts for my toddler to pull off .
 this has been such a great thing for our family . no more cleaning little toilets , yeah . . i definitely recommend this to anyone ... also get a stool of some sorts so they can get on it themselves .
 We 've got a couple seats , this is by far the best . It fits any size/shape toilet seat !!!!!!! It works wonderful with the Bjorn stool , my little guy is able to get up on the potty by himself and sit comfortable while reading his potty books while trying to be potty trained -LRB- 2years -RRB- . Must have .
 My two yr olds likes this more then the smaller pottys , but I know why its made for her little bum , no red marks , no pain , easy to clean and fits any toilet . Great for on the go or just at home .
 My 21 month old son LOVES to sit on this potty seat . It is so secure on our toilet seat - does n't move at all because it is fully adjustable.He 's not quite ready to be potty trained , but every night before bath I ask him if he wants to sit on his potty and go pee-pee and every night he does . -LRB- Nothing actually happens , of course . -RRB- We had one of those free standing potty trainers , but I just could n't imagine having to empty that thing out every time he used it.This was one of my best purchases for my toddler !
 This product is great ! It fits well on our toilet and is the perfect size for our little 2-year old to sit on . She is just starting to potty train , and rather than first making the transition to a potty chair and then to the toilet we 're going straight to the toilet . And no mess to clean up either . She just uses a little stool to walk up to get on top of the toilet and is comfortable enough to sit there while she reads her books . It 's a great solution for someone looking to start potty training their little one .
 I bought this product for my son . It is a great product and my son seems to be comfortable while sitting . I have two of them and I think their great .
 We 're struggling with potty training our 3yo boy and these potty seats have been great ! They are all one piece so there are n't any cracks and crevices that you have to clean , and they are contoured perfect for his little bottom . There is a handle on the back so it 's very easy for adults and kids to lift it off of the toilet , and then you just drop it back into place when your little one needs to go potty . My sister recommended them to me -LRB- she 's already trained two kiddos -RRB- and we 've been truly impressed - as impressed as one can be with a potty trainint seat that is ! -LRB- wink -RRB-
 I 've used this seat for all of my kids . I 've tried others and all have fallen short of this one . This seat goes onto the toilet seat already there and there is a dial you turn on the back of the seat that secures it so it does not slide , slip or move . My kids can put this seat on the toilet and secure it by themselves . So if you 're tired of emptying out the stand alone potty seats you need to buy this seat . My kids feel safe and secure using this seat . BabyBjorn really knows how to make good quality things that are practical , well priced and long lasting . I 've used this seat for many years without a single problem . If you 're looking for the right potty seat for your little ones , this one is the one you should get , hands down .
 We used this toilet for our son after he potty trained in a little potty -LRB- which was a huge mess to clean b/c it has so many grids underneath where I discovered pee would `` pool '' and smelled so bad ! Anyway , we first tried the Elmo potty attachment , very cute cheap plastic , used it once but would fit / even sit at all on our elongated toilet . This one adjusts , and it fit perfectly . We are now in a new place , with different shaped toilets , and it still fits well.Been researching a new potty attachment to buy since his little brother trained up from an Ikea -LRB- $ 3.99 ! -RRB- bowl shaped potty , but would like to move to the next level . Lil brother will not sit on this ! So we bought a `` Cars2 '' one and b-4 opening it , decided it was n't a good product , and also found bad reviews on it . So my husbands brilliant plan now is to cover the bear circle on this product with an awesome circle Cars2 sticker , and trick our son ... hope it works . : -RRB-
 With two little boys , a good potty seat is a necessity around here . I must have bought four different potty seats and was in despair . One scratched the toilet seat permanently , one did n't block anything so there was messy clean up each time , etc. , etc. . Finally , in desperation , I read reviews and saw that most people were saying they wished they had bought this seat first . I completely agree . We 've had it for two or three years now and it still works great . It blocks all the mess little boys can make , and it has a little wheel behind it so that you can adjust its size to your toilet . So far I have n't encountered a toilet it does n't fit . It 's more expensive than the cheap ones , but since I bought about four of those , buying this one outright would have saved me money in the long run .
 We 've tried a few different brands of potty seats , and this is by far our favorite . It stays in place when kids climb on and off instead of slipping or tipping like some other seats . Unfortunately we changed our toilet seat/lid combo to one of those slow close plastic ones that has the removable hinges for easy cleaning , and the Baby Bjorn training seat does n't fit it . Also , after about three years -LRB- and a couple of kids -RRB- the black rubber handle on the back started to break , but I consider that minor wear and tear . Overall , I 'd recommend this seat above others on the market . It safe and looks nice .
 My 20 month daughter started to say ` pee pee ' whenever she wanted a diaper change . We found she wants the diaper change when she was about to pee -LRB- or poo -RRB- when her diaper is already heavy and she does not like to wet the carpet or the blanket . So I thought maybe it 's not so early for her to start potty training.We got this Babybjorn toilet trainer delivered , and tried to put on the toilet - and as a curious toddler as she is , she asked me to put her on it -LRB- in her own language -RRB- then started peeing and she even tried to clean with tissues -LRB- she just dumps the tissue - I think she caught that from her big sister -RRB- . Since then , she tries to stay away from diapers whenever she 's not traveling or sleeping.She 's on the heavier side at 30 lb . She sits on it very comfortably alone , but smaller babies might have to find a smaller stand alone type potty trainer bowl .
 My daughter started with the Baby Bjorn stand alone potty seat - which was great when she was just getting started with the idea of using a potty . She quickly became too tall to use the stand alone potty seat , so I ordered this Baby Bjorn Toilet Trainer and it has been fantastic . She quickly learned how to put the seat on the toilet herself and adjust the wheel to make it snug . It was also easy for her to remove and hang on a small butterfly doorknob my husband attached to the side of the sink cabinet . The seat gave her a great sense of independence and allowed her to be comfortable and secure while learning to use the big potty.It is also great for traveling . I would put it in a zippered canvas tote and carry it with us into rest areas -LRB- it really does fit any toilet -RRB- - she could sit securely and be protected from unclean surfaces -LRB- I would carry a small container of Disinfectant wipes to clean her seat off each time we used it in a public restroom -RRB- . I highly recommend this Baby Bjorn Toilet Trainer !
 My 2 year old son and I love this potty seat ! It is EASY to clean , fits securely on all toilets , even elongated , and my son can put it on and take it off by himself . We use it in conjunction with the Baby Bjorn step stool , which I also love . We have had other potties and this is the best , except for the Baby Bjorn Little Potty . The potty trainer plastic is hard but contoured to fit a small or large person - my 15 month old daughter fits on it , and so do I !! Hard plastic is more sanitary because it wo n't crack and gather germs like the padded kind . The urine splash guard does the trick with little boys until they learn to aim , but is not cumbersome for females , either . It actually helps provide some stability to the child . It is very nice not having to empty and clean a separate potty for him . The design is clean and nice , which is important to us because my kids ' bathroom is also the guest bathroom , decorated to look like a spa in cool blues and white . The white seat does n't stick out like a sore thumb or look overly cutesy or childish in a nice bathroom . We take the trainer seat on vacation with us and visiting relatives . A word of caution - be sure to use with a sturdy stepstool , because for most kids , getting off and on the adult toilet without assistance is hard without a stool and can be dangerous . However , if your child is scared of sitting up so high , go with the Little Potty . My daughter is scared of the adult toilet and likes the Little Potty , but my son wants to be `` BIG '' like us and use the adult one . If you end up needing a floor potty , go with either a one piece design or a design in which the ` collection bowl ' ca n't be removed by the child while sitting on the potty . We had a ` royal ' potty - TRASH ! My son was scared of the red light that sensed urination or bowel movement , and freaked out when it made noise . The splash guard was bothersome to him , causing him to hurt himself more than once , and he frequently pulled it off in midstream , making a mess . He also pulled the collection bowl out from the front in midstream , and ended up peeing directly on the floor . Love the Baby Bjorn toilet trainer , stepstool combination !
 We have 2 potty seats and another child size potty . I actually did n't use the Baby Bjorn for a long time because we had other options . But after finally seeing how easy it is to use , we love it . It 's easy to put on our oblong toilets . It fits snuggly , and is easy to clean . My son is 34 pounds now and is way to big for the little chair we bought . The Baby Bjorn fits him fine , there is no need for an extra potty guard and he has n't complained once about it being uncomfortable . I would n't change it a bit .
 Length :
 I like the style and ease of this potty seat , but for my daughter , the hole is much too big . She squirms on it , and will not use it unless I am holding onto her-she starts to slip and fall in . I am having to end up buying a much smaller seat . Hopefully she will grow into this one . She is 2 1/2 and a little on the small side .
 Great potty seat . Safe and secure - does n't slide around . This one has the best mechanism for keeping the seat in place , so that our toddler can relax and take care of business . Also , if you have a boy , the raised `` shield '' at the front edge is worth the price of admission .
 Regular training seats you place on top of an adult size toilet just were not stable enough for my son . Add the fact that one of our toilets is oval and it was a BAD fit . Also add that he 's a very big boy and regular seats would allow him to pee right over the little pee catcher -LRB- do n't know the official term ;-RRB- for that part -RRB- . He 'd say , `` Mommy - I fall '' and did n't want to try . This seat works great because you can adjust it to make it fit with more stability .
 Since I consider this expensive I gave it 4 stars ... -LRB- I wish there was a 4 1/2 star rating , it is better than 4 stars -RRB- Besides the expense , I 'm quite happy with this product . There is nothing else on the market like it ... so , we went ahead & purchased it.This is an adjustable child 's toilet seat that fits onto a regular toilet . Because toilets come in different sizes/etc . there is a dial -LRB- near the handle -RRB- which you turn to make the trainer seat fit snug on the toilet . I have found it is easy to place on the toilet plus it is so easy to remove . Some other brands of child 's toilet seats are very difficult to remove . The BabyBjorn Toilet Trainer also has an oval shape opening ... child 's head wo n't fit through it . A child might try to wear it as a `` hat '' but it will not go down over their head & around the neck.Neither our son or daughter have had any problems using this seat/trainer . It is easy for them to place on the toilet and remove . Our children do look so much more `` comfortable '' sitting on this Toilet Trainer seat instead of sitting/falling into the toilet when using a regular/adult size toilet seat . Before purchasing this I also checked out the Toilet Trainer at the BabyBjorn website . I was impressed with the information there . I recommend people consider purchasing the Toilet Trainer .
 We purchased this product for our 3.5 year old sone , who finally graduated from the potty to the big people toilet . I 'm extremely happy that we purchased this product . This seat was our second try , the first seat we purchased had to go back to the store due to the fact that the splash guard instead of preventing the pee to go all over the place , was actually catapulting it across the room when my little boy was n't aiming . When he was , due to the spash guard being too small and our son sitting too high on that seat , we ended up having pee running down the front of the toilet . After a week of the potty adventures while I looked at different options available on line and at the stores I gave this seat a try . I was not disappointed in the least . The splash guard works great , it 's not huge and younger boys might have difficulty aiming , but I believe it 's the best option available for those of us who have boys . It 's extremely easy to use , we have been able to take it with us when we visit friends and family and we have not come across a toilet that this seet would not fit on . It 's very easy to clean . The plastic is very smooth , so there are no issues with scratching . The only gripe I do have is that sometimes my son complains that his bum get 's tired of sitting on the hard surface . But on the other hand , it 'll ensure that he will not sit indefinitely on the toilet reading his books : -RRB-
 It is a seat that finally fits my toilet . I have an elongated toilet and this is the only one that fit it . Now if only my son will use it -LRB- lol ! -RRB- .
 I like the curvature of this seat . And the dial to custom the fit to toilet seat is also wonderful . It does n't slip or move around no matter how much wiggling goes on.The only negative is the lack of shield in the front . It is MUCH better then most but maybe needs a bit more for boys.Overall , I love this product and would recommend it . Just make sure they 're sitting where it 's pointed south !
 It is a toilet seat , so a grown man should n't get to excited about one , but if you are trying to toilet train your toddler , your perspective changes.My son was not really digging the tiny little potty Mom had gotten him at Wal Mart . Though he is in the 50 percentile in height and weight , this thing was just too small , especially for a boy . When he finally did `` go '' he was n't `` tucked '' and it was traumatic for him . He gave up on things for a while . We wanted to get him back on track.As a guy , I knew the importance of having a long-enough distance from front to back . I also knew my son would dig being able to use a `` big boy potty . '' He used it the first time and has pretty much been dry , when awake , for several weeks now.This Bjorn seat is perfect . It is long enough for boys . Also , the connection system with the dial is both very secure and very easy to set up . Installation or removal of the seat takes literally 3-5 seconds . This is important if the bathroom is shared.I really do n't know how they could have designed this better .
 hard plastic.easy to cleanhard to fall off.perfectly fitted for tiny bottoms , and bad aim in little boys .
 It 's amazing how when you have a quality tool , it makes the job easier . This is the case of the BABYBJORN Toilet Trainer . It 's the best fit and works great for our three year old .
 Love this seat . My daughter is almost 3 and fits perfect on it . No slipping around and fits any size toilet . I gave it 4 stars because I feel it 's a lot of money for a toilet seat , but it works better then the `` fun '' cartoon kind .
 We bought the Baby Bjorn Toilet Trainer after looking around and trying to find another seat that will fit on our elongated toilet . This one fits . There 's a little dial on the bottom that easily adjusts to whatever seat you have . There are no corners that they can get hurt on . Both my older one -LRB- 3.5 -RRB- and my younger one -LRB- 2 -RRB- fit on it without worrying about slipping through . There is a splash guard that does n't get in the way . The only problem is that it does n't have handles for my kiddies to hold .
 My son is 3 and a half and we started potty training two months before he turned 3 . We had purchased the cheaper seats at Target and Walmart , but he would still have # 2 accidents . Our toilet is very elongated and all the other seats did n't fit well and were very wobbly . We just recently bought the Baby Bjorn toilet trainer and now he is excited about going # 2 ... . It is very secure because of the adjusting dial and he can get on the potty all by himself . No more accidents after a week with this seat ! The high front prevents # 1 spillage and the contor shape holds him well . I wish that I had known about this seat 8 months ago . I very highly reccomend this seat !
 Great seat . It is adaptable to all toilets . There is an adjustable knob that cranks underneath to tighten it to the seat but you have to reach into the toilet to do it . I found that if you just get it close before you place it on the toilet it stays secure . You can either place it on top of the seat or lift the seat . It 's easy on and off and your child can even do it him/herself . It worked so well I purchased three .
 Here is what I like about this : - you can adjust some fitting with the turn of a dial on the inside back of the seat so that it does n't shift when on the Toilet -LRB- this way I can use it on different toilet bowls and it sits steady -RRB- - just one piece -LRB- that way things do n't get in between the pieces -RRB- , less mess and easy to clean - contoured etc and all the stuff they say in their descriptionWhat I wish was different
 We have an elongated Toto toilet with an angled toilet seat . I bought a standard potty seat initially , which slid back and forth on the toilet seat . My daughter was terrified and refused to sit on it . After reading the reviews online , I bought the Baby Bjorn . Fits perfectly , does not move . I read another review that said the `` wings '' that the dial uses to latch on to the seat need to be removed to fit an elongated seat , but we did not have that problem . Put the Baby bjorn on our toilet seat , twisted the dial , and viola , the seat does not move . Highly recommend this potty seat !
 Fits my toilet seat perfectly . My soon feels secure and not wobbly while sitting on the seat.Never used a potty , as the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer made the toilet easy to use for my 34 month old son.Raised front area prevents little boys from having accidents while potty training.Lightweight , but well made and sturdy.Removes easily , so grown ups can use the toilet , or potty training son can stand and practice his aim !
 When our daughter first started potty training , we bought one of the less expensive character covered potty seats . However , out toilet is elongated and the cheaper seat did not fit flush and always wobbled . Our daughter could n't get on and off the potty by herself because the seat would always move as she was trying to sit down . It was clear that our daughter felt very unsteady and uncomfortable on it , and frankly it set back out potty training efforts.Flash forward , my husband shows me the Baby Bjorn seat one day while we were walking through a local baby retailer . I first I thought `` $ 30 for a toilet seat !?! Seriously . '' Well folks , it was $ 30 well spent ! Not only is this seat fashioned to fit elongated toilets without the gaps , but the rear dial truly allows you to get a snug and secure fit . My daughter is clearly more confident both getting on and off the toilet and while sitting on this seat.I would absolutely recommend this product to anyone toilet training a young child !
 Not only does the dial adjust so that it fits your seat opening , the high-rise guard is great for little boys . My son is so excited to start potty training!Oh , and it 's not an eye-sore ! Love it !
 I order this for my 2 year old daughter after my friend recommended this to me . My daughter love using it . It fits very well because it is adjustable . It does n't wobble around . It is easy to take off also . I even bought the stepping stool for her to use also .
 Our daughter wanted to start trying on Mommy and Daddy 's potty - so we bought this . Took 2 seconds to spin the wheel to tighten and viola done and ready to use . She loves it and is using it , and no more cleaning up the small potty !!! Love it ! Get a stool and viola the big potty works for little ones . Would buy this again ...
 We 've been potty training my son for several weeks now , and he showed signs of being interested in using the big potty . So we bought a well-rated fancy potty seat with all sorts of `` features '' that was absolutely terrible . It was quickly returned , and replaced with this one.This seat is SO easy to use - there 's a dial that 's accessible from the top back to adjust its fit , and it 's snug as could be . We have one of the long oval toilet bowls , and that did n't cause any trouble with this seat . It 's secure and does n't move around , but really easy to take off again for adults and older kids to use . This only showed up this morning , but already my two and a half year old has nearly figured out how to get it on and off the toilet seat by himself . It has a nice pee-guard for little boys , and sits down into the toilet a bit so the pee does n't end up coming out between the toilet and seat . We put a big sturdy step stool in front of the toilet , and my son is so excited now that he can get up there and down again by himself !
 I love this potty seat . I ca n't even begin to tell you how great it is . It 's made out of sturdy plastic that seems as if it will last a long time . It fits snugly in/on the toilet with no problems . The adjusting mechanism is genius . It 's super easy to clean and I do n't have to worry about the seat absorbing any bathroom nastiness . It comes off the toilet quickly and easily for adult users and the handle allows for easy hanging . My son loves sitting on it and has n't looked or acted uncomfortable during use . He has great confidence sitting on this seat . The splash guard is n't too short or too high and the hole is just the right size for my potty-training toddler . We have n't had any issues as of yet and I am thrilled to own this . We tried self-standing potty chairs as well as the seats that attach to the toilet . This is by far my favorite .
 My husband and I bought a couple different potty seats from locals stores and we constantly had to reposition our son so that his pee was going in the toilet and not every where else ! This potty seat is perfectly designed . . we set him on the potty and do n't worry about a thing ! Fits perfectly on the toilet , does n't slide around and it 's white so it is n't a terrible eyesore . And if the pee hits the inside of the potty seat there are no cracks or seams or anything for it to run into it just runs straight down into the toilet ! Easy to clean ! Seemed a little pricey for a what it is but well worth it in our opinion especially since we just threw the others away ! Will be ordering another so we have one downstairs as well ! I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a potty seat .
 My children use only this item for their children , so I purchased one for my grandchildren to use at my house . It is very compact , yet extremely sturdy .
 I do n't have a ton of experience with potty seats . I only have one child , who was recently potty trained last week - there 's a new baby coming and we had to get it done . However , I did read a lot of reviews before purchasing . And after my experience with it so far , I am convinced there are none better . I could n't have imagined a more easy-breezy potty training experience.-Easy to tote around - it has been to several different houses.-It has fit securely on any toilet seat we 've tried . I usually do n't even use the adjustable dial , but it still feels secure.-Little ridge in the front keeps urine from leaking.-I LOVE that I do n't have to clean out a potty chair basin . Gross . Really , I ca n't imagine too many worse things at 8 months pregnant . Flush it down and GONE.-It is comfortable for her to sit on - she 's never objected using it.-Since she has been trained on a real potty , she will sit on a regular toilet seat without hesitation when we do n't have the BABYBJORN Toilet Trainer with us . I believe it has helped eliminate any fear she might have had using a real potty.I was really dreading the potty training . Actually , I was petrified , until one morning my husband woke up and said to our daughter -LRB- without us even discussing it -RRB- , `` Let 's wear your big-girl panties today . '' So I just went with it . Without reading any books that I had planned to pour over before attempting the training . That was 10 days ago . She has n't had an accident in 6 days - # 1 OR # 2 . She even wakes up with a dry diaper -LRB- still wears a diaper to bed -RRB- . And once woke me in the middle of the night telling me she had to go . Champ . I realize that the potty seat is n't wholly responsible for this . However , I really appreciate the ease of use for her and me and think that it has made her transition much more comfortable . So happy with this purchase . Will be recommending it to all of my friends !
 Initially saw that the daycare had this kind of kiddie toilet seat and noticed an ease of use when my daughter had to go to the potty . It 's on the pricier side than say the Dora or Sesame Street types you can find at Target , but I found it more secure and comfortable for my daughter than those ones . It fits snug on the toilet so I 'm not worried about it shifting around when my kid tries to sit on top of it -LRB- which was an issue with the Dora/Sesame Street type I previously purchased . -RRB- Another plus - the thing is easy to clean ! I 'm planning to get a second one for a different bathroom .
 I tried a couple of other seats first . The Sesame Street seat slid around , and the First Years Secure-Adjust Toilet Trainer was too big . We have the Eco Drake round Toto toilets with soft close lid . The seats curve down in the middle and are small . The Babybjorn fits on the smallest setting and does not slide around . I can see how it could adjust to quite a large toilet seat . We should be able to use it when we travel too . Our daughter is almost 3 and has been using the small BabyBjorn potty chair , but she started sitting on the regular toilet , so I really wanted to find something so she would be comfortable . When I first put it on , she stayed on there for a long time , and now uses it everyday . I believe this is our toilet seat -LRB- TOTO SS113-01 Transitional SoftClose Round Toilet Seat -RRB- : http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000QTZOBK/ref=noref?ie=UTF8&s;=hi&psc;=1You can see how it curves downward in the picture so most potty seats do not work on it . I was so happy that it fit !
 I previously bought a stand alone potty seat that was cute and made sounds but , frankly , it frightened my son a bit . Besides that , he told me he wanted to use the `` big '' potty . So I needed a seat that would fit on my elongated bowl toilets and my search -LRB- and a friends recommendation -RRB- led me to this seat . I kept it in my Amazon cart for a while and , like most Amazon items , the price fluctuated a bit . I finally bought it when it was around $ 23.00 . Once I received the seat , I immediately wanted to see how well it would work on my elongated seats . I turned the dial and within seconds it was a perfect fit for my toilet . My son seem very interested in it and wanted to use it . That made me happy . It seems like it is comfortable for him to sit on and we have never had a problem with the splash guard not working properly or pee getting anywhere it should n't . It is easy to clean and we move it on and off the toilet all day long , which is nice . It is a nice , clean looking seat too , which I like.We would definitely buy this seat again and we have recommended it to a few friends .
 From reading the reviews here , we had to try this seat out . Last night , my son picked out the red and white model . After getting it home , we had it set up in less than 10 seconds - he sat on it and peed in the potty !! He loves it and is so proud . It is well made , easy to fit and looks nice in our washroom . Thank you so much Baby Bjorn for a product that WORKS ! We tried other seats and well , let 's just not go there . This is the only seat you will need . LOVE IT !
 This is amazing !! My three year old puts it on by himself and then takes care of his business ! We are now working through # 2 stage and then overnight ... wish us luck !
 They 're not perfect -LRB- our 3 y.o. son is not potty trained yet -RRB- , but they 're the best that we could find , after getting two other types of trainers . We bought three of them . One is for our home , one is for their preschool , and the last one is for their babysitter 's home . Our daughter is doing very well , so hopefully our son will follow her lead .
 My DD loves this seat . She was only 10mths when we got it , but the first time we put here there she was happy . Now she picks it up by herself and would sit there forever if she could . Easy to clean !!!
 This is by far the best potty seat we have tried . It costs more than most other seats , but it is worth every penny . It really does adjust to any size toilet seat and it does not budge once you have it adjusted properly , which is very easy to do . My 3 year old son can put the seat on and take it off himself . We love it !
 Our son used the Baby Bjorn stand alone potty . But by 3 1/2 I realized we should have gotten him a potty seat & stool earlier ! This seat does not require attachment to the toilet seat , it simply sits right on the seat . The have only one quibble ; the adjustable fit dial does not seem to work well on out toilet 's seat . That does n't seem to be a major factor or problem as the seat fits snugly anyway . My son is able to place the seat himself which gives him greater confidence in being able to go potty by himself.While he was learning how to use the stool & potty , I went with him to the bathroom to be there in case there was a problem . Now , he has it down .
 great fit all the way around . for my boy and for the toilet . great product .
 I 'm a big fan of Baby Bjorn products and this potty seat was worth the money . It 's sleek and obviously , ergonomic for my 2 yr . old 's bottom . The only time it 's ever leaked was from her error of not sitting far enough back in the seat , so that her urine sprayed between the potty seat and the toilet seat . Otherwise , it installs so easily and remains clean so that if you need to remove it from the toilet you do n't feel grossed out touching it . I 'd definitely buy another if I needed to . We use this potty seat in combination with the Baby Bjorn step stool for the upstairs potty and the Baby Bjorn whole Potty Chair for downstairs .
 we have this and two bjorn potty chairs -- adding up to three pottys in a very tiny NYC apartment . But there must be inspiration in numbers because my very stubborn four year old is finally training !!!! The seat is comfortable for him . Catches all ! and we are just thrilled.This is one bit of Gear BabyBjorn got right . Do n't even hesitate , grab this , grab the step stool so your childs legs do n't dangle . . get a potty chair for the other rooms , and perhaps your child too will be inspired .
 This products works well and provides a secure seat for toddlers to sit , much better than cheaper , non-adjustable models .
 We had a cheapo toilet-top seat before this -- it was messy , pee shield too low , had a rough edge which hurt my son . This cost two-three times as much , but MAN is it better ! It 's awesome -- easy to clean , pee shield tall but safe , comfy for him to sit on ... and we 're finally making potty training progress ! I HIGHLY recommend this seat .
 This is the best potty seat ever . Simple to use , no mess to clean up , fits perfectly & securely right on top of the toilet seat . Plus the big bonus ... . they get to flush the toilet like a grown up !!!! and its an easy transfer to a regular toilet since there already sitting on it . Plus its a total space savor , its great for the 1/2 bathroom ! I Highly recommend this product .
 We bought this for our 22 month old who had been using 2 different all-in-one potty 's for a while . he is taller -LRB- 95 % -RRB- so these other seats were kind of tight . He took to this sea immediately , and fits on it much more comfortably . The guard is large and the one-piece construction makes it all easy to clean - it 's even dishwasher safe ! all in all a great seat -LRB- we bought the bb step stool too -RRB- .
 This is a third `` copy '' of this seat that we have bought from Amazon - that is how much my wife and I liked it . It is well designed , with smooth lines , rubber stabilizers and no rough or sharp edges or points . Fits easily and reasonable securely over any solid adult toilet seat - no need to lift it . We use these at home in every bathroom and take one with us when we travel . My three-and-a-half y.o. daughter is able to pick it up from the floor and place properly on a toilet herself . The round dial that locks it into place does not have to be tight , thanks to the rubber bars on underside . Therefore , even though not really locked in place , it does not slide . Obviously , that is VERY important . If she felt even a bit insecure on it , she would n't use it . We had two other seats -LRB- from different manufacturers -RRB- , both of which wobbled if the child did not sit straight and still . Which kid does ?! So the Baby Bjorn continues its reputation for quality products that are really well designed . I highly recommend this seat to anyone with a toddler in a house !
 great and convenient . well made product . My child does not slip off - she fits well on the seat . It is sturdy and it fits my toilet well . easy to clean . BabyBjorn is incredible !
 This potty seat fits more securely than any other I 've tried . The adjustable brackets give it a very firm fit into our standard , oval toilet seat , and our two year old is very comforable sitting on it . Recommend highly .
 It is perfect and is worth every penny . Easy to clean , adjustable , and my child can put it on/take it off without assistance , which makes my life so much easier ! Definitely 5 stars !
 I have bought two BabyBjorn Toilet Trainers for my elongated toilets ... they are a bit more expensive but so worth every penny ... they do n't shift when tightened onto the toilet seat ... I have tried other seats & they moved all around which scared my son ... my son can easily put it on and off the toilet seat himself ... it has a convienent loop on the end that I can attach to a hook for easy storage ... it works great for little boys who need to sit down when first being train ... the tinkle stays in the potty . I highly recommend this potty seat especially if you have an elongated toilet seat and/or a little boy !!!
 We had a regular potty chair that sits on the floor and grew tried of it taking up floor space , cleaning the bowl , etc. so we decided to try the Bjorn Toilet Trainer . We love it ! It does not take up any floor space , sits nicely -LRB- fit is great -RRB- on our regular toilet bowl , no cleaning up meeses and our toddler can get on and off of it all by himself . I would highly recommend this product to anyone who is potty training .
 We absolutely love this potty seat . My son has been potty training but is outgrowing his little potty -LRB- he 's tall and long legged -RRB- so we thought we 'd better get something he could use with the real toilet . This seat is very comfortable for him and easy to adjust to fit any toilet . My son is only 2 1/2 but can put this on and take it off the toilet by himself . I would highly recommend it !
 This seat has an adjustment to fit any toilet securely . You definitely do not want a seat that slides easily or makes the child feel insecure while atop the toilet . It just seems to be the right size to fit any size toddler as well . My friends children use it too when they come over . Great buy !
 I have now pruchased 3 of these for my son to use at home and our second house . The dial is an awesome feature and fits tightly to your toilet . I love how easily it adjusts and is very sturdy .
 My son used this for early potty training -LRB- while still sitting -RRB- and my daughter is currently using it . We tried several others , and we were particularly interested in something that would be portable . The small toilets that you have to empty out every time are messy and troublesome and totally miss the portability option . The ones that fold were n't sturdy enough . This is a great shape to help hold the child in place . The hole is n't too big , so my kids were n't afraid of falling in at all . The guard on the front is great for little boys just learning , but it is n't too sharp or too tall , so it did n't get in the way of the sitting . The shape of the seat also helps to guide parents exacly where to sit the child so they wo n't miss . It is easy to get on and off the toilet so adults can still get to the potty quickly , or vice versa . While it does n't fold , it is quick and easy to keep in the trunk of the car for resturaunt visits and emergency stops at convenience stores . And I found a canvas draw-string bag that I used to carry it in so I was n't toting a potty around . This is a perfect seat .
 ... TWO YEARS LATER ... I still have not regretted my purchase of these 2 seats -- they are still as strong and sturdy and clean as on day one . My daughter is now 4 1/2 and is still very comfortable on them and still uses them every day . My son is now 2 and he uses them and now I 'm really thankful for the guard which works really well . Great investment - like I said before , take my advice and make this one your first choice . . Finally we have found a sturdy potty seat that snugly fits our elongated toilets . The potty seat has a dial that secures it firmly to your toilet seat , is made of sturdy plastic , and has a guard , and no creases or seams to catch icky , smelly stuff . My daughter is 2 1/2 and loves this seat . She sits on it sometimes for 1/2 hour and sings all the songs she knows - so she is obviously very comfortable on it.Despite the price , we purchased a second one for downstairs and have n't regretted our decision . We will definitly use them when my now 6-month old baby boy 's potty-training time comes . My sister laughed that we paid that much for potty seats -LRB- she has 2 boys -RRB- , only to end up purchasing 2 of them herself !! Take my advice and make this one your first choice .
 We bought this about 8 months before my daughter started seriously training . Once she started training this was a great seat and she used it until about six months after she was trained and could get up on the seat on her own . Great seat .
 I 've bought 2 other toilet training seats prior to this one and neither fit my elongated toilet seat -LRB- high step Kohler elongated toilet -RRB- . The BabyBjorn fits my toilet seat perfectly due to the adjusting dial you turn to &#34; lock &#34; the seat in position . There are no holes or scary spots showing with this seat so my twin toddlers feel confident getting up on this seat . I have boy/girl twins and this seat fits both nicely . My boy is not as ready to potty train as my girl so I 'm not 100 % on how well the raised guard will work for stopping urine splashes from him . Happy I spent the extra money to have a seat that fits and is comfortable for them both !
 safe , sturdy and non-bulky toilet seat . My toddler now feels confident to climb onto toilet seat on her own - our previous training seat moved around so was very difficult to get onto . Easy to take travelling too .
 All the other toilet seat covers we tried did n't fit . This one fits securely and is easy to clean . Great
 We bought two . Have it up and downstairs our almost three year old likes this more then the potty chair . You must buy a stool with it but otherwise great
 we keep one upstairs and one downstairs . It 's easy to maneuver and wo n't slide around , cleans up nice . stores away easily .
 just starting out but the potty fits great on an adult toilet and is great for a boy sitting down .
 I was having a hard time finding a potty seat that fit our elongated bowl in the basement bathroom , until I came across this seat . The dial in back made for a snug fit . The seat does n't move at all and # 1 & # 2 go where they belong . Have n't had any issues cleaning it up .
 For some reason my son likes this better than sitting on his own baby potty . He has yet to &#34; go &#34; but at least , for now , he wants to sit on the toilet .
 We have two of these and love them . I tried to use the little potty that sits on the floor but I prefer this one . It is much less messy . We have a boy and the front of the seat is high so it keeps the pee in the toilet for the most part . Would highly recommend this !
 Love this thing . Relatively cheap , comes in various colors , has an adjustment knob to ` fit ' various toilet sizes , the hooks allows you to hang it -LRB- added a tacky hook to bathroom wall -RRB- and best of all it does n't have the creavises other seats have - let me explain . Had another potty seat that was ` cushioned ' - &#62; not sure why a kid needs a cushioned seat , it is not like they will be sitting reading the newspaper for ten minutes at a time - anyway , it did n't take long for the vinyl cushion to get pee and other ` gunk ' stuck between the cushion and the plastic rim - and then you have to look at it each time to put it on the toilet . This is a better option .
 I originally bought this potty because my oldest child 's potty trainer was too big for my toddler , which scared her . I was gritting my teeth paying $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for a seat , but I told myself I could use our other potty seat -LRB- with Dora characters -RRB- for car trips or something . Forget it ! Now that we 've been using the Bjorn for a month , that other seat is going in the trash and if we need another seat , we 'll buy a Bjorn again . Our old seat was always filthy and somehow managed to be dripping when you pulled it off the seat . The Bjorn potty is well designed and is not messy at all . I like the handle , so you can pull it off the potty without touching the seat . However , I ca n't imagine trying to hang this seat . It is not flat on the bottom at all .
 Great little toilet seat is adjustable to fit round and oval seats . Such adjustment , along with the rubber ring around it make for a very stable seat . Of course , saving the space in the bathroom by using this is a great benefit to those with small bathrooms . One huge plus that we havent seen a lot of on other training seats , is that there is a raised front to act as a `` pee wall '' for my clown of a son . : -RRB- Bought two we were so impressed .
 We bought this for our daughter , who is now 5 . It has been wonderful !! My 3 year old son is now using it . We just ordered another for the second bathroom in our house . The best part is this seat fits , and we mean really fits , on all sized toilet seats . We move frequently , and never realized how many different sizes and shapes toilet seats actually come in . BRAVO Baby Bjorn !!
 my son tried the peter potty pop top and the pee guard on that is not very good for a boy . this trainer seat is awesome , my son has no problem with it . the seat adjusts to fit all different sized toilets and the guard is nice and high . easy to clean as well .
 I love this toilet seat ! It is very easy to clean and fits really well on my oblong toilet seat . It does n't wiggle or slip out from under my toddlers . This is the 3rd seat I have purchased and it may be the last . Thanks !
 This seat is the perfect size for my 2 + year old son . I purchased the Baby Bjorn step stool too , so he is a `` BIG BOY '' because he can go to the potty all by himself . His behind fits snuggly on the seat , while his , well you know , stays in the toilet thanks to the splash guard in front .
 We had a really hard time finding a seat that actually fit our son . By no means is he a large child , but apparently it is too much to ask for him to be able to use the bathroom -LRB- # 1 or # 2 -RRB- without having to move forward or backward on the seat.Thankfully , this seat has a large enough hole that my 2 year old can comfortably sit without having to adjust .
 This seat worked perfectly for my 2.5 y.o. son . He is a big guy and the other seats were just to small for his frame . Also I have the oval toilet seats throughout my home and it fits perfectly . I have the BabyBjorn potty chair and now the trainer seat has just made our family so happy !
 My son has been using a trainer potty , but if I never have to wipe one of those out again it will be too soon . Borrowed another type of toilet-mount seat , but it slipped around and pinched his legs . Then I came across this one , and it is THE BEST !! I never knew I could get excited about a toilet seat , but this has really made my life easier .
 I have two of these . One for home one for Nana 's house . My son feels comfortable on it . It is sturdy and easy to clean . No creases for urine to get stuck in . No removable pieces.For now , my son straddles the seat and puts his hands on the raised area in the front meant for catching little boy 's stream . This position allows him to lean forward and get everything in the water .
 I know this is a more costly seat , but save yourself the hassle of your poor little one falling into the toilette because of an ill-fitting seat . My toilettes are oval , and the cheaper seats were just so unstable , this one is great ! It adjusts to the width of the potty , definitely worth the money !!!
 I bought this for my 2-year-old grandson who is just ready for potty training . I chose this one because of the excellent reviews and the brand name . It 's perfect ! It has a knob on the back that can be turned so that it fits exactly over the regular toilet seat firmly . We hang it on the wall right next to the toilet so it 's ready at a moment 's need , and when a little guy has to go , the seat needs to be ready right away ! And this seat is perfectly formed so that a little person 's bottom is cradled with room for the little fountain that we hope will ensue . :-RRB- We looked at other brands and tried some , but were unhappy with them all . Either the seat wiggled , or was made of a material that would absorb the smell that we want to flush , or the front was too low or uncomfortable for a little boy . Buy this -- well worth your money !
 Fits the toilet perfectly with the adjustment dial . I have a boy and all the pee stays in the potty . It is worth the money .
 I have tried several toilet seats and none seemed to work . This Babybjorn worked well . The raised area in the front could be a little taller but it is much better than the padded and unpadded seats we tried before . Overall this is a great seat with no areas for urine to hide and it 's easy to clean and came with a toilet hanger so it 's not in the way when he 's not using it . My little boy is 2 and can up it on by himself .
 I 've bought several potty training seats , and this is by far the very best out there as far as fit and stability.If I were going to change one thing about it , it would be to make a boy 's version and a girl 's ; the guard in front is pretty unnecessary for our daughter , and it gets in the way of her wiping herself.With that said , I 'm really happy with the way it adjusts to fit the seat and does n't wobble or slide to one side , like other seats I 've tried . It 's also very easy to take on and off the toilet seat so others can use the bathroom with no trouble , thanks to the handle.Don ' t bother with those other seats . This is the one you need .
 I bought that stupid Elmo seat and it does n't work . All of the other seats elevate the kid so that the pee -LRB- if you have a boy -RRB- goes flying across the room . This is the only ergonomically designed seat I 've found that allows the body to sink low , and it 's worth the ridiculous price in the end . Do n't waste your time or money on anything else .
 It 's hard to get excited about a potty seat , but my toddler loves this one . We keep the BabyBjorn Toilet Trainer on a low hook next to the toilet for him to grab . He can carry it by the little rubber handle and -LRB- with some help -RRB- put it on the seat . I 've already adjusted the potty seat to fit our elongated toilet . It fits nice and snug on top of the toilet seat with no rocking or tipping , and my son sits on it quite well with no danger of falling in or off it -LRB- he 's almost 2 but he 's big for his age -RRB- . It fits round toilet seats too with just a turn of the dial , which makes it great for travel . I wish it came with a travel bag/carrier of some sort . -LRB- I 'll have to make my own travel potty kit
 We purchased this toilet trainer because of its elongated hole . The regular potties have such a small , circular hole that my son did n't fit well on it . Also , the splash guard is higher than on most potties , which is excellent for boys .
 This is by far the best potty seat for toilets on the market ! I 've tried several others , and this is far superior to any others . Since it is adjustable , this potty seat does n't shift at all when put on the toilet seat.The sit down Baby Bjorn potty is also wonderful . For potty training , we 're only going with Baby Bjorn products from now on !
 My son has been using this seat for about a month after graduating from the BabyBjorn Little Potty . This is a fantastic seat for many reasons :1 . It has an adjustment dial to make it fit securely on most size toilet seats . This seat does n't slide around , unlike the padded seats without any adjustment , so my baby feels more secure while he is sitting on it .2 . It is one piece of molded plastic , so there are no crevices to collect anything and no need to take it apart to wash the inside ... just rinse or wipe with a disinfectant wipe .3 . The front shield is high enough to prevent any overspray from my son .4 . The seat is compact enough that we have packed it in our carry-on luggage when we travel
 We are in the earlier stages of potty training our 3 year old son and are still becoming familiar with all of the potty training accoutrements that are out there these days . I purchased another brand of toilet trainer , because it appeared to have a lot of extra padding , and although it was n't horrible , I could tell that my son just was n't comfortable when sitting on the `` big boy potty '' . We all know that potty training requires a lot of patience for both the trainer and the trainee , and comfort is key ! My husband came home with this Baby Bjorn trainer and it has worked beautifully . It has a snug fit on the toilet seat -LRB- and the fit is adjustable -RRB- , and is nicely contoured so that my son has the needed support to sit comfortably -LRB- and more patiently -RRB- on the potty . Although it is made of a harder plastic , it still seems to be more comfortable than the more padded versions that we were using . And with a boy , the built in guard has also come in handy .
 We had the Baby Bjorn LITTLE potty chair that sat on the floor and used this with our son from the time he was under a year old until about a week or so ago -LRB- when he turned two -RRB- . It worked great for infant potty training , but he was getting big for it and we were having trouble with messes on the floor from misguided actions.This Baby Bjorn toilet ring works great ! I love how it is adjustable . We have a round toilet seat and this adjusted easily to fit perfectly ! It does n't move around at all when it is in place on the seat . I have had NO trouble with his pee spraying out and making a mess , though I can see that IF he leaned back , the potential is there -LRB- but what chair is that NOT true about ? Just teach him that this is not a lounge chair ! -RRB- . This seat is also great as it has encouraged our son 's independence . He now wants to push the stool over to the toilet and climb up himself and try to do it all by himself . This seat was a good buy and worth the money .
 This seat is amazing ! My 15 month old daughter peed on it the first time she sat on it . We got the smart potty and she was sort of uneasy about it . The minute she sat on this seat she got the biggest smile on her face . It is so super easy to install and does n't wiggle a bit . It is n't extra colorful and flashy so my daughter feels like she 's really using the big girl potty just like mommy . I have seen a couple of complaints about leakage between this seat and the toilet seat . This does not happen if it 's installed correctly with the wings clamped under the seat .
 My 3 years old son loves it . It 's comfortable and I love how you can tighten it to the toilet so it wo n't move .
 I was n't sure if I 'd like this hard plastic seat , having used a padded one with my first child . But this is a really wonderful potty seat . It it easy enough to use that my two and a half year old can put it on and take it off by herself , and the adjustability means it stays put solidly . You do n't have to tighten it each time you use it - just dial the size to fit your toilet seat and you can take the potty seat off and put it on easily , yet it still really stays put when it 's in use.I had this seat and a Rubbermaid Roughneck -LRB- 9.5 '' high -RRB- step stool upstairs , and a Mommy 's Helper Contoured Cushie Step Up downstairs . I noticed my daughter was going all the way upstairs to use the potty , she preferred the Bjorn so much ! So now we have two Bjorns and the Mommy 's Helper is going to consignment.It 's a nice bonus feature to have the hanging loop . I put a Command hook on the bathroom wall , and my daughter takes the seat off and hangs it up when she 's done .
 I am a first time Mom so I have n't tried out other toilet training products . With that being said , I am very pleased with this purchase . The rubber strip that surrounds the entire seat keeps it securely in place . My daughter easily places and removes the seat using the attached handle . Also , she seems very comfortable when she is sitting on it ... she took to it right away . The adjustment on the bottom of the seat has proven useful . We have different shaped toilet seats in our bathrooms and this training seat can be adjusted to fit no matter which bathroom she is using it in . Very well thought-out design .
 My three year old told me `` this is the best , that one -LRB- pointing to her old one -RRB- is not good '' . In fact , this toilet trainer is wonderful .
 Seat works well , adjustable & fits our toilet well -LRB- standard seat -RRB- . Stays in place well , and my baby can sit on it himself -LRB- he is 5 months old -RRB- . We 've been using it since he was 3 or 4 months , and it worked well then too .
 We 've tried several different potty seats and this is the best by far :1 -RRB- Fairly easy to clean , integrated design . Love that it wipes clean if it gets messy2 -RRB- Built in pee guard for boys ... We had another seat with a snap on attachment , and of course it got lost while our daughter was using it .3 -RRB- very sturdy and stable on toilet . This seat positively sits on the toilet , and my son is comfortable on it for even long periods of timeWe tried the soft plastic ones , and ironically he complained a lot more about those being uncomfortable than this one . Highly recommended !
 I ca n't say enough good things about it . I love that it adjusts to fit your toilet seat - round or oval . Many of the other seats only fit round toilets so this one is great . And you can easily take it with you wherever you go . I would highly recommend this to anyone . I bought another one to keep at Granny 's house too !
 Our little boy loves this seat . It fits on our long toilet perfectly . Its lightweight and easy for him to bring to me when he is interested . Easy to disinfect and hangs on the bathroom door closet handle .
 This is a great trainer , my sons loves it and asks to use it . It adjusts easily to fit any toilet seat and stays fairly snug once installed . The bump on the front is very nice as well ; it helps keep it in . I must say though , the best part about this seat is that it is NOT made in China but in Sweden . A definite plus for me .
 I was skeptical about buying such an expensive potty seat -LRB- I previously bought the $ 10 seats that slip around all the time -RRB- . I started toilet training my 2.5 yr old son and he immediately felt comfortable on this seat . It stays put even when we do n't have time to tighten the ring all the way . He felt confident on it and and could easily get on/off by himself after 2 weeks of steady use . This seat is completely worth the money , imo , since it relieved some of my stress about how the training process would go . Awesome product .
 We got this seat because my daughter would n't sit on her other potty seat , which did not sit on the toilet . Once we got it she immediately wanted to sit on the toilet and read books and it 's been a great start to our potty training adventures ! I highly recommend it .
 This is the very best potty seat ! I wish I 'd had it when my younger boys were potty training . I love how it has an adjustment on the bottom so it can fit any kind of toilet seat . No worries about my son slipping & falling in the potty . Yes , it 's $ $ $ but so very worth it .
 We started with the seats that mount to the toilet . They were ok but this is so much more sturdy . The molded shape lets me feel like my 2 year old daughter is stable on the seat . They also pop out easily , with a pressure fit and easily adjustable dial . I 'm a big fan and if you have any hesitation , do n't . This is a simple , no-fuss quality product .
 I would have given this product 5 stars for design , comfort and ease of use but quality was a big issue . As most moms who are potty training know , it 's kind of messy . I was wiping down the potty seat with a Lysol wipe and the oval handle at the back of the potty seat cracked along the plastic edge . The potty seat can still be used , but it was disappointing considering the price . I probably would n't let this discourage me from purchasing the product . It 's a great design that can be used easily and makes the potty look more comfortable for little ones .
 My son is 3 years old and I potty trained him in 1 day . I purchased this toilet seat along with a potty book for boys -LRB- and no potty -RRB- . He learned to go on this by itself , I was amazed at how fast he learned . All I had to do was get rid of the diapers and buy him big boy underwear to start the potty journey . It took a day of `` accidents '' , but it was well worth it . This toilet seat is versatile and you can take it along anywhere you go ! I highly recommend it -- no need for a potty either :-RRB- .
 I purchased this potty seat for my 3 year old little boy to move him from his `` little potty '' to the standard one . It has been a great purchase . There are no areas that can not be cleaned and it is dishwasher safe . I put up a hook to hang it on and it stores discreetly out of site while still being accessible to my little boy . The adjustable feature makes it a secure fit on the toilet and does not allow it to slip as my son is climbing up . I would very highly recommend this seat , it is worth the higher price just to have something that can be cleaned so thoroughly , not to mention that it is highly functional .
 This potty works just as described and has been very easy to use . My only complaint is that for a little boy you do have to be sure to push his privates as downward as possible because the bump at the front is not that high . Once I did not do this and had pee going everywhere .
 I would buy another one . Perfect fit for boys . Big enough to keep everything in the potty but small enough for him to feel comfortable . Worth the price : -RRB-
 Great , has a turn-dial on the underside that widens or narrows to fit your toilet seat . I have a standard , small toilet and it fits with the dial in the narrowest position . THE BEST THING IS
 I purchased this seat 4 months ago and it has been great ! It appears to be well made and I 'm sure it will last a long time . I love the simple white color so it blends in with the regular toilet seat . It fit 's securely on each toilet I have tried it on . Adjusting the seat to fit any toilet is very easy . It is smooth and easy to clean . This seat is a great purchase because you 'll need a training seat anyway and you can just skip the separate little potty completely . It 's so much more convenient to just flush everything away . My 17 month old daughter seems to feel very comfortable and secure on this seat , yet it has a large enough opening so I 'm sure she will use it for a long time . Going straight to a seat like this , especially plain white with no cartoons or colors makes a regular toilet not seem scary . My daughter will use the toilet in a public restroom with no fear . This is a good high quality toilet training seat and I 've been very pleased with it !
 This seat has worked very well for our 25-month-old boy . Very easy to use and clean , and also easy to remove and replace to allow adults to use the toilet . One caution
 I think you have to like this toilet trainer . It 's comfortable , reliable and easy to clean . This is a better model than many alternatives .
 This is a very well-designed potty seat : - Our toddler thinks it 's very comfortable . - The rubber rim prevents it from slipping . - The sizing mechanism is simple to use , takes only a few seconds to get adjusted to virtually any toilet , and holds on very securely . - The handle is useful for carrying or hanging the seat . - Overall , seems to be very durable.The only downside is that it is n't exactly tiny . It 's a couple of inches narrower and shorter than a typical toilet seat , and is roughly 3 or 4 inches thick at its thickest point , making it awkward to place in a diaper bag . It 's hard to imagine any way this problem could be eliminated , however .
 after my son tumbled off the potty with the old seat we purchased this adjustable one . It 's terrific , does n't budge and has a little guard that works ok . Perfect , highly recommend .
 Read reviews on what seemed like hundreds of various products and decided to try this one out after reading the good reviews . Well , i am glad i did my research . When your choosing something that you know will get messy but you will need often ... think simple and this little product is just that . Its very well designed for quick installation and no worries on it moving around , the rubber edge grips well . When you need to clean it , throw it in the shower spray it down with some bleach and voila ready for another go . If your on the market for a good product this is it .
 We ordered this seat for our daughter after she liked the one her cousins had . It is a great size for a little two-year-old learning to sit on the toilet . The front part can get a little messy if they scoot forward after using the bathroom , but the surface is very easy to clean . This is a great little seat .
 I bought this for my kids as part of their training to transition to a normal toilet . They used to get worried of falling into a adult toilet -LRB- some reason refused to use the kiddie pot - trying to ape parents ? -RRB- . this worked wonderfully and they enjoy using it as it makes them feel ` big ' like an adult . There is a an adjustment screw at the rear of the seat to allow it to fit snuggly to any shape of the toilet seat & prevent it from slipping . Thus quite useful for us.Now if it could also clean the bums as well ... haha
 This is great seta , for us , and my son . I love it because it stays put on the toilet , and eliminates cleaning out a little potty . My son loves it because it fits him and he can use the `` big potty '' . He has a little potty too , and he most always chooses this instead . I also like that it is small enough to travel with easily -LRB- stuff it in your diaper bag and fear not public bathrooms ! -RRB- .
 Have two of these -LRB- one for upstairs , one for down -RRB- as well as the Baby Bjorn freestanding potty . With a step stool , my 2 year old can put this on the toilet herself and get up onto it . Love the little potty as well , but obviously prefer that there is no clean up required with the seat toppers . Fits all three of our toilets perfectly and very comfortable for our child .
 I have yet to try a Baby Bjorn product that I do n't love . They consistently produce smart products for kids that are made at top quality . I read most of the reviews on this seat before buying it , and here are the things that stand out to me after using it for a couple of months :1 . It looks great . The white is clean-looking and fits in in any bathroom without looking gawdy . In addition , it 's not `` dated '' with any particular character -- I 'll be able to use this same seat for subsequent children -LRB- boy or girl -RRB- without any problem .2 . It FITS ! Granted , I 've only tried it on the toilets in my house -LRB- elongated seats -RRB- , but the adjustable wheel on the back of the seat means that it will fit snugly and not slip around if a wiggly , squirmy child is on top of it .3 . It 's so easy to clean . I do n't care how hard you try , or how well designed you think a potty seat is designed , it WILL get pee on it . Fact of life . The question is , does it wipe clean easily are you left in the bathroom scrubbing with an old toothbrush trying to get into all the cracks , nooks , and crannies ? The Baby Bjorn seat , with its simple , all-in-one design is easy to keep clean by wiping with a little toilet paper , and then disinfecting as often as you like with a disinfectant wipe . On a side note , sometimes we wind up with pee on the regular toilet seat -LRB- from splashing underneath the Baby Bjorn seat -RRB- and sometimes we do n't . I 'm not sure there 's ANY potty seat out there that will guarantee you never ever have to wipe up pee . We 're talking about toddlers/preschoolers here ... there will be some pee to wipe up from time to time . Again , I do n't see it as a flaw with this seat , because I 've yet to find any other seat that does any better .4 . It 's a great design for kids . My son sits comfortably now , and has room to grow -LRB- we started potty training around 20 months -RRB- . No , he ca n't get up and down by himself , but neither would I want him to at this age . As he gets older and better able to use the potty by himself , he 'll also be getting bigger and better able to get up and down by himself . I do n't see the problem with this -LRB- even though others have complained -RRB- .
 Have been using this toilet trainer for several weeks to toilet train a toddler . Item arrived exactly as pictured/described . Fits on toilet seat well and nice to be able to adjust it to different size seats . The child is comfortable on the seat , and the seat does n't wiggle around when the child gets on/off . I was also considering the Prince Lionheart toilet trainer seat , but am very happy I got the Baby Bjorn .
 I bought this potty seat b/c of the great reviews it had received . And I must say ; I agree ! We are still in the early stages of potty training for my 2 year old -- but this one is the right toilet fit , right size hole and has the very needed splash gaurd . I had first bought the safety first version and my son didnt even fit on the seat - it was way too small circle . Try this out - its worth the price !
 I originally bought the arm and hammer seat , because it was less expensive , however it did not fit on our toilet . This potty seat fits on all the toilets in our house , and will be fantastic to bring with us on trips if we have to , because we wo n't have to worry about it fitting -LRB- since it has a dial in the back that expands to fit just about any toilet seat -RRB- . Definitely worth money . I wish I would have just paid the money from the beginning instead of going the cheaper route , but you live and you learn !
 Fits perfectly on our toilet and is easy for our 23-month-old daughter to sit on securely . She can even put it on the toilet herself .
 Have n't had the opportunity to need this yet as we are still utilizing the baby potty seated on the floor as our guy is too little to get on the regular potty yet . However , wanted to get everything together and ready when we will need it . This seat is very well made and really like that it is all one piece so there is no need to worry about bacteria collecting around a `` snap on '' deflector -LRB- for boys -RRB- . Purchased 2 of these , one for myself at my home and one for my daughter and son-in-law at theirs , as they are in the process of potty training our grandson . It was easy to adjust to fit our regular seats , and I now have it on a hook next to the regular potty when the time comes that we are ready to use it . I also purchased the stool and potty book ... and am ready whenever my kiddies are . Highly recommend this seat as it very well made .
 We have now bought 3 , count them 3 , different potty scenarios for our 2-year-old , and this is by far the best . Stays on snugly , prevents leaks well , easy to clean .
 I have three kids and I bought this for my third -LRB- the others were a little old -RRB- . This is a great product , comfortable even though it is not a soft seat . My first 2 were girls and any seat would do but for a boy this is great , no mess .
 We bought our Bjorn seat over 6 months ago from this site . It works great on our elongated Toto seats -LRB- approximately 4-5 years old -RRB- -- it just sits on the Toto seat and the rubber on the Bjorn seat keeps it from sliding around . Just make sure that the adjusters -LRB- manually adjustable -RRB- under the Bjorn seat near the handle are the right width to fit between the sides of the Toto seat . My son -LRB- 3 years old as of yesterday -RRB- can get on and off by himself without the Bjorn seat shifting or sliding -- the slight inward tilt of the Toto seat helps to keep the Bjorn seat extremely stable . The Bjorn seat is extremely comfortable for my boy , and is very easy to clean .
 I initially bought this potty seat based on reviews that said it was good for a boy . It seemed a bit pricey , but was cheaper at amazon.com than anywhere else . My main objective with this was for my son to poop on the toilet . He has constipation issues , so I thought a potty would be easier for him than trying to poop in his diaper . He does what we call a `` poop dance '' so we always know when he has to go . His little bottom fits well on this seat , and he uses it with ease . The shield in front is sufficient . We have not had any accidents yet . Common sense says to keep his boy parts pointed down , though . My son is on the small side , but I think this potty seat will carry him through his training . I like that it is adjustable to fit on all toilets . We are currently using it on an elongated seat . As we are not seriously training yet , he does not get on and off the toilet himself . He does try to put the potty seat on the toilet himself , though . All in all , I highly recommend this product . It is easy to clean and sleek/contemporary looking . A lot more expensive than the $ 8 potty rings , but worth it for the comfort of the kid and the fit on the toilet . I have just ordered a second one , and will most likely be taking it on vacation with us .
 I have a long toilet top at home and it fits perfect . I even Bring it with me to stores and it fits on those toilets to . I taught my son to push/move his privates downward so urine goes into the toilet , so there is no mess while sitting . Just FYI from another review . This item is sturdy , easy to clean and great to take with you when you are not at home .
 There is a reason this item gets so many 5-Star reviews . With twins , we bought two , along with the matching step stools so that we could have them in both bathrooms . These seats fit both toilet seats snugly , yet are easy to remove for the adults . This product is a big winner !
 I recommend this potty seat to all the mom 's I know . We had a different brand one before buying this seat and it pinched my sons private parts . This seat is all one piece and is easy for my son to put on and take off the potty . It has a wheel that adjust so it can fit in different size toilets . It has a convenient handle for carrying and hanging and is super easy to clean.You can not go wrong with this seat !!
 We are in the process of transitioning our son from a separate little potty to this seat on the big potty . I wish we had known about this seat from the beginning . It really is wonderful and could have worked well with a smaller child . He likes taking it on and off as needed . It has an excellent shield for boys and seems really comfortable for all occasions . It is easy to clean and looks good in the bathroom , too . Our son like the teddy bear on it .
 We bought this for our 6 month old son after he started eating solid foods . We do Elimination Communication -LRB- EC -RRB- , and he 's been using the Baby Bjorn Little Potty since he was 3 months old . Once he started on solids and his poops were larger and less easy to clean , I wanted to graduate him to a toilet insert . This one is perfect . It fits well , is easy to put on and take off , and is easy to clean . He is just as comfortable on it as he was on the Little Potty , and it 's not so large that I worry about him falling in . Highly recommend as the next step after the Little Potty .
 It is well worth the price . I tried other potty chairs and seats but my youngest would only use this one . The quality is far better that the others out there -LRB- It should be for that price !! -RRB- I do n't regret spending the money on it at all . It is easy to use and even my two year old can take it off the toilet and put it back on .
 I have a 3 year old little guy who is totally not into potty training . I bought a trainer at one of our local stores and it was n't stable on the toilette and it was n't big enough . Left ugly red marks on my little ones rear.In order to get him more interested in potty training I decided to try a new approach . We are very happy with this product . I does what it says it does , its easy to attach , easy to remove and it is stable when its on the toilette . Once more it looks like the `` big potty seat '' my little guy enjoys putting it on and taking it off himself . I hung a low hook on the wall so he can also put it away himself . This toilette trainer has made him feel like a big boy . I would recommend this item , expecially to parents of little boys who are perfectly content with diapers .
 Works well and no bells or whistles to distract the child from what they are doing . Easily portable to every bathroom in the house . Make sure you buy a step stool !
 This little seat is very secure - no slipping or moving around on the toilet , yet it is easy to take on and off . It also sits tight enough that nothing leaks between the trainer seat and the toilet seat . Very easy to clean as well . I will warn you that little boys can still `` shoot '' over the small guard . I am careful to position my little boy so that he is slightly leaning forward so that the `` projection path '' is downward . I have tried other seats with larger guards but these seem to sit too close and/or he easily removes them . This seat is a molded plastic and the guard is not removable . Because this guard is not so large it would not get in the way of a little girl using this seat , too .
 I LOVE this potty seat . It 's everything this mom-germ-freak wanted ! It 's super easy to clean , easy to take with to public restrooms and BEST of all , there is no little `` boy guard '' to fall into the toilet !!!!!! I have had almost every little potty device with my older 3 kids , but nothing stood up and was easy to clean - sure one potty seat was nice and cushy but with it not being one piece like this seat , urine would get in between the plastic - YUCK!It can fit my tall 4 year old boy and my tiny , pint sized 2 year old perfect !! I wish I would have had this starting with my first child !
 This potty seat is great when you have an elongated toilet seat on the big potty . It tightens to fit any ring , only problem is it does n't stay tightened , you have to keep tightening it every time you put it back on the big potty .
 Is it possible to get excited about a potty seat ? Yes , it is . My 4-year old daughter has been using this seat for four days now and I am thrilled . After owning three other types of seats , I am sold on this Baby Bjorn seat . All of the other seats were so hard to clean and literally collected urine on the underside , it was so gross and impossible to keep clean . The last one I had even leaked the urine onto the adult seat , it was terrible . This Baby Bjorn seat is one-piece and that makes all the difference - there is no where for the urine to collect except inside the potty where it belongs ! The seat fits nice and snug on my round toilet seat as well as the elongated one at my parent 's house - I bought another one for their house . And the bright pink and white seat is too cute . Thank you , thank you for making a decent potty seat that you can keep clean !
 And it 's so easy ! It stores under the cabinet and my son pulls it out and uses the bjorn step stool to climb on the potty . He has no problem placing this on the toilet . It cleans super easily too . Just wipes down . HIGHLY recommended !
 I was skeptical given the price of this product -LRB- and since I needed 2 -RRB- but I went ahead and bought them since all the reviews were so great . I have to completely agree ! It fits perfectly in the toilet , is easy for my son to put on and take off -LRB- he 's 2 -RRB- , the size is perfect that he does n't have to worry about falling in the toilet , and the little splashguard on the front is a life-saver -LRB- or should I say floor-saver ? -RRB- I VERY HIGHLY recommend this product , and given that I was so skeptical , I takes a lot for me to say that !!! Worth the expense !!!
 Wow ! We have had this for two weeks and she is potty trained . We had tried everything , but this was the one .
 My son is almost three , and big for his age -LRB- 38 lbs , 37.5 inches -RRB- , and we 've had trouble with all of the other potty seats we used , as the potty guard was not nearly large enough . This one is great ! It cleans easily , fits the toilet snugly , seems comfortable enough for my son , and , best of all , actually has a potty guard large enough to work -LRB- most of the time ! -RRB- . In fact , we 've liked it so well that we 're getting a second one for the upstairs bathroom . Although this is expensive , it was definitely worth the money , in my view . I 'm not sure that it would be as necessary for a girl . -LRB- A side note , we 've also used the Baby Bjorn potty chair -- it was one of the only potty chairs large enough for my son to use comfortably -RRB- .
 So secure ~ truly fits any toilet so snug with its unique adjustable `` arms '' undearneath . You would never have to worry about your child falling in or it coming off like so many others once you fit it to your seat which takes about 2 seconds and is soo simple . Love it !!! Thanks for a great product !
 This product is very simple and easy to use . Like all the babybjorn items the construction is simple yet meaningful , without the useless complexities . It 's a bit pricey , but very effective . Worth the money .
 I was somewhat skeptical of potty seats as the ones we 've owned slide all over the place.This seat is super comfy , no pinching , no crevices for the pee to get into , 1 piece molded plastic , easy wipedown if needed . Super easy to adjust and it FITS tightly to the seat , no sliding at all . Comes off with one hand , my son can do it . Seat has large enough hole that things are comfy for my little guy . We also own the Bjorn potty chair and it 's just as great . Both have alot bigger opening than most potty seats and chairs , so they work well for older kids too .
 This seat is worth the money , particularly for little boys who need a decent splashguard . I purchased cheaper seats that were two piece construction with minimal guards that were a nightmare to use . With two piece construction , urine often would find its way between the two pieces creating a horrible mess . With this seat that is not an issue and it 's easy to clean . With potty seats you get what you pay for . Pay the extra $ 10 for this seat and you 'll have a high quality , durable seat that is easy for your little man to use .
 A little overpriced , but better then any other I have seen before . Deffinitly better then soft ones .
 This is an awesome potty chair . It fits on the toilet perfectly , is very secure , and the guard keeps all things yellow in check ! It seems very comfortable for my son too . I love anything BabyBjorn !
 My son first used this in Sweden and I had to purchase it since he was very comfortable using it . Easy to use and easy to clean .
 Highly recommend this toilet seat , it 's a little more pricey , but worth it . First bought the cheap kind and then ended up buying this seat anyways . The seat attaches easily to any toilet seat . Very sturdy , no sliding around or coming lose . I was finally convinced when I saw how excited the kids at the home daycare where to use it , I also purchased the matching step . My little girl is almost obsessed with potty training and we just leave the bathroom door open and she can use it herself with very little help . Of course we spend a lot of time reading books while she sitting on her throne , with great success by the way .
 Excellent Toilet training seat . My daughter is able to sit on her own and the seat remains in place . We had an extra long toilet seat and this one fits like a charm . The only con is the price , it is three times more expensive than regular toilet training seats .
 This seat meets the needs of my son in all of our toilets - from the round bowls that are nearly 100 years old to the new enlongated bowl we just had installed.Its stability was key for my son , who found the rocking of other seats to be an impediment to using the toilet . Potty training is hard enough , without feeling like your seat might slip!The seat is perfect for a little boy just learning to use the toilet , but large enough for a small adult to sit on as well - a key advantage when all the toilets in the house must be so equipped day and night.Excellent for all ages of children who need to use toilets with seats that are too big for their little bottoms .
 This was much better than the Munchkins brand seat I bought first . It did n't really fit on the seat right so it did n't get used . This fits perfectly and is easy to clean .
 I bought 2 of Babybjorn toilet trainers since my daughter was one and a half years old . They are great . My daughter love them . They are very stable on the regular toilet , unlike some other brands . The locks work very well , just a little difficult to clean . I just bought the pink one to put at her grandma 's house . It 's very cute .
 This has been one of the best of the baby/toddler items I have ever purchased ! We have one for each bathroom and could n't live without it !
 I really enjoy this product and I am going to buy another one for my other bathroom . it is easy to install and really sturdy . It cuts out the step of training from floor potty to toilet . It is the perfect size for little bums so they do n't fall in the toilet . -LRB- my son is really skinny -RRB- its easy to hang and if you want you can put it in an extra large Ziploc and take it with you when you have to go out in case you need to use a public toilet . great product and totally worth the price !
 We just potty trained our daughter 2 weeks ago , and having her sit on the big potty has been a challenge . We 'd much rather her to her business on a real potty than the plastic Baby Bjorn potties that we also have.This device is simply fantastic . What you would expect from Baby Bjorn . Well priced , well made , and very functional .
 Wish I would have bought this at the start of potty training . I thought I would try one of the cheap ones !!! Do n't make the same mistake I did . Just fork out the cash up front . Totally worth every penny !!! Ca n't say the cheap one was worth a dime !!!
 The Baby Bjorn potty seat is super easy to use - just stick it right on the seat and turn the dial to tighten or loosen . It works perfectly with our elongated toilet . Our 2-year old son uses it with ease and is perfectly content to sit there for a long time - sometimes longer than I want him to - he 's happy just hanging out on there reading his books . That said , I do notice that his bum is red when he gets off , which makes me wish the seat were cushy . However , he does not seem uncomfortable sitting on the seat at all and will sit there for 20 minutes sometimes . So , I guess he is comfortable and whatever is causing the redness does n't bother him .
 I first bought a First Year training seat for my 2-year old boy . Whenever my boy moves on the seat , it moves . A few times my boy would have fallen off the seat if I was not there holding him . Also the front was not high enough for a boy . BabyBjorn seat is secure on the toilet . My boy seems very comfortable on it . The front has the right height so my boy has stopped using his hand to help himself pee .
 This potty seat is amazing ! My two year old son just toilet trained this week . We have the Bjorn toilet and the toilet seat . We took the toilet seat to a baseball game -LRB- fits into a backpack -RRB- and he used it four times ! Now he just wants to use the toilet seat a home . I suggest getting the step stool too , it is very sturdy and makes getting up onto the toilet easier . Great buy ! -LRB- I am buying another one for grandmas house -RRB-
 The curve fits little kid 's bottom well . Kids can put the seat on and off by themselves . Works well with boys and girls .
 I read the reviews of the many , many potty seats out there before I bought this one . It was the ONLY one with good reviews and figured that was my best bet . I could n't be happier . It fits on the elongated toilet seat which apparently others do not . -LRB- Apparently Baby Bjorn also makes one that is rounder and I saw people complaining about those not fitting . I think you just need to make sure to buy the one with the longer depth if you 're looking for the elongated fit . -RRB- My daughter has no problems using it and has already started going potty in it . Very easy to use and transport and just a great fit for us .
 This is a great product for even the most difficult little potty trainee . We bought one just for car trips because our kid will use a public toilet with this seat attached but will not use portable potty
 This potty seat has absolutely no rough edges . It keeps my skinny 19-mo-old on the seat comfortably . It is made of smooth plastic with an adjustable wheel underneath that allows bottom paddles to extend outward to sit tightly against any toilet seat . It has no fabric , so it 's easy to wash with soap and hot water in the tub if needed . It is definitely worth the $ $ for a seat that will last through kids and grandkids . If anything , I wish they 'd put handles on the side -- to hold onto and to prop up books : - -RRB-
 I bought two of these for potty training my son since I was NOT cleaning out a typical potty . This potty seat did the trick for both of us ! My son was absolutely comfortable sitting on a regular sized potty with this seat and I had no messes to clean up after every bathroom trip . It fits nicely into our current toilet seats and adjusts easily to other seats when we travel . Six months later , my son is comfortable enough with regular toilets not to use this seat . I would absolutely buy this again or give it as a gift .
 This has been very easy for my son to use . It does n't wobble on the seat so he feels secure . A tall stool makes it easy for him to toilet independently . He started using the separate toilet seat at around 20 months and had success using this seat independently -LRB- as a transition to no seat at all -RRB- at around 30 months . Highly recommended as a transition from a separate potty chair to the toilet . Also great to bring along for trips .
 There is not better toilet seat for toddlers !! We have one in every bathroom . Easy for the boys to put on themselves . The most stable seat available .
 I wish I had found this months ago , this is the 3rd potty seat that we have tried and the only one that my son will sit on for longer than a few minutes , he will sit on it and read books while trying to go potty . It fits snugly on our toilets . The price is high but well worth it , I have bought a second for our upstairs bathroom . Highly recommended !
 Wish I had bought this sooner ! It was not available at my local retailer , so I bought a `` character '' seat that was available . The `` character '' seat slides around on the toilet seat and is not safe and does not feel secure for my daughter . The Baby Bjorn attaches easily and securely , and also removes easily from my elongated -LRB- vs. round -RRB- toilet . Although the Bjorn costs more than my initial one , it is well worth it .
 This has been a great for our son . We are looking forward to using it with our daughter . No nasty cleanup . We just clean it when the clear the toilt . The only downside is that I wish that I had 2
 My daughter was 4.5 yrs and still refused to go on the potty ! Initially we tried the cushiony seat that just moved all over the place . I finally figured out that she had this huge fear of falling in the toilet . I let her know I was buying a seat that would never let her fall in . We anxiously awaited it 's arrival . Two days after receiving this Baby Bjorn seat , she was fully potty trained and we threw away all the diapers .
 I think this is the best potty because it does not slip off . I have a five year old too so I can just take it off and put back on whenever or you can lock it down but you do not need to . My baby feels safe on it and he likes sitting on it ! Baby Bjorn is a great company with quality products so you will be happy with it !
 This would be the perfect product if it fit our toilet seat . The handle sticks out in the back and bumps up against the toilet seat lid causing an improper fit . I am considering cutting the handle off .
 My son just turned 2 . He is 36 pounds and 35 inches tall . I wanted to get a stand alone potty that could be used anywhere in the house , but I could n't find any seats that he fit on ... by far . If you have a large toddler beware that many of the stand alone potties are tiny!I had no choice but to look for an insert for the regualr adult toilet . The character soft seats were cute , but just one look at them in person and you can tell that the pee would go everywhere but in the toilet . I did n't want to spend the extra money but the Baby Bjorn is very well constructed , especially for boys . The splash guard is built in and tall enough so no pee can escape . When my son used it the pee did hit the guard but then went down into the toilet . A quick rinse and wipe and it was all clean . Other inserts have a clip on splash guard that would be much messier to clean up . It also has a nice handle that is easy to hang on a hook next to the toilet .
 In a move of overzealous anticipation which has become common for me , I bought both this toilet trainer seat and the Bjorn stand alone potty for my daughter when she was 18 months old . Obviously she did n't do much with either , but she liked to sit on the stand alone potty and pretend she was going , or put her stuffed animals on it to make them pee . Fast forward to about a week ago , she just turned 2 in August , and she uses this toilet trainer all the time . For some reason she will not use the stand alone at all . As others have mentioned , she can place it on the toilet herself , which she really enjoys , and even helps me wipe it off after using . Even with a girl , she has managed to pee over the splash guard twice so far , but it is really a small price to pay for how clean and convenient this seat is . Partially it is because she is so fascinated with seeing what is going on that she leans back and the pee goes out , so it is not actually a flaw in design . I love that it fits in my -LRB- formerly -RRB- diaper bag , so she always has a clean toilet seat , even while travelling . I was skeptical of this seat initially , but bought it anyway based on the reviews , and boy am I glad I had this on hand and ready to go , because when the timing is right , it 's right !
 I was so happy to find a toilet trainer that fit my elongated toilet seat . My son is comfortable on it . The open space is large enough for a male child to do number 1 and 2 simultaneously w/out having to adjust his position to ensure pee lands in toilet !
 Very sturdy . Easy to clean . Can be adjusted to fit toilet seat and stays in place . Great item .
 Simple and Elegant in Design.I 've never met a BabyBjorn product that I did n't love.Easy to use , Easy to Clean , the kids gain confidence on the Real Potty and you 're not wiping poop out of a `` bucket '' . It 's worth the extra costs , it 's worth the shipping costs if you ca n't find it near you !
 So easy to put on , use and take off that my two-year-old has no problem doing it by himself . I have an oval , enlongated toilet that we use this seat on . A twist of the dial in back simply adjusts it to fit . There 's no screwing and unscrewing it each time you use it ... just do it once for fit.There 's a different brand at church that has handles , so I thought he 'd miss not having the them to hold onto . He does n't miss them at all . In fact , if you are potty training , it 's best to imitate the really thing anyways . You 're not going to find handles on a public toilet , so why train your kids to get used to them being there?The rubber edge allows it to grip the seat . You put it on there and it 's not going to slip.The gentle contour of the front splash guard makes it a great seat for both boys and girls to use . It does n't get in the way and is still functional.It does what it says and does it well . Very happy with this purchase .
 We 've used several different potties , but this seat for the toilet has just been great . We 've used it in several public restrooms and regularly at home . Our 2-year old son is comfortable using it because it is so solid .
 The raised area in the front helps keep everything going in the right direction for little boys -LRB- and girls -RRB- who sit down to learn . It fits well on the toilet when adjusted -LRB- which is very easy to do -RRB- . This is the second one we purchased and we are thankful for both of them -LRB- one upstairs and one downstairs -RRB- .
 Good fit for my toilet , good for my little girl , two and half years old . Easy to use , although not sure of sterility of adjustment mechanism , but stays in place good . The design is cute also .
 I purchased one of these several months ago in order to transition my son from a potty chair to using the real thing . I love this potty seat ! It fits well all shapes of toilet seats and is secure . The slim design also travels well . My son never feels like he 's going to `` fall in '' . I love this seat so much I 'm going to order a second one for another restroom . Well worth the 25 $ !
 This potty seat fits the toilet securely , unlike the other potty seat we tried -LRB- a Sesame Street one from Target -RRB- . It is secure and the deflector is high enough to actually work . Perfect for little boys -LRB- and I 'm sure girls too -RRB-
 This was a good buy for my 27 mo old stepdaughter who is potty training ! The seat fit well on my standard toilet and did not move or cause messes . She sits comfortably and is able to toilet herself happily and independently ! I put a 3M Command hook next to the toilet and the seat stays there when she 's not using it . When she is ready she easily takes it off and puts it on the toilet herself ! A must buy for all parents potty training and a great alternative to using a floor potty .
 We have an elongated toilet downstairs and a small/standard toilet upstairs and we have one of these seats for each bathroom . They fit perfectly on both . I read another reviewer who put over the door hooks on her water tank which is what I did to hang the seats up between uses and it works perfectly . My kids -LRB- 2 & 5 -RRB- can put the seat on independently which is nice . They are easy to clean and I have no complaints .
 This was in between the bjorn potty and the real toilet and my son really did n't mind using the big toilet with this . He felt very secure . If needed , it 's easy to take on a car trip for other bathrooms .
 this is great , it fits very well on the seat is very solid and not flimsy . It has a hook to hang it up when not in use .
 I did lots of research before buying this seat . At first I wondered why it was about twice the cost of the others out there . After reading LOTS of reviews I decided to take others word for it and paid the money . This works AWESOME , it fits on the toilet perfect with no shifting and I have never had a leak . It comes on and off really easy , my two year old daughter can do it herself now . We purchased the first one in white and then found it in PINK !!! So we sent the white one to Grandma 's and now my daughter feels comfortable there too , so a great thing for Grandma to have as well . I would highly recommend this product so you do n't waste money buying a cheep one then have to purchase a better one .
 Love this seat -LRB- and matching step stool -RRB- ! It was super easy to adjust to our toilet and my 3-year old took to it immediately ; he takes it on and off all by himself . I 've tried several other seats and this one does n't have the nook and crannies that the others have where urine seeps in and makes the whole bathroom smell . Just a quick rinse and it 's good to go again .
 i am using this potty seat for training my 3 yr old son , i must say that is the most practical and user friendly thing i have ever used.its so easy that even my son can put it on the toilet seat when he has to use it . no mess to clean easy to use and carry . its a must buy if you have kids .
 This was the fourth different potty seat we had bought for our granddaughter to use when at our house . She uses a child-sized normal potty at day care . so the regular potties at home can be daunting . This seat is easy to use , comfortable , and easy to clean . She can put it on herself and has no fear of falling into the bowl . I sure wish Baby Bjorn had been around when my kids were little .
 This one is firm and just shaped right for little but . easy to secure position and put away when not in use . And the white color makes it more like a regular toilet bowl so kid wo n't develop preference . sometimes shishi does come out depending on how kids sit .
 Our little one is in the 90 % for height and the little potties just were n't comfortable for her . After careful research , I purchased this potty seat and it was miraculous ! She liked being able to put the seat on the toilet herself and she felt comfortable and secure sitting on it . We 've had the seat for well over a year and it 's still in great condition . We store it between the toilet and the sink when it 's not in use . I 'm an Amazon fanatic and I 've made a few regrettable purchases , but this seat definitely does not fall into that category . Believe me , it works and your child will want to sit on it and go potty . We also purchased a potty chart -LRB- Dora -RRB- and in no time our little one was using the potty on her own ! I must mention that she has an expressive language delay and would rather just go do things independently and that is why I think the seat worked
 I `` splurged '' and bought this potty seat for my 4 year old son . I love the fact that it is plastic , and easy to clean . It adjusts well to the toilet seat , and it stays stationary . The splash guard keeps things where they need to be . :-RRB- The prior potty seat we had had a foam seat that eventually cracked , was difficult to clean , and it did not keep things where they need to be . I so wish I just bought this one the first time around !
 Bought the toilet seat for my 2 year old daughter , and when she saw it we ended up using it right away . She wanted to stay on the seat all day . It 's easy to put on , to clean , and seems very comfy .
 When we started potty-training our 3 year old boy , we were about ready to pull our hair out in frustration with the tools we had on hand . We had received a generic Cars themed potty seat from a relative , but it would wiggle so much on the toilet that we were too nervous to allow our son to get up on the toilet on his own . This bjorn toilet trainer allows you to adjust it to fit your toilet seat so there is NO wiggle room . We 've also liked that it is a simple -LRB- non-flashy -RRB- design , and the splashgaurd in the front wo n't hurt/scrape his little parts.Our son has adjusted well to potty training since we switched to this potty seat ... what a life-saver . One thing that I have noticed -LRB- especially with a boy -RRB- is that when I remove the seat to clean the toilet , that there are dribbles on the toilet seat . For me , the safety of the seat far outweighs a few dribbles that can be easily cleaned up , so I 'm leaving it with a 5-star rating .
 I am very happy with this purchase . We have an elongated toilet seat and this toilet trainer is the only one to fit perfectly . I also like that it is plain white and `` blinds '' in our bathroom.Easy to clean , easy to adjust , easy to put on the toilet and easy to remove.Both my kids love to use it -LRB- 6 year old daughter and 3 year old son -RRB- . Do n't waste your money with other seats , this is the ONE to buy .
 This is amazing ! You do n't need to worry about it slipping/sliding around when your little one is on it . We purchased a cheap one from a discount store and it was an accident waiting to happen.I love it and so does my son .
 I searched for a long time for a seat that would fit on my elongated toilet . This one fits perfectly , without any movement once attached ; it is very secure . If I had n't read another review that said it worked well on theirs , I would n't have bought this , as the product itself only says it is for any `` standard '' toilet . If you 're wondering HOW IT WORKS
 Perfect fit , easy to use , my 3 yr old can place the seat on the toilet himself and can sit on it with the help of a small step stool . We rinse it off and hang it on the back of his bathroom doorknob . The seat does n't wiggle at all , which I could see being a huge issue with some of the other over the toilet seats . Worth the extra money .
 I bought BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer to potty train my son . He likes using it , and the splash guard in the front works . There is an adjustment wheel located at the back of the seat by the handle to adjust the Toile Trainer to the size of the regular toilet seat . We have elongated Kohler toilets and the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer adjust to fit snugly.The reason I am rating it 4 stars is the adjustment wheel started slipping after a few removal and reinstallations . Now if I have to reinstall the seat , I pre-adjust it and then position it onto the regular toilet seat .
 Perfect fit for both our son and our toilet . Very comfortable for any size child .
 This is a great potty seat ! It fits great to the seat as it adjusts to fit snug . It does n't slide around on the seat like other ones I 've purchased . I love it !
 I have had this potty seat for 10 YEARS , 3 kids -LRB- 2 boys and a girl -RRB- ! It is n't a good seat for early training - for this I recommend the simple Baby Bjorn potty -LRB- which I have also had for 10 yrs -RRB- .
 I own 3 of these between two houses . Our daughter loves this seat and it fits on our toilets quite well . Heck , we 've even forgotten to remove it on occasion and I 've ended up sitting on it myself in the middle of the night . Quite comfy in a surprising kinda way at 2am . LOL ! This is a potty training necessity , buy it ! Buy it now !
 Overall , I 'm very happy with this product . No wonder everybody raves about it!The only feature that needs to be improved are the handles on the sides.This is quite a pricey toilet trainer and it deserves handles .
 I tried many different inserts before purchasing this one -LRB- munchkin , dora -RRB- . This is the only one that actually fits the seat without moving back and forth . My daughter needs ZERO assistance and I am not afraid of not watching her since it 's so secure !!
 This child 's toilet seat was very easy to place on the toilet from the first time I took it out of the box and it is very easy to remove so adults can use the toilet as well . As a bonus , my daughter , who used to sit too far forward and might pee down the front of the toilet , must sit a little farther back to avoid the bump in the front of the seat . No more messes or accidents ! I like the sanitary handle , too . We would recommend it to anyone !
 I could n't imagine spending $ 30 on a seat adaptor -- so I did n't . I bought a cute character one with handles . It slipped and slided every time my daughter got on it . I bought a soft puffy one with ducks . It was much too high and slipped even more . I bought a stand-alone seat ... she would n't use it . Finally , more than $ 50 later , I bought the $ 30 baby bjorn trainer . It fit perfectly . It did n't slip . It did n't slide . It has a loop at the top to hang it . AWESOME product !! I only wish I had found it first .
 This is a great product . As a first time potty trainer , I bought multiple products to find one that worked . We used this product upstairs & the BabyBjorn potty chair downstairs . My 2 yr old likes this product more than the potty chair , especially when it came time to poo poo . Less mess for everyone . Its hard to get him off the potty now . We liked it so much that we bought a 2nd toilet trainer for downstairs & have put away the potty chair for good .
 Ran into a little problem with our first over-potty seat -- our toddler -LRB- turns 3 this summer -RRB- had outgrown the splatter shield , and with little boys , this was a problem . I needed a new seat that worked for him , provided stability , and did n't require a separate potty -LRB- since emptying and cleaning the separate potty got to be a pain with his older brother -RRB- . Ordered this , and have been very pleased with the result . Our son -LRB- who is in the final stages of potty training and wants to be very independent -RRB- is able to put it on and take it off the potty all by himself , it fits snugly and securely , and it is extremely adjustable . Seat has the standard opening for taking care of business , but also 1-2 inches of additional `` supported depression '' around that for settling in little bottoms . We 're very pleased , but more importantly , so is he !
 I have a little boy and this was perfect for him . It 's very secure , does n't slip around the toliet seat , which could result in a very painful pinch for a little boy.I highly recommend this seat , and I 'm keeping it for round two , which says a lot because I always hand down his things to others .
 This seat works very well . My son feels secure on it and it is EASY to use . Highly recommended !
 Love the seat . It just did n't fit onto the toilet that we intended it for . It does work well on the others in the house , so we 're keeping it . FYI - the one that it does not fit onto is a round slow-closing seat -LRB- Bemis brand , I think -RRB- . Two problems - the back of the seat curves up , so the training seat can not sit flat . There is also little or no space at the hinge area between the lid and the seat , thus no space for the back end of the training seat to go .
 Great product , I 've purchased 2 , one for the baby 's home and one for our -LRB- grandparents -RRB- home . We recommend it highly .
 I have personally bought and tried several potty seats , and this is the best out there for an 18 month old boy + . It has a nice subtle design , strong and clamps onto the toilet so that it does n't move all over when the kid climbs onto the potty alone . The rise to catch urine for a boy is contoured and not scary to them unlike other seats that have a cup attachment that clips on . I have recommended this to many people and continue to do so . We are still using it and it has been 8 months !
 I bought the red/white one for my son 1.5 years ago -LRB- he 's 3 now -RRB- when he started potty training , after having purchased and returned many other brands that simply did not stay put on our TOTO elongated toilet seat . I just made sure that the `` paddles '' underneath this Baby Bjorn seat are out of the way , placed it on top of the TOTO seat , and there it stayed , without slipping at all . I do n't even use those `` paddles '' to grip the toilet seat ; the rubber ring around the entire outer edge of the Baby Bjorn seat sufficiently holds it in place . I then purchased additional ones to keep at my in-laws ' and parents ' places -LRB- they have different brand toilets , but this works just as well on those -RRB- , so that their other grand-toddlers and my kids can use it when visiting . It 's one piece , and no cushion , so it 's super-easy to clean . The seat and hole are big enough for my son to continue using it for a little while longer . This is definitely worth every penny .
 Loved it , fit the oblong seat , carry it with us to daycare every morning so he 's more comfortable to use the toilet there , has a great little ` bump ' in the front that acts as a liquid shield , great product !
 I bought this item after reading the reviews for it here on Amazon . I have a less exspensive cushioned princess toilet topper but this Baby Bjorn is SO MUCH better!PROS -- Easily adjustable to fit most -LRB- if not all -RRB- toliet seats.-Snug fit ; does n't wiggle/wobble when climbed onto by my 28lb 2yr old & no worries of her legs/fingers being pinched between the seats.-Ergonomic design ; my daughter seems very comfortable on this seat ; Much more so than the `` cushioned '' one I mentioned prior.-Would work well for girls or boys since it has a high front side which helps to avoid accidents.-Very estically pleasing.-One fluid piece so it is easy to clean ; no grooves , creases , etc. to have to worry about.-Durable ; something I can definitley hold onto for our next baby.CONS-N / A ; -RRB- I would highly recommend this item . It 's worth the extra $ 10 you 'll pay for it over the cheaper ones !
 I am so , so happy with this BabyBjorn Toilet trainer . No other trainer we tried would fit properly on the toilet . They were all very wobbly , and my son would freak out and refuse to use them again . This one not only has the little grippers on it , but it also seems to be a much better fit for the toilet altogether.We are well on our way to potty-training success , and it would n't have happened without this trainer !
 I had first bought a cheaper character potty seat to lay over our adult toilets , thinking that seeing the beloved characters would inspire my daughter to sit on the potty when beginning to train . She did sit on it , but it was VERY unstable . It would slide around our toilet , and often `` stick '' to her when she tried to get up . I always had to be near her to make sure she did n't fall . After reading other parent reviews , we ended up buying this toilet trainer and the babybjorn potty chair , and am very happy with the results . My daughter sat in the potty chair in the beginning and was trained within a week . After about 2 weeks of using the chair , my daughter wanted to sit on the `` big '' potty like her parents and switched to this trainer without any problems . She 's 2 1/2 and on the taller side -LRB- 38in -RRB- , and fit both the chair and trainer just fine . The trainer stays put on the toilet when my daughter is getting on and off , but is easily removed when adults need it . It 's lightweight and easily transportable -LRB- to grandma 's , etc. -RRB- . the high splashguard keeps pee from spraying out and the whole thing is easy to clean . Very happy with the purchase and wish I had just bought this in the beginning instead of wasting money on the cheaper ones .
 We like simple designs , things that look as normal as possible , considering what it is ! My kid did n't need a pink polka dot toilet seat to want to toilet train , but if that would help yours , by all means get the pink one ! I say whatever makes the process easier is what you should do . That is why I purchased a total of 3 of these when I realized my daughter preferred these to the little stand alone potties . Suddenly it became important to have one on each floor of our house , and one in a travel bag that we keep in the car . We just use a large tote bag when we go out and use this on public toilets , then clorox wipe it down afterwards . From our research , those portable ones are flimsy , often do n't fit correctly , pinch tiny tushies , etc. , etc. . So we 've found this to work well on just about every toilet out there , and it 's reliably sturdy and familiar for our kid to feel at ease whenever and wherever she may need to use it . So with 3 of these items , you could say we are fans .
 hi , after reading over 200 strongly positive reviews on amazon , i brought this last month for my 2 yr old . she wanted to sit on it right away ! she sits there pretty comfortably . . singing , wiggling . . but the potty seat does n't budge . Soooo easy to clean . this is my first potty ring and am so glad i made the right decision :--RRB- . my advise
 I think this seat is just great . My little boy will sit long enough to actually finish his business on this seat . The splash-guard actually works - I do n't have to show him how to point anything downwards . I had a seat by Munchkin that was awful - urine would collect in it and leak even after washing it off , and there was no effective spray-guard . So I got this seat as a replacement . I 'll admit , I was skeptical of the high-price , but it 's worth every penny . My older child had grown out of other seats , but even she can fit on this seat as its design is roomier somehow . So you will get your money 's worth . I ca n't say enough good things about this seat . You wo n't regret it !
 I went through so many potty seats when training my children . For my boy , having the shield build-in was key . At one time , I had one with a removable shield and it kept falling in the toilet . This one also has an adjuster for different sized toilets . It fits long bowls as well as the smaller ones . It was very durable as well .
 Had trouble potty training my 3 year old . He was to tall for his potty chair . This seat is perfect . He climbs up on the seat with no problem . It does n't slip or slide . It 's easy to put on and take off .
 This potty seat -LRB- toilet trainer -RRB- works great for us . It 's the only one we could find that adjusts to fit the toilet seat & stays in place . HIghly recommended !
 BabyBjorn has done it again . We have this potty seat , as well as the little Bjorn potty chair and step stool and we love all three products.The potty seat is comfortable and easy to put on and take off . It looks sleek , unlike those unsightly , bright `` character '' potty seats . As a result , I 'm more willing to keep this seat on the potty all the time , which in turn helps my son get on the toilet faster , which in turn means fewer accidents!At first I was hesitant to spend $ 30 on a potty seat , but now I see this product is worth the money .
 We found this to be an effective and inexpensive option . Our daughter feels secure on it , which is the most important thing , and it 's easy to clean . This actually was our second one , for the downstairs bathroom , after the first one worked so well . Get the stool w / it -- it 's lightweight yet she feels very steady and secure on it , she takes it w / her all over the house .
 Great product , fits perfectly . My son loves to use it and puts it on and takes it off the toilet himself when he needs it .
 Very nice comfortable seat . The adjustment feature is great !
 We are still in the midst of potty training but this by far has the best design . I have a little boy who is tall for his age and the potty chairs frustrate him and he is scared of the splash guards . This `` topper '' with the contoured design for a splash guard is the best I 've seen yet .
 I love this seat because it works on different types of toilets . It does not move around like some of them do . This is the third seat I tried , but just have not been as happy with the other brands . This one is great and worth paying a little more for .
 This seat , along with the matching step stool are great ! My daughter loves having her very own , special toilet seat and step for going potty . It has encouraged her to potty train , it fits the toilet seat nicely , and is easy for her to put on the toilet by herself . I put a suction hanger on the toilet tank and is easily put out of the way when mommy and daddy need to go potty , and she can easily get it and set it up for herself as well .
 We took one of these on a trip to Mexico , to potty train our then 3 year-old in a warm place where he could run around naked . We threw it in a plastic bag and then carried it around at the bottom shelf of a stroller - the stroller folded with the seat still in it when we had to board the airplane . Used it in the airport with great success , and then in the hotel . We started at home about a week before the vacation . By the time we came back our son was potty trained -LRB- for the most part. : -RRB- He is 6 now , and is still using the seat . We have it hanging on the hook next to the toilet , and there is a step stool right there , too , so he 's been completely independent in the bathroom for the last 3 years . He just takes the seat off the hook , settles it down on the toilet and then hangs it back when he is done .
 This is the best potty seat that you can buy . It 's one piece so it easy to clean and if you have a boy it has a great splashguard . Also , I love the handle so that you can hang it on the wall .
 I LOVE THIS . We 've run through several other potty seats that got messy , did n't fit right , etc. . This adjusts to your toilet seat -LRB- we have a larger than standard seat -RRB- , has a ring that kids can hang the potty up with , is easy for them to handle , easy to use , easy to keep clean . I almost did n't purchase this because of the higher selling price , but now I wish I had gotten one sooner . Considering purchasing multiples to keep in various bathrooms . So , so wonderful , encourages autonomy ! I do n't have a single negative comment on this product !
 I bought this for my son after reading the great reviews . It is great ! The only issue is that he had a hard time getting himself on it because the deflector shield is tall , however we started using it when he was 18 months and now he is a little over 2 and can get over it easier . He can pee and it all stays inside the toilet . We also have a oblong toilet seat and it fits snug . My son now knows how to put it on and off by himself . Great product !
 After reading all the good reviews about this , I decided to purchase it for my 1st time potty training experience -LRB- my 2 1/2 yr old son -RRB- . Though the potty-training is n't going so well , this seat is great ! It fits on our toilet easily and is easy to tighten so it stays put . It 's a great size for him , easy to clean , and he loves the `` teddy bear '' on it . A good buy , a great value . : - -RRB-
 Pros : - My 3 year old is very comfortable with this seat . Another kind he had before would flip and move on the toilet all the time and cleaning was not easy . - With this one , it is easy to clean.-It is also easy to adjust to the toilet , it fits securely , and you can easily remove it from the toilet and put it back on.Cons : - After using this toilet seat for a few weeks , there is one con that bothers me -LRB- however , I still prefer it to the old seat very much -RRB- . The pee guard is not vertically long enough in the down-ward direction . My son sits when he pees and even though he is very good at directing his pee downward , the pee hits the bottom of the guard and splashes under the potty seat onto the toilet seat . I find myself cleaning the toilet seat almost every time after potty time :-RRB- I have searched a lot and even with this mis-design , this seat seems to be one of the best out there .
 I definitely , wholeheartedly recommend the Baby Bjorn toilet seat reducer.This seat is contoured in a way that makes it comfortable to sit on and boy 's pee goes into the toilet.There is a kind-of dial thing at the back that you turn to make the seat fit snugly and securely onto your toilet so it does not shift when your little one is on it.The handle at the back means you can hang it on a little hook if you wanted to stick one of those removable 3M hooks to your wall.I also give bonus points for the colour - white without a licensed TV character in sight : - -RRB-
 My little girl can sit on here just fine and it even fits a German toilet !!!! I am very impressed with the seat itself . I give it 4 stars because I think the price is a little outrageous . I also left a review for the seller , I paid a hefty amount in shipping and it took literally FOREVER to get it here . The matching stool arrived almost 2 weeks before the toilet did .
 the extra stability that this seat gave our son gave him the confidence to use the toilet on his own ! the cheaper seats were a waste of money because they slid around too much . we have two of these seats and they fit on two very differently shaped toilet seats .
 My 3 year old was potty trained at 2 . Then we had a newborn , so he went back into diapers :-LRB- bummer . We tried , and tried , and tried . Nothing worked.Then , slowly , he showed interest again . But now at 3 he is more aware , and his oldDisney Pooh Soft Potty Seatwas not satisfying the royal bum . So he was usingBABYBJ&Ouml;RN Little Potty - Whiteinstead.A quick search on Amazon , and bingo ! BABYBJ&Ouml;RN makes a seat as well ! Had the thing in our house the next day -LRB- thanks Amazon Prime -RRB- and a potty trained kid ever since ! No kidding ! Not even one diaper ! My son even wakes up during the night and goes by himself to use the restroom if needed -LRB- too much watermelon anybody ? -RRB- Buy it ! Do not hesitate anymore .
 We had a hard time finding a toilet trainer that would prevent our little boy from getting pee all over himself and our bathroom . This seat did the trick . It is easy to place on the toilet - our 2 1/2 year old can do it all by himself . It also seems comfortable to sit on . You do n't have to worry about them falling off as this is a deeply seated toilet trainer . This allowed our little boy to sit confidently on the big toilet without fear of falling off . Overall , an excellect toilet trainer . We bought two for our house and two additional ones for the grandparents ' homes .
 this is a great potty seat . i already had one for upstairs , and bought this one to put in the downstairs bathroom . the adjustable knob makes it secure on the seat , so it does n't slide around , the little rise in the front keeps stuff from splashing out , and i like the clean look of it .
 Not the cheapest but you get what you pay for and this brand is one of the best out there . Easy to install in seconds . All thats left now to do is get our little boy trained . Buying this online at Amazon was the easy part !
 When my daughter first showed an interest in using the toilet , I bought one of those cheap toppers from Walmart . After a couple months I realized that it was starting to fall apart . The handles started to come off and then the seat started to tear exposing the foam on the seat . It was really gross ... Then I realized that I should of invested some money for the Baby Bjorn toilet trainer I originally wanted.My daughter was so excited to use her new toilet trainer when it came in the mail!She ripped the box open and ran to the bathroom to try it out . She loved it so much she would not get off the toilet.I really love the quality of this product.There is no tearing foam or handles that will eventually fall off , cleaning is a breeze , and it adjusts to different toilets . So it 's great to take on vacations ! Oh most importantly since I just had another child she can also use it in the future without it falling apart ! Definitely a good investment !
 My daughter really likes her pink potty seat . It is very comfortable for her as well as easy for her to put on the potty herself which is important to her .
 It 's durable , easy to clean and the kids love it . It does n't take up much space in the tiny bathroom .
 We have a VERY small bathroom ... so no room for a stand alone potty chair . This seat sits right on our toilet seat , which is handy . Our daughter has no fear sitting on her seat !
 I bought this for my 18 mo. old daughter . I also bought the potty chair from babybjorn . While the potty chair is convienent , my daughter seems to like the toilet trainer a little bit more . I like it because it fits on any toilet and is very sturdy . I was not afraid of my daughter falling or being pinched . I would recommend this to anyone !
 This seat has worked great for us . I was looking for a really secure seat for my timid daughter that would also be easy for her to put on the toilet herself . This seat has lived up to my expectations . The only issue I 've had with it is that it did n't fit on my parents toilet , which has a smaller plastic seat .
 They thought about the little things that would make this better than the competition . Kept the price reasonable . Very happy .
 I have a boy and I love this toilet seat . It 's very easy to clean . No weird corners or gaps to clean . The guard works for my boy -LRB- sometimes he did n't want to hold it down and the guard can still catch his urine -RRB- . One of the best feature is their black rim , which can secure a seat -LRB- no shaking or moving seat -RRB- very well . Some of my friends told me their toilet seat swift when their toddler using the toilet , which can scare them . I highly recommand this product !
 I wish I would have bought it a long time ago , instead of trying other unuseable seats -LRB- waste of time and money -RRB- . yes it 's expensive but nothing else works !
 Our daughter has been getting better at warning us when she has to use the potty , thanks to the reliability of this product . As other reviewers have noted , it does not move and is very stable.Pros : - if your child likes pink , your child will like this ! - stable adjustable adapter - easy to clean
 I bought one of the foam ones for my 3 year old . It worked great till it started stinking . I would spray it with bleach and the smell still did n't go away . I found this on Amazon and decided to give it a try . I love it . It is easy to use and stays put . The best thing is that it does n't stink and easy to keep clean .
 I bought this chair after buying to other seats first that my little one did not like at all . After reading the reviews I bought this one and I wish I would of got it sooner instead of spending my money with others that did not work . Very happy and would definately woudl recommend this pruduct .
 This is all around great ! I live in a doublewide , so the seats are a different shape ... and this fit well ! while the potty training process has been a long one this does make the transition an easier one ! I highly recommend this product . . plus , you can take it anywhere !!! hahaha
 Our daughter loves this potty seat . She asks to sit on it every time she walks past the bathroom and will stay on it longer than she will sit still anywhere else in the house . It was so easy to adjust to securely fit our toilet , but also comes off quickly too . The hook allows us to hang it next to the toilet when she is n't using it .
 Bought this as a travel seat even though they have other ones that fold . Am happy we got this on b/c she 's used to the Bjorn little potty . This one was an easy transition to the big potty and she felt secure sitting on it by herself . Takes some room in a suitcase but it 's worth it since it 's an easy transition and she liked it .
 Which just about says it all!This potty seat is easy for my daughter to put on the potty and remove . We have a hook on the wall for hanging it when she 's not using it . She seems to find it comfy to , judging from how long she 's willing to sit there sometimes . And , best of all , it 's relieved her totally valid fears of falling into the big potty , which means a lot less little potty clean-up for us.This is our 3rd potty seat . The other two had soft , foamy seats , which try as we might , we could n't keep clean . We ended up tossing them , as they would eventually begin to smell , and become discolored from the inside out . They always seemed to leave my daughter 's bum with an angry red rash too . So , the absolute best feature of this potty seat is how clean it is , how clean it stays , and how low maintenance it is . We wipe it down occasionally , but its wonderful design keeps it from getting waste on it , and keeps germs from accumulating.Lastly , it 's easy to install for any toilet . We have one in both our bathrooms , and sent one to my daughter 's preschool , so it fits large toilets as well.Despite the higher price , this is an item that will last a long time and function as expected . Ultimately , I believe that makes it worth the extra money .
 Our three year old son is incredibly comfortable using this toilet seat . His fear of falling in is completely quelled . It 's so simple for him to insert and remove as needed . Love the handle on the back . The construction is terrific for boys who want to begin potty training sitting down to pee . No mess !!!
 I have tried several potty seats in the last 3 months in an attempt to find one that actually fits my oval toilet seat but have been unsuccessful until now . Not only does it fit perfectly , it 's also adjustable for a regular round seat as well . It 's VERY easy to adjust just by turning the dial underneath the seat itself and once placed on the toilet it stays put . When you 're ready to remove it , just grab the front and pull straight up . It says it will fit a child up to 5 yrs . old , but I have a 2-1/2 yr . old who is average in weight but very tall in height and I ca n't imagine she 'll be able to use it past 3 or 4 yrs . old .
 We had 2 other seat covers , but they would slide on the toilet seat and the guards were n't large . This seat is like the BMW of toilet seat covers . It seems very comfortable -LRB- not that I 've sat on it myself , but my son can sit for a very long time on it -RRB- , it fits most toilets -LRB- has a little wheel you turn to make the inside part get larger or smaller depending on the size of your toilet , which makes it not move around much -RRB- , and it has a large pee guard . We 've since thrown away the other seat covers and bought a few of these for our house .
 I bought this potty after the insert one that I bought at Burlington did not fit our elongated toilet seat . The Bjorn potty fit perfectly with the adjustment of the dial . My daughter -LRB- 5mo -RRB- , who we are using Elimination Communication with , fits perfectly on the seat and uses it without any problems . I also love the fact that I can hang it up so that it is out of the way but easily accessible .
 i first sat my baby on this when she was about 9 months old , and we 've reduced the number of diapers significantly , with very rare # 2 diapers , woohoo !!! of course i had to hold the baby , but at 11 months , holding is discouraged . there are occasionaly wiping of the front lip , but it seems much less ickier than cleaning out a typical potty.this fits almost all toilets except some smaller-sized apartment toilets , though i was able to place it on the toilet seat without having the trainer fit properly . -LRB- but then if your kid is n't too young , you probably wo n't need a trainer for a small toilet . -RRB- i even take this to other people 's homes and have used it successfully everywhere.i 'm so relieved that my baby cooperated with early potty training , and this product enabled me to accomplish that .
 I bought this for my 8 months old daughter after she had been using the BabyBjorn potty for a month or so . I realised that it was n't much fun cleaning the potty so decided to give this toilet seat a go and it 's been working great for us . My daughter is happy seating on it , it 's small enough for her and it 's very easy to install , put on and take off .
 These are wonderful . They 're lightweight , adjustable to fit any shape of toilet seat , and has a pee-guard molded in as part of the seat so there are no parts to fall off and no seams that will catch yucky stuff in . The smooth plastic is a cinch to keep clean and the molded shape is pretty comfortable -LRB- certainly not any worse than the regular seats that adults sit on -RRB- . My daughter would sometimes sit on these for 15-20 minutes at a time and never complained.I especially liked these because the hole is oval instead of round . The extra length of the hole gave my son the clearance necessary to `` point down '' to pee while sitting to poop . -LRB- The round holes are often too short front-to-back to allow this . -RRB- The molded shape and built-in pee guard was also good for my daughter . With the raised guard in front and a slightly raised back , positioning herself correctly was very natural , like sitting in a shallow saddle . -LRB- With the plain round holes , if you 're sitting even just a bit too far forward , pee goes all over the front of the seat -LRB- and down the legs -RRB- instead of into the toilet . -RRB-
 When I bought this I was just wanting something that did n't leak onto the seat when my son and daughter when pee , and something that does n't slip around . The seat definitely does n't slip around , but it does let pee get on to the seat a little . I 'm still happy with it though . Compared to the one we used to have from Walmart , it does it 's job perfectly -LRB- and it cleans really easily -RRB- .
 This is the best potty seat for boys or girls . It stays in place and is SO MUCH EASIER TO CLEAN than other seats that are n't one piece
 I 'VE BEEN TRYING TO POTTY TRAIN MY ALMOST 3 YR OLD LITTLE BOY SINCE HE WAS 18 MOS . I TRIED SO MANY DIFFERENT POTTY CHAIRS AND EITHER THEY WERE UNCOMFORTABLE FOR HIM OR MADE A MESS WHICH WAS FRUSTRATING FOR BOTH OF US . SINCE HE 'S A BOY , A GUARD IS VERY IMPORTANT . THIS ONE IS PERFECT . I 'VE HAD THIS ABOUT 2 MONTHS AND HE IS DOING GREAT . ITS COMFORTABLE , EASY TO USE AND NO MESSES . I ALSO BOUGHT THE MATCHING STOOL . HE REALLY LIKES THAT AS WELL TO SIT ON HIS POTTY OR WASH HIS HANDS AFTER . I RECOMMEND TO ANYONE .
 This seat is great - it has a mechanism that fits it to your toilet so it wo n't rock or slide and is solid plastic construction , so it wo n't crack like the padded seats do -LRB- will definitely last through my babies and can be passed along in great condition -RRB- . The pee guard does n't work great for my baby yet -LRB- we EC and he 's 13 months and small for his age anyway , so it 'll probably do better as he grows -RRB- . He feels safe on it , though , and can sit independently quite well and is similar in shape and feel to his Baby Bjorn Little Potty , so it works for us !
 I originally wanted this seat , but decided to try a cheaper model . It was awful . We have an elongated toilet and it slid all over . And it was puffy and thus horribly tall . It also had all sorts of parts that made it hard to clean . We immediately went back to get the Baby Bjorn and LOVE it ! It fits perfectly on our elongated toilet and is a breeze to clean . I love the molded splash gaurd and the hanging handle . It 's worth the extra money !! Also , we have the Baby Bjorn little potty and love that as well .
 I started having my son sit on this and the potty chair when he turned 14 months and he actually prefers sitting on this than the potty chair that is low to the ground . This is great for me because it is less clean up!Would highly recommend !
 We tried a couple of other options before finding this seat . It is far better than other potty rings b/c it clamps onto the toilet seat so it doesnt wiggle around . The others were hard for my son to balance b/c they moved back and forth on our elongated seat . This one solved that problem . It is also more contoured so it seemed a more comfortable fit for him.It is easy to remove and place . We did finally opt for a built in all in one seat when my son started learning to pee standing up because it was even easier to get out of the way but , for just starting potty training , this seat is quite good - a step above the other potty rings .
 I like this potty seat b/c you can adjust it to fit your toilette and not worry about it sliding around while your child is on the toilette . It is also easy to clean . It may not be as cushy as some but my daughter doesnt seam to mind using it .
 We have an elongated toilet and this is our 3rd potty seat . This has been the only one that has n't slid around , fallen into the toilet , or made my little one scared to sit on it . When it came I put it on and showed her that it did n't move . She was so excited she took her diaper off and sat right on it !! Update on this great potty seat : We 've had this potty seat for about a month now and my little girl is LOVING it ! We purchased the -LRB- Kid-Friendly Stash 'n Step Stool Natural -RRB- to go along with this , which makes it possible for her to sit on the potty all by herself . She now goes on the potty every day now ! I wish I knew about this potty seat before I purchased the other two !! I 'd recommend this to anyone and everyone !
 A friend of mine was having problems potty trainer her son . She could n't understand why he was scared of using the `` grown up potty '' . I remember being HORRIFIED of falling into the toilet when I was little and thought maybe he was having the same problem . I sent this to them thinking it certainly would n't hurt . He did a complete 180 after just trying it once ! Apparently he was scared of falling in . The toilet seat gave him all the confidence that he needed ! He is now a `` grown up potty '' veteran . He 'll even use toilets out in public without the potty seat -LRB- something he out and out refused to do before -RRB- . The only problem they are having now is trying to get him to use the toilet at home without his potty seat . Every time I talk to him on the phone he says `` Aunt Dawn ! Thank you for the potty seat ! I had cheese today . '' or some other totally random follow up thought . I will probably forever be `` Aunt Dawn - giver of potty seats '' to him . I 'm okay with that title . : -RRB-
 Nothing to add to all of the positive feedback . This is , by far , the most excellent toilet seat for potty training . My son , now 3.5 years old , completely skipped over portable potty chairs , and much prefered going straight to the `` big potty , '' using this training seat . He can put it on and take it off himself , and seems to take great pride in doing so . I have purchased three , two for home , and one permanantly dedicated as our travel potty seat . Love it , love it , love it !
 I looked and tried out a lot of toilet trainers and this one takes the cake . It fits nice on both of my toilets and one is longer then the other . My daughter LOVES this seat and was so excieted to start using it . I purchasd two of these so I would not have to carry it up and down the stairs from bathroom to bathroom . This is THE seat to have . Great product .
 This toilet seat has been great for our toddler boy . The way it adjusts to fit different size toilet seats is very nice as we have taken it with us to grandparent 's houses and so on . It is n't really small so I would not consider it very portable , but it we do take it traveling in a zippered canvas tote along with a Kikkerland folding step stool . It is very simple , basic , and easy to clean.Our son started potty learning on the bjorn standalone potty chair , and then at around age two we started using this toilet trainer . He liked it right away and has n't made a mess - perhaps because he started on the pottychair first . He still uses both - it is nice to be able to offer him a choice . It might sound silly - but to a toddler those choices make things easier sometimes . So we say , do you want to use the `` big toilet seat '' or the `` little blue potty '' and he likes to get to choose.It is a bit pricey , but I would n't change a thing about the design so I am very happy with the purchase .
 Very easy to clean . This fits on every toilet securely -- I 've seen some cheap , wobbly ones that never seem to sit properly on the seat . Also , the molded seat is easy for the child to feel secure on . I have two boys . On the cheap seats , little boys tend to pee over the front , but not on this one .
 I 'm convinced this is the perfect potty seat . My daughter started out with the separate potty , but once she got the hang of it , she wanted to use the big potty . This seat is perfect to ensure she does n't fall in ! And the `` pee guard '' is a great feature . Easily conforms to our standard toilet seats and our oblong ones . And VERY easy to clean .
 You get what you pay for when going with cheaper seats that do n't fit so universally and slip around , creating an unstable seat for your child . Baby Bjorn 's seat is fantastic . Sturdy , fits well , stable due to grippy rubber base . We paired it with the matching step and love both .
 Using the wheel to adjust this for a snug fit on our toilet seats was VERY easy , very pleased with this seat , it seems very comfortable for our 21 month old . Also recommend buying potty hooks for a few buck each -LRB- may be cheapest at BRU unless things change -RRB- . I have a potty chair for my son but want him to have the option of using the big potty on a regular basis as soon as possible , so I am fitting each toilet in our house with one of these .
 I love how there is a dial to adjust the seat to fit your toilet seat ! This prevents the seat from wiggling and moving around . It is comfortable to sit on and easy to clean ! We purchased another seat prior to BabyBjorn and it does n't compare to this seat ! The price is a little high but well worth every penny ! I recommend it .
 This potty seat fit on all of my different toilet seats without a problem . My son can sit on it for long periods of time without getting uncomfortable . He 's on the younger side at 18mo and the fit is just fine for him . The splash guard could of course be a little higher but we have n't had any major issues with this one . It does what it 's supposed to and the ability to adjust the seat for a snug fit is what makes this seat so good . Other seats have slid around and this one stays put .
 We just adopted 3 year old boy/girl twins and this seat is perfect for both of them . The adjustable dial makes it a tight fit on our toilet seat so the kids do n't slide around . The `` bump '' in front is high enough to help everyone get seated just right and there 's plastic that goes down into the toilet enough so no spraying comes out between our toilet seat and the actual toilet . We love this seat !
 Now I know why the cheap potty seats are so cheap . Wish I has been able to see this side-by-side with the cheap ones . If I had this would have been the one I would have bought . This potty seat is well designed , does n't rock , and is one piece . It 's adjustable and easily fits the toilet at my son 's house and the one at my house . My granddaughter would n't sit one the `` cheap '' one bought originally but really likes this one . Dry days are coming soon , wish they had these when my kids were at this stage .
 We bought a cheapo Elmo seat before this , not paying much attention to the shape of it . Realized too late we have an oval toilet seat and it was a round potty attachment . Needless to say , it did n't fit and he slid all over . Ordered the Bjorn and got it the next day , amazing !! Owen can set it on the toilet , climb up , sit and finish up with no mess . The guard really works to keep the pee in as long as he sits far enough back . It is so easy to use and we take it to others ' houses and it fits well on every seat so far . We installed a 3M removable hook on the wall behind the toilet where it can hang out of the way when not in use , too . This has allowed me to say that finally , my son is FULLY potty trained ! Hooray !!
 This item is very simple to install and the white plastic makes it very easy to clean . My son -LRB- 22 months -RRB- has no problem sitting on it . The shield for boys is not high enough to sit him close to the front but if I move him to the rear of the seat the stream does n't go over the shield . Great design , if it was n't so pricey I would get rid of my portable potties and purchase 2 more of these .
 I bought this seat to replace one that I already had -LRB- a cheaper , different brand -RRB- . My son likes this seat much better . It does n't move around like the old one did and the shape seems more comfortable for him . Well worth the money spent !
 I ordered for my 23-month-old who was potty-trained . It is comfortable for those longer sits and your toddler gets used to relaxing enough to do her/his business . The loop is nice - it hangs perfectly on the side of the toilet with a suction-cup hook . My daughter can put it on and take it off herself . The size is just right to fit into one of those drawstring backpacks which came in handy for those first few outings when my daughter was afraid to sit on the public toilets.I also like that it is non-porous - it is easy to disinfect . That is why I did n't even consider any of the soft seats . The ergonomic design makes up for the rigidity .
 This toilet seat works great . Nice design , fits easily on toilet . When our son was 3 he was able to attach and remove it on his own with no issues . Easy to clean . I recommend this item -LRB- and the matching step stool too ! -RRB- .
 While he has n't made it in the toilet yet this trainer seat works well for boys . Our son is n't afraid to sit on it , it 's large enough for him to sit on and the guard is high enough for him . It adjusts to fit on our standard and elongated seats . One thing about Bjorn though is I wish they made their products in a better price range so they could reach more clients . We have the potty chair too and like that it was also large enough for our sons long legs , and has a high pee guard . They just run at the higher price range as far as the market goes .
 I 've tried other toilet trainers and this is by far the best one . It 's very sturdy , and fits any toilet . I would recommend it to anyone . Great buy .
 We bought the cheaper soft cushion type toilet and it was just never comfortable for our daughter . This one was easy and comfortable and it stays on the toilet seat without moving ! Within a few days , we were able to get her to potty on the seat . It took a little sticker bribery and she was quickly using it . Since it does n't have many connecting parts , cleaning is much easier.Don ' t bother with the other seats , just buy this one . I 'm going to buy another one for grandma 's house .
 This is an excellent potty seat , especially for little boys because it prevents splashing . I highly recommend it . My 2-year old boy is very comfortable in it , and this helped ease his potty training tremendously . We have one in each bathroom at home .
 Like this needs another great review . But really , the seat is awesome and it has been the only seat we have been able to find that fit out toilet and did n't scare my son from moving around . Important when you have a child learning to potty train . He has been potty trained for about 6 months now and he still uses it to go # 2 . We have never had problems with pee issues ... I remember reading something about how the seat didnt work well for boys because urine would leak from the front of the seat ... back when I was reading reviews before buying this seat . We have always had him point his weenis downward , so maybe this is why we never had leak issues . Got ta teach them the lay of the land . money worth spent !
 We have two of these toilet trainers
 The design is good.The quality is good.My son used it for a while , but do n't really need it for long .
 Toilet trainer received very promptly , and was as advertised . Two year old Grandaughter loves it and is very comfortable with using it . It is easy to use -LRB- safely fits toilet seat and does n't slip or slide around -RRB- , stores neatly and unobtrusively beside `` big '' toilet and cleans easily .
 Works great . Now , if only my kid would actually use it without complaining ... Fits perfectly on the toilet . Easy to insert and take out . Easy to clean . Rubber handle allows to move it easily .
 Love this seat . It 's great that it stays put on our toilet and has the splash guard in the front ! Highly recommended !
 My son it doing well with this seat , no little potty , staight to this seat . The lip could be a little higher as sometimes he sprays over . Fits on the toliet really snug
 Love it . Easy to clean as the main part of the seat is made from a single mold . The rubber handle is easy to use for a handle or to hang the seat when you do not use it .
 Love this thing . Tried the babybjorn potty chair first and my 3 1/2 yr old said it hurt him , so we tried this next . Fits perfect on the toilet he feels safe sitting on it and the splash guard is great for boys . Do n't mess with potty chairs just go straight to this .
 My son used this when we transition from the potty chair to the toilet . This helped him tremendously and made the toilet more comfortable . He did n't have to fear falling in the toilet with this . I hung mine on the bathroom wall and he would take it down and put it on the toilet himself when he had to do # 2 and then put it back when he was done .
 We first purchased one of those potty seats that has elmo on it thinking it would help motivate my son to want to sit on it . It did n't fit our toilet seat and moved around a lot so my son wanted nothing to do with it . I found this Babybjorn seat and it was a life saver . It expands to fit any size toilet and it does n't move . After we purchased the first one we immediately went back and bought a second one for our other bathroom .
 Works well . My son gets on it easily by himself with a boost from a step stool . Very secure , easy to clean and comfortable . Pricey but well worth it .
 This seat was recommended to us and it fits any toilet - we have travelled and never had a problem with any we have tried . Easy to clean and can hang up for storage .
 If you have a boy ... this is the only one that would fit the needs . We tried three other brands before this one and while they had their own merits , none would understand a boys needs better than this one . Fits perfectly on the toilet and can be adjusted if needed .
 My daughter started with a `` prudence '' potty , which she loved -LRB- still does -RRB- , but got interested in the big potty -LRB- and I decided it would be a lot easier for me if she went directly in the toilet ! -RRB- , so I bought this one . It is adjustable to fit different toilet seats and it fits the toilet snugly . Since it is one piece it is easy to put on and take off and it is pretty easy to clean . I tried an $ 8 First Years seat for a second toilet , but it was a big mistake -- it hardly fit at all , it slid back and forth unless you glued or taped it to the seat , and it was two pieces which was a pain . We tried to use it once , but it just did n't work . I am buying another one of these bjorns . the only problem -LRB- not a big one -RRB- is that the step stool is a little too short for my daughter -LRB- but she is only 2 and ca n't be on the big potty by herself anyway -RRB- .
 We recently purchased a second toilet trainer for our other bathroom because we liked the first one so much . This toilet insert is totally adjustable by moving a plastic dial so you can get it to fit snugly on your toilet seat , which means it does not move around on your toddler when he is trying to sit on it . We have used ours on an elongated toilet seat and on a round toilet seat and it worked great on both seats . This toilet trainer is a million times better than all the others found in stores which move around on the seat and scare young children because they are n't stable . I returned two other types of toilet inserts before finding the Baby Bjorn toilet trainer . It is definitely worth the money !!
 Our 2 1/2 yr old likes this seat . She is on the way to being trained , but for now it is just for fun . The seat holds firmly into place & is easy to clean -LRB- plus no cleaning out potty seat bowls ... yuck -RRB- . We learned that BabiesRUs in Plano does not carry them any longer b/c of complaints that children find them uncomfortable , we did not have that problem and purchased another one from Amazon for upstairs . ** Tip , use an over the door towel hook on the side of the potty -LRB- on tank , under lid -RRB- to hang this seat from , keeps it off of the floor and easy to reach for the toddler . ** Use with Bjorn step stool for added safety , comfort and independence for child .
 I keep this toilet seat in my son 's bathroom along with the Bjorn step stool . My son loves using the potty with this seat ! The simple design makes it easy to clean and use . I also took a plastic over the door towel hook and hung it from under the tank of our toilet -LRB- on the side -RRB- . This works perfectly to hang the seat by its plastic handle when not in use .
 My daughter had been using the BB Little Potty since she was 6-1/2 months old and I have moved her onto the BB Toilet Trainer at 9-1/2 months . It has a high price tag for a toilet trainer so I also looked at other less expensive ones , some at 1/3 of the cost . But after reading some reviews I decided to fork out the extra $ $ because I really believe the BB brand of toilet training products are of superior quality . I 'm gald I did - I really think it 's worth spending the extra money.The seat itself is very light-weight , but of high quality , sturdy hard plastic . The seat opening is just the right size for a young baby . I did n't realize this until I was at a friend 's house and my daughter was using her daughter 's potty trainer which was of a different brand . Since my daughter is just 10 months old , her bottom is not very big and she was slipping into the opening of my friend 's potty trainer!By adjusting the plastic dial you can tighten the seat securely so it does n't slide around , even on my oval toilet seat . Until my daughter gets old enough or has a way of communicating to me that she is actually done pottying , I leave her on the toilet for a little longer after she had done some business , in case a `` second wave '' hits -LRB- and a lot of times it does -RRB- . So meanwhile my daughter moves around a lot , grabbing the toilet paper roll , reaching out for the baby wipe box , reaching for the bathroom counter for toys , and sometimes twisting her body around to check out the BB teddy bear logo . It help a lot because I only have to worry about holding her steady and not having to worry about the seat which always stays put . It 's also very easy to take off and put back on and very easy to clean . ***** UPDATE ***** My daughter is now 18 months old . I 'd still stay this is one of the best $ 30 I 've ever spent . My daughter is always on the move . When she 's in a good mood sometimes she does a little bit of hopping on the toilet seat . But I have no worries because this seat holds very well and does n't wobble at all . I do want to metion that my daughter is very slim , although I do n't know if that matters much with this seat . I still highly recommend this seat .
 -LSB- updated -RSB- This is one of two potty seats we use in the house with our HUGE 3 year old son -LRB- 45 pounds , 42 '' tall -RRB- . The seat is well constructed , and has some nice features . In particular , it has two braces which can be moved by turning a dial accessible while the seat is on the toilet , to make the potty seat tightly held in the toilet seat , and therefore stable . That 's nice.The plastic is smooth and easy to clean . And unfortunately , I spend a lot of time cleaning this potty seat and around it when my boy pees sitting down . Originally I thought this was because of the potty seat design.The front splash guard is raised to keep the child from missing the potty entirely , which is great . However , it 's not aimed downward but instead is straight up and down . Unless I 'm extremely careful to position him towards the very back of the potty seat -LRB- a problem if he will poo -RRB- , my son winds up hitting himself , the toilet seat , and for all I know the ceiling when he pees . Worse , the pee splashes up underneath the potty seat and pools around the inside of the black rubber seal around the potty seat 's edge . It 's a mess , and requires cleaning the toilet seat every time I remove the potty seat from top of it.I guess I should consider this incentive to get him to learn to point down when he pees , but when you 're potty training and just trying to get your kid to use the toilet at all , it 's a pain.So , five star construction , comfort for sitting , and the adjustable fit . 3 stars for hygeine and spraying my son with his own pee . Average is four stars.Addendum
 We love it ! It is adjustable so it fits perfectly on our toilet seat . It never slips around & is super easy to clean . I also bought the Baby Bjorn floor potty & loved that too . I think if we had gotten this first , we could 've bypassed the whole floor potty issue -LRB- meaning less messy clean-ups for mom & dad -RRB- . They make the greatest products .
 My 3 yr old loves this potty lid ; it is lightweight enough for her to put on and take off the toilet by herself -LRB- very important at this age ! -RRB- Although the seat is lightweight , it is NOT cheap plastic
 I was hesitant to buy this product because I felt like it was a little pricey , but now I feel like it was worth the money . We will be able to use it for all of our children no matter where we move and what sized toilet we have . It has a really secure fit as well , so it wo n't give kids a fear of falling in . It 's worth a little more money in my opinion .
 The hubs and I do n't really buy a lot of special baby/kid goods . Our two year old son drinks out of normal glasses , he eats with adult silverware , he never used a pacifier , etc etc. . So we did n't want to buy him a separate little potty chair , either . Might as well start him on the real thing so we do n't have to switch him over later , right ? We bought this so that he could sit comfortably on a normal toilet.This is a lovely , sturdy device , which is very easy to clean and has a convenient hook for hanging on the wall . What a nice bathroom decoration . The guests . just . love . it . &#34; You have a toilet seat on your wall ! Wow ! That 's great ! &#34; said nobody ever . But whatever , it 's an easy way to store it . The front lip is a little difficult for my son to get over when he 's sitting down , but it seems like somewhat of a safety feature , so I 'm good with it.I do n't really know what to say . It 's well made , but come on , it 's a potty seat . Your kid sits on it to pee . It 's not super hard to get that wrong . Anyway , my son is still not really interested in the potty , but that speaks more to his love of pooping in his diaper in whatever hidden corner he can find than the quality of the chair . I 'd recommend this product to others .
 All the potty seats I looked at say they are for older children , including this one . My daughter is almost a year old . I had started , earlier this summer , putting her on the regular potty when I noticed her struggling with a # 2 . So rather than watching her be uncomfortable as she sat in her diaper or stood on her hands and feet in awkward positions , I decided to take her to the potty . It was tiring and uncomfortable holding her on the regular toilet seat , but using the toilet was effective at helping my daughter do the job she needed to do , plus I 've saved several diapers this way.After reading many reviews , I decided to try the Babybjorn Toilet Trainer . It is perfect ! My daughter seems comfortable on it , and I do n't have to use as much strength to support her on the toilet since the Babybjorn seat provides a better and more stable sitting surface without me having to worry about her little bottom sinking into the toilet.I have a very small bathroom and just recently purchased a Potty Hook from Babies R Us . Now the potty seat hangs from the toilet tank and is easily accessible and neat looking.Pros : Sits securely on toilet seatEasy to cleanFlexible handle for hangingCons : Expensive -LRB- best price at my time of purchase was here at Amazon -RRB- I would recommend it , but I am wondering if the Arm and Hammer seat -LRB- which seems to be similar in shape -RRB- is comparable . It is less expensive . I would like to get another seat for Grandma and Papa 's home , but am not sure if I want to spend the same amount of money I spent on the Babybjorn seat since my daughter will be at my home more than at her grandparents ' home .
 I never , ever write reviews so go figure my first is about a potty seat ! This thing is awesome - it fits both our round and elongated bowls , and also fits public restroom seats -LRB- which can be kind of scary to a little toddler learning to use the potty -RRB- . I took the advice of a previous reviewer and just throw this seat in 2 plastic shopping bags when we go out - it fits right under the stroller and it makes life just a little bit easier for moms and toddlers on the go . Another thing I do is hang it on the little hook we have on our toilet tank - it came with the Scrubbing Bubbles toilet cleaning wand I bought years ago but stashed under the sink once our son started crawling . It 's so perfect - you could also get one of those plastic hooks w / the sticky back and put it on the side of the tank . The rubber ring around the base -LRB- the black part -RRB- really does keep liquids from seeping out . It 's also very easy to clean - not many nooks & crannies for stuff to get stuck in . I would n't change a thing about this - definitely worth the money !!
 Wonderful product . Would recommend it to everyone ! My son felt very secure on the toilet during his potty training process . Will use it for my second son when the time comes for him to potty train .
 I have two of these potty seats - one for upstairs and one for downstairs . They fit the seats perfectly -LRB- no sliding around -RRB- . The built-in splash guard is great for boys AND girls . At first I thought girls would n't need it , bit I 'm SO GLAD it 's there . My daughter has some pretty wild sprays , but the splash guard catches everything . The best part is minimal clean-up -LRB- unlike with potty chairs -RRB- . My daughter is only 22 months old , so she needs a foot stool to reach the toilet . The kid foot stools are too small and unstable . If you have a very young child , buy an adult foot stool -LRB- like the ones for elderly patients -RRB- . They will not flip up/over . The child has plenty of room to step up , turn around , and sit down . The stool is wide enough for the child -LRB- and parent ! -RRB- to feel confident and comfortable enough to bend over and pull his/her underwear up or down .
 We originally bought the Baby Bjorn stand alone potty chair as well as another type of potty chair for our then 2 year old daughters . We 've had a tough time potty training them -LRB- must be something with twins - mine are much more stubborn about it when they have each other as backup -RRB- . I saw all of the great reviews on this seat , but still hesitated because I was worried about spending $ 30 on a seat they may refuse to sit on . We finally bought this potty seat when they no longer wanted to use their potty chairs and wanted to sit on the big potty . Since then one of my daughters has made great strides in potty training -LRB- still have to work on the other -RRB- . Both girls know how to put the potty seat on the toilet on their own . I think the fact that they know how to put the seat on and can climb up on their own helps them to feel more in control of using the potty . This seat makes them feel like big girls ! Also , we bought the white seat with black trim , so it does n't look like a complete eyesore in our bathroom . Strongly recommend this potty seat .
 My 2-year-old is a little scared of new things . So , you can imagine how hard it is to get him to try an adult size toilet in a public restroom.We used theBaby Bjorn Potty Chair -LRB- great product , as well ! -RRB- to get him started . He figured out the routine within 3 days , but when I had to travel with him , he refused to use other potties or any toilet seat covers -LRB- padded or folded -RRB- . If I was lucky enough to get him to sit on the other seats , they would move or the pee guard did n't seem high enough , so my toddler and I would be nervous about him sitting on there for long . I had to take the potty seat with me everywhere I went ... to family members ' houses , to parties , and to the grocery store . I was sneaking my son out to my car every time he had to pee . And when we finally decided to go without the potty seat while we were entertaining friends in downtown Chicago , my son was more comfortable peeing in his pants than any toilet in CHI-town . Then I bought the Baby Bjorn Toilet Trainer and no more potty in the trunk . It fits into the diaper bag and since it 's adjustable , it fits all toilets securely . When my son sits on it , he can change positions as many times as he wants and he does n't feel like he 's going to fall in . I think it really helps that it is white like the toilet as well . He gets such a satisfied look on his face when he pees on the BIG toilet .
 You can ask my husband - I 've purchased at LEAST 5 potty seats since getting our son to use the potty . I 've returned 4 of them immediately after seeing how the design of the seat would not work for our son -LRB- I would have a little Bellagio Fountain spraying on my floor instead of the toilet -RRB- . The one seat that did end up staying in our house seemed great at first , but I later discovered that there were gaps on the bottle of the seat that captured urine and required constant cleaning . So I sucked it up and threw down the money for the more expensive Baby Bjorn . WHY did n't I buy this sooner !?!? This is the best potty seat I purchased . There are absolutely no hidden gaps or fabrics that can soak up or trap urine . It is adjustable to fit into any type of toilet seat . There is a small splash guard -LRB- more like a ridge -RRB- in the seat so no `` fountaining '' can occur . Everything that I 've complained about in the previous potty seats is addressed with the Baby Bjorn - it works fantastically ! Highly HIGHLY recommended .
 This seat fits perfectly in our elongated toilets . It pops in and out easily . My daughter is small for her age and sits very comfortably on this seat .
 This made the adult toilet seat less daunting to our little girl when we started potty training . I thought the `` arms '' under the seat used to secure it to the large toilet seat were suppose to fit under the adult toilet seat , but it still fits snuggly and does n't wobble at all . Now , with just a step stool to help her out , our little girl is using the big potty all by herself !
 My 22-mo . old loves to hang out while we patiently wait for the results . Great seat b/c my child is no longer scared of the toilet -LRB- he used to be afraid to fall in w/o the seat -RRB- . Fits great and is easy to use and store . Highly recommend for all those entering the world of potty training and good luck .
 I should have bought this toilet in the first place . I did n't want to spend too much money on a toilet trainer so instead I went with a cheapie from walmart . BIG mistake ! That toilet was uncomfortable and the opening was small . Because of that , my daughter would either pee or poop on the toilet itself . While visiting my brother-in-law , my daughter used the babybjorn toilet they had for their kids . She absolutely loved it ! I ordered this toilet as soon as we got home and we 've been happy ever since . We 've had no incidents and my daughter is no longer scared to sit on the toilet . The opening is just the right size and the `` splash guard '' in front is great , since my daughter likes to look at in toilet as she 's going . It 's very sturdy and easy to clean . I will recommend this toilet to everyone .
 I never used a potty chair with my son because he always wanted to sit on the seat like mommy and daddy . He 's 2 years old and already potty trained . I owe it to the Baby Bjorn toilet trainer !! He even loves to read while sitting on the potty ... Daddy 's little boy . He 's aim is n't great , but we 've never had issues with his urine going all over the place . He 's never gotten hurt either -LRB- some reviews about other seats scared me !! -RRB- . Overall , great training seat .
 I would like to claim that this is the best seat ever , but it is actually the first and only one I bought when it was time to train my son . I bought it after reading product reviews on this site and others , and decided to try it . Even though it cost more than others , I believe it is well worth the extra couple of dollars .
 I love this seat . My son loves it too . I can hang it up on the wall when not in use .
 This seat fits my toilet beautifully and only wished I bought it from the get go . Nice quality seat , smooth and easy to clean , and fits my elongated toilet seat perfectly -LRB- due to the adjustability of the seat -RRB- . Most importantly , my son is very comfortable using it and no longer fears the seat moving on him and now is getting on and off the potty by himself . Dramatic change in just 2 days of getting the seat . Worth every penny in my book !
 This seat fits my toilet beautifully and only wished I bought it from the get go . Nice quality seat , smooth and easy to clean , and fits my elongated toilet seat perfectly -LRB- due to the adjustability of the seat -RRB- . Most importantly , my son is very comfortable using it and no longer fears the seat moving on him and now is getting on and off the potty by himself . Dramatic change in just 2 days of getting the seat . Worth every penny in my book !
 We have elongated toilets in our house . I have tried several potty seats that are supposed to fit elongated toilet seats . However , they all slipped and slid on the adult seat , making it unstable for my son to sit on , not to mention that his skin could get pinched . I bought this Baby Bjorn seat because of its claim of adjustability . And the claim holds true . I followed the instructions and it fits perfectly !
 This is the second one we bought for daughter . one for upstairs , one for downstairs . It 's easy to use , easy to clean , does not leak , seems comfortable too .
 i would recommend this product to other potty-trainers out there . it 's worth the money and well-made . the dial that adjusts to the toilet seat size and the rubberized edge of the seat make for a secure fit on the big toilet . good product , would buy again .
 I bought this seat for my 3 year old son . I was so frustrated with other seats and was relieved to get this one . It has a wheel in the back to tighten the potty seat to the toilet seat and it stays where you put it without sliding or coming loose .
 This is a great product . Well worth the money . My 2 year old can put the seat on by herself and take it off easily . We love it . We are n't pushing the potty training , but this is a great product to take with you when you have to travel to grandma 's house or wherever . Just put it in a plastic bag and go .
 Favorite seat for my son who is going through potty training now . He used to complain about toilet training , never liked any of the small toddler toilets I bought , and never cared for any of the other seats like this that fit on the full sized toilet . This one he likes a lot , he uses this as often as he uses the toddler urinal I also got him -LRB- if you have a boy , those are awesome , they just love using it and they go much easier on them than any normal toilet -RRB- . Very comfortable for a toddler 's bottom . Splash guard could 've been concave a bit in case of splashback , but teaching them to pay attention to where they 're pointed compensates enough that it 's not a detraction .
 I have to say this toilet seat is really the best . We used this from the beginning while toilet training our son who is 2 and a half . The grandparents purchased another version for their house . Their seat has rubber grippers that do n't hold the seat in place , side handles that do n't serve much purpose , and the lip in the front is way too shallow ! The Baby Bjorn has adjustable wings that grab the toilet seat so it wo n't slip around . The raised portion in the front is raised high enough , unlike the other seats . It is a bit more expensive , but we got one for every toilet in the house . It hangs easily on a hook and is easy to clean .
 Excellent product , easy for a young child to put on and take off as needed . Fits a small or large toddler . Highly recommended .
 I tried several other seats before discovering this one . It is great , fits the seat right , does n't slide around like the others . For a girl it is perfect , for a boy . . the front is a little low so we have to remind my son to aim down ... but they have to learn that anyway ! .
 Although the adjuster to fit on our oval toilet does n't work on it , it does n't matter because it has a rubber edge that keeps it in place easily , for all 3 of my triplets , and they 're all different sizes .
 It 's a flawless item ... I like everything about it . . The shape , how it fits perfect for the my son 's little tushie . . And the fact that it fits snugly to the toilet . . The splash guard is perfect and perfect sized opening for the little ones . . During the Potty training perios , One day my son decided not to use the BabyBJorn Potty chair and use the ` big toilet ' ... So I had to buy one trainer next day . . I looked at BabieRUs and Target in our area to buy this , but they did n't carry this , so I ended up buying a Safety 1st one , as it felt cushy and soft and thought how bad could it be ?? What a wrong choice ... I ended up ordering this one after few days of use of the first one . . So ended up spending more.Go for it . . Shipping was faster and arrived in USPS . . Save U R money by ordering this itself and do n't fall for the cheaper ones . .
 My nearly 3 year old daughter had been rejecting 2 different potty chairs , and was hesitant to sit on the `` big potty '' after nearly falling in the water . This toilet trainer sits securely on my elongated toilet bowl and is very stable when she climbs on and off , easing her fears . I am very pleased with it and would recommend it highly .
 This is a great product . I am currently using it for my 20 month son . He has a little trouble climbing on to the toilet using a step stool , but when he gets up there he is very comfortable .
 This is a great potty seat . My son always wants to do things like `` big people '' do , so he did n't want to use a little potty seat . He wanted to use the toilet . This seat allowed him to use the big toilet and was secure and did n't slide around like another seat that we had tried .
 Works Great ! Easily get a tight fit to the toilet seat and remove for adults in just seconds . I would buy this product again and would recommend it to anyone .
 Our daughter really likes it , we were concerned . It is easy to use and clean and fits well , both her and the toilet . We recomend this to all .
 I received The First Years underarm thermometer as a baby shower gift in 1998 . I also received a Braun ear thermometer at the same shower . The Braun seemed easier and much faster to use so initally that is what I was using . After using it several times I realized that it did n't seem to be very acurate . I ran across the The First Years underarm thermometer in a box of items I had put away after the shower . I decided to give it a try . I was so pleased with it that I told every new mom I knew how great it was . It is easy to read and gives you an acurate temperature in a very short amount of time . If you are using it on an infant it is very simple to hold the childs arm next to his side until the thermometer beeps . The same is true when your child is old enough to understand simple instructions on how to hold their arm for a few minutes . It is a little more difficult at that in between age when they do n't always understand that they have to sit still of a few minutes . Overall , I would say this is a must for all moms , new and experienced alike . ALSO , AN EXCELLENT BABY SHOWER GIFT !!!!
 As though who have read my review of the Braun Thermoscan will know , the ear thermometer is not as accurate for newborns as the underarm thermometer . So , for a newborn , this is an easy , accurate and INEXPENSIVE alternative.The tradeoff is that this thermometer is much slower to provide the final temperature . As those with a squirming newborn and infant know , time is essential.Ahh , but is n't life a series of tradeoffs ... Speed versus accuracy , speed versus expense . The Thermoscan versus underarm thermometer is just another of those tradeoffs.That said , buy both . For a newborn , the underarm is more accurate , albeit slower . For a older infant , the Thermoscan is faster and accurate .
 Nice pleasent smelling , not to oily but oily enough ... , Absorbed well in to the skin , but washes off easy , would buy again
 This is one of those silly things to do that is hilarious and kinda/sorta sexy at the same time . the stencils really do not work that well , but then that is not the fun of the game . My friend and I found that finding imaginative places to place the tattoos was a blast ... we each tried to out do each other . As one reviewer has pointed out , the stuff sort of runs together and sort of makes a blob but in our case that was okay . It was fun applying it to each other and it was even more fun licking it of and even more fun having it licked off . I would suggest you have some nice damp towels handy and I would suggest you use old sheets on the bed .
 I bought this product and I did not expect this much of funIt is tasty , fun , and very niceHope you all have fun with it :-RRB- .
 I bought this for my mom as a christmas/wedding present . She said they ate it instead of using it as intended . I found it ironic since they got divorced , maybe they should have read the directions : -RRB-
 My wife has a very dry mouth and other tooth paste burns her mouth . Called the company , they said they quite making making it . I found this ad stocked up so she would have plenty .
 Tom 's of Maine ToothpasteTom 's is a small company , employing fewer than two hundred people . It was founded in 1970 and then purchased by Colgate in 2006 . Fortunately , Colgate has left Tom 's alone to manage their business according to their original principles.Tom 's makes natural products . The toothpaste contains no sugar , sweeteners , or artificial flavoring . By contrast , I looked at a tube of Colgate toothpaste that I have on the shelf . It contains `` flavor , '' whatever that is , `` saccharine , '' and `` propylene glycol . '' The last ingredient is a less-toxic form of anti-freeze . One advantage of Tom 's toothpaste is that we do not have to worry about ingesting poisons when we use it.I have been using Tom 's for years . The toothpaste comes in many flavors . On Amazon , you can findPeppermint,Spearmint,Fennel,Orange-Mango , Cinnamint , Wintermint , Apricot , Soothing Mint , True Mint , andGingermint , among others . I prefer the Peppermint flavor , which is refreshing , but not overwhelming . The toothpaste is available in sizes from 1 ounce to 6 ounces.I do not exactly live in a wilderness area , but my local stores no longer carry Tom 's . Fortunately , it can be found on Amazon and other web sites . The prices do vary from vendor to vendor , so check for the best price .
 Best toothpaste ! I can brush for the recommended time because my mouth is not stinging from mint -LRB- and I do like mint on my salad , just not concentrated in my toothpaste stinging -RRB- Fennel is awesome !
 I will never use any other toothpaste . This is the best . This company used to make a excellent cough syrup and hopefully they will bring it back .
 I have a sick cat who is not at all pleased about having pills forced down his throat . For two weeks , I was forcing Clavamox antibiotics into his mouth and he would spit them out instantly and they would already be melting and he would foam at the mouth . Not fun ! Not fun for either of us . I 'm new to the misery of major pet illness , but I did some online research and read that a pill gun would help . I also read some reviews about the pill gun and found that small pills would fall out . That is when I found these gelcaps and realized that I could load the Clavamox into the gelcap and shoot it into his mouth with the pill gun . The gelcaps are definitely big enough that they do n't fall out of the end of the pill gun , but as a major bonus , they also stop the Clavamox from melting since it is inside the capsule and does n't make direct contact with his mouth . In addition , I 've noticed that the larger gelcap seems to make it impossible for him to `` cheek '' his medication and then walk away and spit it out . Yes , after weeks of this dance twice a day , he had become quite adept at that.These are a GREAT help if you have to give a pet medications for any extended period of time . My only other note is that they stick in the mouth so a syringe of water to moisten the mouth before keeps the capsule from sticking as much and then another squirt of water after helps encourage the stubborn pet to swallow . I highly recommend these empty gelcaps for owners of sick pets !
 These size `` 0 '' gelatin capsules work just as I expected them to . They snap together when closed , they were n't very sticky when put in my mouth like some other gel caps can be , and I could swallow them much easier than `` 00 '' size capsules . For what it 's worth , I purchased these at a local Vitamin Shoppe -LRB- one of the sellers for this item -RRB- . The easiest way I 've found to fill a capsule or two after weighing your supplement dose is to use a tiny paper funnel -LRB- make a small cone then cut off the tip -RRB- . I only use my capsule filling `` machine '' when I make 4 or more pills at a time -LRB- and even then I 'm still using a funnel -RRB- .
 not a whole lot to report about capsules other than they are as described.To prevent others from making the same mistake - I prefer capsules made of vegetable sources but failed to notice these are not advertised as such .
 I bought these to reduce a medication I was taking . They work very well and I wouldrecommend them to anyone looking to do the same .
 I looked a long time trying to figure out what size capsule I needed and which brand to buy before I settled on these . I was n't disappointed . They are made well , fit together properly , and are a good no-nonsense product . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I 'm always excited to try all the new toothpastes this company carries . They are all pretty mild toothpastes that actually leave your mouth feeling wonderfully fresh and clean.This particular toothpaste contains calcium for clean teeth and zinc citrate -LRB- a naturally occurring mineral -RRB- to help prevent plaque that can lead to gingivitis . Gingivitis of course is a disease of the gums that occurs when plaque accumulates on the teeth and produces toxins and irritants that make your gums red and puffy.This toothpaste helps to stop the plaque from forming in the first place . It is also fluoride-free because this company respects their customer 's needs . This is also naturally flavored with pure peppermint oils and does n't contain saccharin , so it is not as sweet as otherproducts.Active Ingredients
 I have used many infant tubs and I love this one ! It folds so nicely I keep it in the kitchen pantry . It fits in the sink , and I keep the faucet running like a little shower , and I can rinse her with fresh water . I actually think the angle is great for an infant , but with a newborn I use one of those `` yellow bear sponges '' in the tub for extra support -LRB- but I use one with all the infant tubs I have used -RRB- .
 Was given this tub as a gift and could n't be happier . Not sure what other reviewers are writing about this tub leaking - it 's meant to use over / in the sink or bathtub . Holds a small amount of water - just enough to keep baby wet and warm while you wash . Folding mechanism never caused issue with pinching or getting stuck in the many many months we used this for our daughter . It worked well for our double sink because it rested snugly on one side and was quite secure . We used it nightly , drained the water out when we were done , and then folded it up and put it back under the sink . Perfect in apartment when we did n't have tons of space .
 This tub is perfect as we are in a small apartment . It is easy to fold and store and holds just enough water to get baby clean in the kitchen sink . Be sure to follow the instructions - the bottom of the bathtub MUST rest on the sink -LRB- or tub , or counter , etc -RRB- . The tub is not designed to be suspended over the sink and , as some other reviewers have found , can lead to the tub collapsing .
 Perfect size for infant , or maybe even up to 6months -LRB- give or take some months -RRB- . A nice color as well . Also , very convenient if you do n't have a lot of space , since you can easily fold it right back up . I also love how there is a place where you can put the washcloth , and other baby products for the bath . : D
 This was the first bathtub we bathed our newborn in when he was born almost three years ago . We got it as a shower gift . I love how portable it is - it folds up very nicely for storing . It is the perfect size for bathing your little one , and is nice and padded so they stay comfortable . The Safety First Space Saver Fold Up Tub works great on a counter , in a sink or in a bathtub.The main down-side to this product is that I feel like the baby is n't covered with ENOUGH water to stay warm . It IS nice that the seat is reclined just so so that baby is comfortable , but I always felt like my little one was cold when he was in the tub!We used this tub for awhile , but soon upgraded to bathing our son in the sink with a cushion-y foam bath pad . We did n't get a TON of use out of the Safety First tub , but we will probably use it again when we have our second child , at least when they are a very small infant .
 I was really surprised to read the other reviews as I have had NO problems with this tub . In fact , I liked it so much with my first -LRB- who is now 5 -RRB- that I bought another one for my newest addition -LRB- now 5 months old -RRB- . It is exactly what I needed . . something easy to put away , portable and comfortable for my baby to bathe in.While , it is true that when you drain it , all of the water does not go out , it is also VERY easy to simply tilt the tub with one hand and dump the remaining water out.I think that this is the perfect tub to bathe your baby in because it does exactly what you need it to , no more and no less.Don ' t waste your money on the more expensive tubs as it is unlikely that you will really use the added `` perks '' that they include . Instead , buy this tub for $ 10 and you wo n't be sorry !
 I used this tub for both of my girls and loved it . My sister even bought one and loves it . I do use a bear bath foam pillow for the comfort of the baby and this might help with the problems stated in other reviews . I just put it over my kitchen sink and leave the plug out and use the kitchen spray nozzel to wash the baby . It is nice because you can use clean water . The fact that I can store it neatly in the cabinet is just a bonus .
 I was surprised to see so many low ratings . I bought this tub at the start and had a 8 lb 12 oz baby that was 21 '' long at birth . She 's now 6 months old , and approaching 18 lbs - I 'm only now looking for a new tub . I always used this tub on my counter and only once had a spill . I just pick it up and pour it out afterwards.Definitely a great tub .
 I had this very same tub 5 years ago for my daughter . It worked out great , to answer the age old question about newborns slipping and sliding , well this tub doesnt come with a sling or sponge to place the newborn in for the 1st couple of weeks or so until you or baby can get that pefect grip . It only cost like $ 4.00 or so to buy a sponge or sling to add to it . Personally I never did have one of those for my daughter and the tub worked just fine . I recently got this tub again for a shower gift for my 2nd child , and I am so happy for it , because I know the tubs potential , it will grow with your child . It fits in the kitchen sink perfectly , it does n't leak if you do n't overfill the tub . I used the tub until my 5 yr old was 9 months old or so when she was ready for the tub tub , I plan on doing the same for my new baby .
 This tub is great as a space saver!I read a review about the folds snapping and startling her baby ... I have not had that problem at all ... my son is currently 3 months old . * Yes my son 's foot would slide into the side and appear to get stuck when he was very little . I solved this by sticking a dish towel in the corner . He is now 13lb and we do not have that problem anymore.I would highly reccomend this product .
 This tub is fabulous ! We love that it is just as simple as can be ... no bells and whistles ... just a great sturdy tub . It folds up so as not to take up much room when stored , has an opening in the bottom to drain water out , fits great in the kitchen sink and holds baby in a great position for bathing . We use it with one of those yellow bear spongy thingies , and baby is supported , semi-reclined and very , very comfy!Worth every penny !
 This product has a great price point and in some respect you get what you paid for ! I love this tub for it foldability/storage aspects . True you can not fill it too high , but you can easily set it inside your tub or shower stall to remedy that problem . My 10 pound + baby girl is not at all challenging the integrity of the hinges or other aspects of the product . This is not meant to be balanced on edges of kitchen sinks etc as other commenters have noted . Love this product and would buy it again !
 Initially , I was looking at the soothing spa that has the shower and everything attached to it -- it has mixed reviews and to be honest , not very many good ones . With my first child , I had a tub with a sling to support them and thought it would work great . That sling would up getting moldy-even though I would ring out the water and hang it up to dry -- so I knew I didnt want that with a tub for my 2nd child . Although the soothing spa looked so cute , when I looked at this and read about the mold resistant foam and the fact that it folds up nearly in half -- I was sold . We just got it yesterday , it it works great and is very nice and compact . What we decided to do it get a handheld attachment for our bathroom sink , that way I can still have the `` shower '' effect for when I am bathing my child -- my first child hated baths , but loved showers -- this is the perfect medium along with that handheld attachment for the sink ! Plus , the attachment was only about $ 5 , the bath was about $ 14 . . Compared to the soothing spa and shower which was about $ 35 , so about a $ 15 savings as well .
 Here 's an item for babies that really fits our needs . Our baby boy is six weeks old and needs a bath now and then , like about every other day . This lightweight folding tub fits our kitchen double sink perfectly . It has a non-slip liner across the bottom and will hold about a gallon or so of water . My wife bought a little floating thermometer that ensures the temperature to be just right . We leave the water running during the bath and there is no problem with drainage into our fairly deep sink . When the bath is finished , there is a convenient drain in the bottom of the deepest part of the bath tub . Once emptied , the head and foot parts of the tub fold into the center portion to greatly reduce the size and we have a perfect shelf available for storage right in our kitchen only a few feet away.We were a little apprehensive when we first tested the tub . How would the baby react to his first bath ? Well , he loved it ! Every time we use it he stops crying or fidgeting and relaxes to the feeling of the surrounding warm water . It could n't work any better , but he 's now at 11 pounds and I expect the tub will be too small in the near future . Well , it certainly fit our needs for this stage in his growth.Gary Peterson
 I feel bad that this tub has had safety issues for some . For us , it was extremely helpful . My small newborn fit fine without slipping , and after my c-section -LRB- and subsequent back issues -RRB- , it was helpful to be able to stand at the kitchen sink to bathe him . He was a fussy guy who hated baths , so rather than filling the tub , I left the drain open and essentially gave him sponge baths . I was also grateful for the fold-up feature which allowed me to keep the tub in our small kitchen .
 This Tub is Great ! I love that it fits right in my sink for easy baths and clean ups , and then it folds small enough to put under the sink .
 This tub 's compactness is great . I just put it in the kitchen sink and use the hose . I like being able to rinse her clean while she 's still in the tub . I just leave the drain hole open . I got one of the bigger tubs that does n't fold up at my shower but did n't like how huge it was . I did n't really have anywhere convenient to store it . My baby is 6 months old but my pediatrician says she is the average size of a 12 month old . But I 'm still able to bathe her in this tub . I 'm just sad that she will eventually outgrow it and I 'll have to be hunched over the tub .
 I purchased this tub for my son 11 years ago . We tried many infant tubs -LRB- from cheap to expensive -RRB- and this one was the BEST HANDS DOWN ! For years it was my go-to gift at all baby showers . Then , about 6 years ago this style tub disappeared from stores and online . I was devastated ! Now it is once again back on the market ! So glad . Do not be mislead by other reviews that mention fingers/toes being caught in folds . This NEVER happened to my baby . Keep in mind ... this is an INFANT tub . Not a toddler tub . It is to be used in the sink . It keeps the baby secure and upright with just enough water to get the bath done . The well at the foot of the tub is perfect for dispensing a bit of baby wash and holding the wash cloth . The pull plug in the base is perfect for draining with no mess . And for those mom 's who do n't have the luxury of a lot of space ... this tub folds up quite small for storage ! I highly recommend it . And I do n't work for Safety 1st ...
 I thought a fold-up tub was a great idea , but we 've used this only maybe 10 times before my daughter turned 6 months , the maximum age of use . I paid only $ 10 , so not much loss . She objected the first time we tried it , at about 2 weeks , and so we went back to sponge baths for a while . I would suggest gradually introducing your baby to the tub . Toys helped distract her when she was a little older . My daughter seemed too big for it even at 3 months , though she was always 97 % + in height & weight . To wash her backside , you of course have to take her out of the tub . I usually forgot to plug it before filling it , and so usually had water all over the floor . Instructions say tub is supposed to be supported by a sink ; it certainly does n't fit in our oval bath sink . Maybe it would fit a 2-part kitchen sink . The folding feature did make it easy to store on our closet shelf . For a little tub bath , I liked it . It was good for a quick bath or to really soak her , but in the end I prefered a unhurried sponge bath on a waterproof pad on the bed , which I think got my daughter cleaner .
 My son is now 8 months old and we still use this tub . It is worth it 's weight in gold . I used it in the sink , counter and inside the regular tub . We only had issues in the sink -LRB- our sink was really not big enough for it to fit -RRB-
 we bought this crib for our newborn and without a doubt it was a great deal . the tub is just deep enough to get em clean without over filling being an issue . the people that said its a hazard because it `` collapses '' obviously didnt get the right size tub for their sink . ours fits great and i assume itll last long enough that she will be able to out grow it before it breaks . the only minor issue is the hinges . be careful with their toes and put down a washcloth . simple as that . :-RRB- thanks for a great product at a great price !
 We love this tub . We had the same one for our older children and after purchasing a different tub for our newest addition , I searched the internet to find this one . It is great because it fits perfectly on the kitchen sink and it fold up to store . The other tub we bougth leaked and did not fold , but this one is great for space saving with no leaks !
 we loved this tub over the safer bather pad . I think the pad was just awkward . Folding features are great !
 This tub is great if you 're concerned with space . I can let it dry , fold it up and put it under the bassinet in my room so it 's close at hand for the next bath.On the other hand , the water does spill over where the notches are to fold the tub if you fill it a bit too much . You ca n't add very much water because of that . Otherwise my son seems to like it and I have n't had any safety problems what-so-ever . As far as putting it in the sink , I would n't do that with any tub . It does n't seem safe . Therefore I place the tub on the bathroom counter next to the sink .
 This is the perfect tub for a double sink . It fits perfect in the sink , and is comfortable for your baby , even when he/she is very young . It folds up nicely too .
 This tub was perfect for my baby . It kept him upright laying slghtly . There is a small slot by the feet for small toys to play with while bathing . In addition , the fold-up feature made it easy for storing . The foam did not allow my son to slip at all . The fact that a small amount of water can be filled near his bottom allows the freedom to bath him by gently soaking a wash cloth . Later you can drain the tub through an opening at the bottom of the tub .
 This is a near perfect product . They look good . I am on my feet all day , on hard floors . They keep my feet from swelling and my legs from feeling tired . I have used them for years . I buy 10 pair at a time and they last about 2 years .
 For a person that takes a long time in eating this dish keeps the food hot . Handicap people need items like this to help them .
 This dish holds a lot of hot water and therefore keeps food warm for a long time . I purchased it for my elderly mother who has trouble eating .
 Food keeps hot , water stays hot inside . Food that touches dish stays hot , so keep turning food . I used a measuring cup instead of funnel . I am going to tell the people at my support Lap band/gastric by pass group about it . Good Idea !! fast shipping
 This item keeps food warm for about an hour , which is plenty of time for my purpose . The funnel is too small so I use a larger one .
 I absolutely love this product !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I know this product is for babies , but because my skin has been changing lately , this is the ONLY product that I can use . Other bath products made my skin EXTREMELY dry , irritated and itchy . Not this product !!!! My skin absolutely loves it and I love the way my skin feels afterwards !!! Also , I love the way it smells ... very clean and fresh . This is a wonderful product !! There is no other product that I will ever use ! Thank you Johnsons .
 Ok , so I 'm not a kid , but I love strawberries , so I decided to buy this toothpaste . The taste is n't so great -LRB- it 's like the stuff they use at the dentist -RRB- , but kids will probably like the light pink color instead of the usual white color found in most toothpastes . And I do have to applaud Tom 's of Maine for producing a fluoride-free toothpaste without testing on animals -LRB- or including them -RRB- since a lot of other toothpaste companies out there do that.Ingredient notes
 I was looking for a toothpaste without fluoride , since my two-year-old daughter has n't gotten the idea of rinsing and spitting out the toothpaste . I use Tom 's of Maine 's adult toothpaste , and was pleased to see this fluoride-free children 's product . My daughter loves it so far , and I 'm happy to be supporting an environmentally friendly company .
 I love this lubricant , it is not sticky or clumpy , and all natural . It lasts a very long time . I 've tried many different lubricants KY , Astroglide , ID , etc. . either they were sticky , or would clump and dry really fast . O'My feels so natural almost like it is all your own . I definitely recommend this for women who have sensitive skin it is very gentle and fragrant free .
 I 've been using Relora for two weeks , and have lost 4.2 lbs so far . I was reluctant to try this product , but a friend recommended it , and based on that -LRB- and the fact that the prices here on Amazon are so reasonable -RRB- I decided to order it and give it a try . I 've been on points-based eating plan for awhile , and I 'd lost over 50 lbs until I re-started college last fall -LRB- after retiring from a 32-yr career in high tech -RRB- . I had n't been inside a classroom since 1978 , and the high stress of classes , papers , exams , etc. caused my weight loss to halt , and the increased exercise -LRB- stairs , hills , etc. and carrying around 20 + lbs of books -RRB- led to a gradual weight gain , despite religiously continuing my diet/exercise routine . Combine that with the fact that I 'm past 50 , and the old metabolism just is n't what she used to be.I was n't expecting much , but almost immediately I noticed that I was sleeping better and within a week I was feeling less `` edgy '' during the day . My eating habits have n't really changed much -- I was already eating pretty sensibly following the diet plan guidelines , points , etc. -- but some of the cravings have definitely disappeared . I used to crave a sweet snack in the afternoon and evening , and I find I just do n't think about it anymore . This actually leaves me with more points to `` spend '' on healthier fruits , veggies , and protien.I 'm really not easily impressed , and tend to be HIGHLY skeptical of claims made for supplements . There 's no such thing as a magic pill , at least not yet . Relora is NOT a magic pill , but if you 're already watching what you eat , exercising regularly , and have hit a plateau , this just might help . I would never have believed it if I had n't tried it myself , but I 'm convinced there 's something to Relora , and I intend to continue taking it as long as I continue to see results .
 For me anyways , the claims made by this product are true . I am doing less stress eating , and have less cravings , particularly for sweets . I am definitely sleeping better . Does the scale show fantastic results ? NO . Weight loss is nominal right now , not even average , but I am on my way down the scale , instead up up . I was sick and tired of cravings running my life . Now they are n't as bad , and the weight loss is a secondary benefit .
 I REALLY LIKE THESE RELORA PILLS . I HAVE NOTICED A BIG DIFFERENCE IN APPETITE CONTROL AND MY STRESS LEVELS HAVE BEEN WAY DOWN . I AM RECOMMENDING THESE !
 There 's not much one can say about these plastic syringes . I use them to refill cartridges on my color printer . They suck ink in . The push ink out . They seem to operate without much effort . So far , so good .
 I bought this syringe for a medical kit i was putting together for surface cleaning of wounds . It arrived very quickly and i had to use it last week when i took a chunk out of my leg in the middle of the woods with an axe ... Upon opening it i found that it was still securely packaged sterile and that 's after about 3 years of storage . Overall i would trust this product over and over again because of its reliability when i needed it ... -LRB- By the way , 9 Stitches later and the leg is doing great -RRB-
 I would Highly recommend dealing with this Company . . Order was received on time as Promised . . Items were very well packed . .5 Star company . .
 I was looking for holiday sprinkles in bulk and lucked up to find these . I have purchased this brand at Williams and Sonoma before but always in small containers . I paid the same amount here for the bulk package . I am very happy .
 What a steal ! I make a lot of Gingerbread Cookies during the holidays - large ones - over 6 '' long - and I bag them in florist corsage bags . They look like you bought them at a fancy store . These decorations are the best and they are so cheap .
 India Tree products are great and you can not beat the value here at Amazon.I use these to decorate cakes and cupcakes . They will get a workout as the holidays near .
 I use these stockings all the time . They are great for the winter , and for commpression on the legs . I recommend these over and over again .
 what do u want me to say ... . its zinc supplements ... . and i did n't die so buy it
 Condoms are high-quality and dependable . There are seven flavors . 12-pack is shipped with two of each flavor , omitting one flavor -LRB- there was no banana in mine -RRB- .
 Filter starts out black and slowly turns white . I do n't know if it is needed if the humidifier is used in a clean environment but it lasts a long time and is not too expensive for me .
 A few weeks ago I ordered the Protec DyanFilter Air Cleaning Humidifier Cartridges and I have to say that I am very satisfied with the price and the product.I received them on time and I would truly recommend them to others . They are easy to install and last about 3 moths before having to replace them . Thanks so much.JD
 No need to spend more money for the OE filters . I see no cost cutting compared to the OE part . Great value when buying this package of three filters .
 I have searched when shopping and could not find the filters for my Vicks Humidifier . Thank you for having them . There are 3 new cartridges in the box . They look just like the cartridges that came with my new humidifier . The only difference that I notice is that the white filter is not as thick as my original one . The cartridge fits the humidifier and I am happy to have been able to find them .
 This filter is the right size and is exactly as advertised . I love that I 'm able to order & not have to look in stores for this filter .
 I do not have complaints of any kind . The item was as advertised and arrived quickly and in great shape .
 These filters are super easy to install . They last a long time & I would recommend them to anyone looking for good humidifier filters that are , also , made well .
 I would buy these filters again when I need them again . They work with my humidifier well and easy o buy online , harder to find locally and more expensive .
 Just as described for the cool mist humidifier I have , could n't find at walmart , heb , target , walgreens or anywhere else .
 good filters , great price . Just needed to replace the original filter that came with the product and the price was right .
 I bought these for my son ` s humidifier.Not a bad product but i ` m going to buya filterless humidifier for next year , no hassleb/c there is not any filter ` s to change .
 I have been using this for quite a while and although the vitamin D helped with my mood , I was getting acne again !! I took the recommended dosage , but after a couple of months I just took one a day . I am afraid it `` dimmed me too much '' ! I was n't angry , but I was n't in the mood to do anything . My acne still has n't come back and I also get more for my money !
 I think it was fairly effective but when I stopped taking the I3C with it , I noticed my PMS was back with a vengeance so it 's not as powerful on its own .
 I starting taking this because my periods had gotten bad for a year and I found out through blood tests that I was losing around 5 points of stored iron -LRB- Ferritin -RRB- with each period . After taking DIM for a month , I went from two crazy heavy days to one . This product really works !
 I feel better than before I started taking the pills . I suggest buying a bottle and take as directed . Then half way through the bottle , stop taking them for a week or two and see if symptoms return ...
 I found this at Akins food in Tulsa after reading that it helps some conditions . I have a tendency to have bad pap tests from time to time . I have had no more problems and I have noticed that my hot flashes have almost stopped . It 's a great product and you ca n't beat the price at Amazon .
 Great supplement - Seems to help with energy levels and fighting `` Estrogen Dominance '' - Highly recommend . Blessings ! ...
 Ok so maybe it does n't smell terrific , but now I have enough of it to have a scent . I was getting desperate for something to reverse my hair loss . My hair was so thin and sparse that my scalp kept getting sun burned and I would use hair clips in a female equivalent of a comb-over . I knew that the mainstream topical products were useless for my hormone-induced hair loss so after a little research and reading the good reviews I tried the 120 cap bottle . I started out with the two capsules a day and in less than a month , started noticing improvement . The only negative effect is you 'll grow hair like crazy everywhere else . You might want to read the reviews on the Emjoy . So give yourself more time in your beauty routine for hair removal . I switched to one capsule a day for that reason with good results . The shape of my hairline has totally changed . I have n't had this much hair since I was a teen . I 've also done a lot of reading regarding DIM and preventing estrogen-driven tumors . I personally will take it for this reason also , but you 'll want to draw your own conclusion , there has been one older study that suggested if you had a tumor already DIM may cause it to grow .
 To be honest , I am surprised that this supplement is available without a prescription in the US simply because how dramatic it 's effects are.After going off of birth control 2 years ago my period literally disappeared for unknown reasons . Along with the missing period I had HORRIBLE breast tenderness and a non-existent sex-drive . At first , my doctor thought I had a prolactinoma at the base pituitary gland that was secreting excess prolactin into my body , but after 2 MRI 's , a cranial CT , and multiple blood tests it turned out not to be the case . Afterwards , I decided to do some research into ` natural ' remedies and that 's when I came across DIM.After taking this supplement -LRB- at double the recommended dose - 2 capsules , twice a day -RRB- for 3 weeks my period returned and my breast tenderness vanished . I was SHOCKED . I have never taken an over-the-counter supplement that actually made a noticeable physiologic change in my body . A week later my sex drive returned which turned out to be a pleasant surprise for my boyfriend ;-RRB- Ever since , not a day goes by that I do n't take my DIM . -LRB- The reason that I take double the dose is because if you take a look at the scientific literature regarding DIM , the majority of the studies are done with MUCH higher doses than what this product recommends . -RRB- The only drawback is that sometimes DIM gives me a headache , and that 's when I know I need to decrease the dose back down to only 2 capsules a day . Immediately after taking a lower dose my headache disappears .
 I originally purchased this during a freak out over my first abnormal pap smear . I had six weeks till my coloscopy and saw that research indicated this is helpful . My doctor during the coloscopy saw nothing ! She took a few biopsies to make sure and they all came back negative ! I could not be more pleased.I am 40 and during the last ten years my cycles have been AWFUL . They were socially unacceptable horrible pms , ridiculous bleeding and clotting , and I had several other symptoms such as hair loss , weight gain etc that my doctors always attributed to my hypothyroidism.My first period taking this was so light ! I had hardly any cramps and was able to do stuff the first day ! It was a miracle . I looked into the information , I had never heard of estrogen dominance . To this I have since added progestelle during my luteal phase and stopped using manufactured lotions and replaced my soaps with castille . My life has completely changed . My periods are back to the way they were in my twenties . This has been a miracle for me .
 Aside from all the other benefits The greatest about this for me is i have No more oily skin no more acne and best of all i felt it working within the first day !!! I definitely recommend it and i just want to share that I 've been struggling with acne since the 5th grade :-LRB- and this definitely worked for me !! I also take this along with chaste berry and together they work AMAZINGLY !!!! No other products work for my acne . This is magic .
 I do n't normally write product reviews , but this product has helped me so much that I want to share my experience . I had surgery several years ago for ovarian cysts , endometriosis , and fibroids . After I got pregnant with my daughter , I was on the pill for a few years to keep my cysts and endo at bay . I felt tired all the time and had terrible mood swings on the pill . My sister told me about DIM . I was a little worried about going off the pill to try it , but I have been on DIM for almost a year , and the cysts , endo , and fibroids have not returned ! In addition , I am a much calmer person and I have a lot more energy than I did when I was on the pill . I have not experienced any weight loss like other people have who have used it , but I am thrilled with everything it has done for me . If you have an excess amount of estrogen and are suffering with similar issues , I would HIGHLY recommend trying this product !
 This is the only thing that helps with hot flashes . I rarely have any hot flashes anymore since I 've been using the Dim Plus . I take one in the morning and one in the evening . It used to be so embarrassing if I would be speaking to someone and a horrible hot flash would suddenly come upon me and I would turn red . Since I 've been taking Dim Plus , I ca n't remember the last time this happened . I 've been using this product for a while now and this is the first time I purchased from Amazon . It was a great experience and my vitamins were at my home in just 2 days . Great product from Natures Way and great service from Amazon .
 I have a large fibroid and I do n't want to have surgery and researched DIM as a possible solution to my feminine problem . My doctor kept pushing me to get a hysterectomy . I say No WAY !! I believe I have estrogen dominance and started other supplements along with this product . I purchased this brand based on the reviews here and I just finished one bottle -LRB- I take 4 pills a day -RRB- and just ended my period . What a difference in 1 month ! No extended bleeding which I 've been having since diagnosed in January and my period was n't as heavy as it usually is . The clotting I was having is much less . I am going to continue taking this product . I was told to expect results in 3-4 months and it took me one month to see dramatic results . I am truly amazed and thrilled beyond belief ! I am hoping each month my period gets better .
 I 'm 38 and began taking this to regulate my period , and stop hormonal acne . Boy does it work ! No acne , period is not at `` late '' as it used to be and no painful cramps . I definitely sleep great at night and have more energy . I even lost belly fat ! Awesome ! Great job ! Bullseye !
 I began taking Dim-plus because I did some research on reducing the size of fibroid tumors naturally . My gyno was concerned with the size of them in my uterus and they were causing me to have very heavy and irregular periods , a lot of discomfort in my back and frequent urge to urinate caused by the fibroids pushing on my organs . I had very acute PMS including sensitivity to sound , food cravings , intense and persistent hunger even after eating , anxiety , sadness and feeling very irritated by everything . My periods were getting closer and closer together and I was determined to do something besides begin to think about surgery to have the fibroids removed . The results that I have had with DIM were apparent within one month of taking four capsules a day , two in the morning and two at night . I now have , almost no bloating , less headaches , more manageable moods , better sleep , a regular cycle that you can set your watch by every 28 to 30 days , much lighter periods , less cramping , no breast tenderness , less hunger and best of all my fibroids have been shrinking steadily since I started taking DIM two years ago . I have recommended DIM to several friends with various female issues and they all report great results . One friend was scheduled for surgery and postponed it in order to try the DIM . It has been a year and she has still not had to resort to having the fibroids removed . I certainly believe in medical intervention when needed and I am not recommending ignoring medical advice , but there are changes you can make on your own to help yourself and possibly avoid medical intervention . DIM is definitely that option for me . I recommend it to anyone who has estrogen related issues . My doctors see no reason for me not to take the supplement if I am feeling good taking it . This price is also amazing . It 's half what I pay in the vitamin stores . I 'm gon na stock up ! Without this product I truly believe I would have been a surgery candidate by now .
 Hello all ! ... this product , combined with my natural progesterone has just been nothing short of a MIRACLE ... for years Ive had trouble with either periods , moods , bloating ... heavy bleeding leading to anemia -LRB- had to get weekly iron infusions -RRB- , infertility ... every doctor I went to throughout the years always tried to get me on either birth control or for me to consider a hysterectomy ... good grief ! ... is that my only options ??? ... so I began taking my own health into my own hands and researched , researched , researched ... tried different natural alternatives ... eating better -LRB- YES organic and 100 % grass fed meats DO help -RRB- ... i had been reading about the benefits of natural progesterone ... have been using it for 3 months now and have seen dramatic differences in my daily feelings -LRB- increased libido , for instance . . my hubby sure is happier ! -RRB- and menstrual cycles , then I began reading about estrogen metabolism and DIM ... After reading so many positive things about it I gave it a try ... well ... Im so impressed ... my skin is clearer , smoother ... my cycle ? . . lighter , no cramps and came normally -LRB- 26 days vs 23 ! -RRB- ... ive even lost a inch or so around my abdomen area -LRB- bad bad estrogen ! -RRB- without working out ! -LRB- have finally enough energy to start zumba classes soon -RRB- Today , I cried a little because I finally feel like Im getting my life back and not a slave to my body ... so women , do n't give up and just believe what the Dr. says especially if you are only being offered drugs or major surgery ... there is an in between ... poor estrogen metabolism affects SOOO much in our bodies and its caused by so many everyday things we use ... soaps , shampoos , lotions , foods ... but change a lil bit every day ... in some cases its a bit more expensive -LRB- like organics and grass fed -RRB- but in the end it will be worth it ... vs. a costly medical procedure that you may not even need ... or can pay for .
 A quick history . I am 35 years old and had my thyroid removed 20 years ago . I have never had normal hormonal function , with a very whacky , irregular cycle . I have been told by doctors that my lack of a thyroid has crippled my hormone production.I started taking DIM after coming across an article that mentioned it was helpful in promoting hormone health ... The sales rep at Nutrition Smart told me that I should try Estrosense DIM over Nature 's Way because it was a better overall supplement . . I did use use the Estrosense for one month and finished the 60 ct. bottle , but did n't feel any difference in my PMS symptoms or period -LRB- or anything else -RRB- . I then read many positive reviews of Nature 's Way and ordered a 120 ct. bottle . . Within a week I noticed a major improvement in 2 things . Most noticable was my skin . I have always had extremely oily skin and scalp , but esepecially in the last few years and it would worsen after day 14 of my cycle . On NW DIM my acne was clearing up , my skin was n't shiny and my hair less greasy . Also my skin was n't extremely ruddy or splotchy anymore and was evening out in tone . Now 2 mos later I feel like my skin is the way it should look , healthy and normal . I am not horrified by photos of my face anymore and actually like how my skin looks.As far as my cycle , it has also improved . For the last two cycles I did n't have bad cramps and my period was shorter by 2 days . I did n't get as bloated as usual , but still did have some water retension . In the past , however , I would gain 5 lbs in water weight and be extremely uncomfortable for a week . This time it was more tolerable.So I highly recommend Nature 's Way for anyone who feels they have problems with hormones , whether it is lack of production like me , or too much as in estrogen dominance . At the very least buy the 120 ct bottle and give it two months to see for yourself . .
 Nature 's Way DIM is amazing . It sounds like other reviewers saw the benefits of taking DIM after a few weeks . But it actually took me four months to see any significant changes . Let me first mention that I am not in peri-menopause or menopause . I am 29 years old and have not had any children , but I was n't previously trying to have any either . I started taking bc pills when I was 16 because I was having really heavy , unbearable , and irregular cycles . I stopped taking the pill two years ago because my hubby was concerned about the health risks from taking them for so long . My cycles stayed regular , but my mood swings and skin had gotten out of control ever since then . I always knew I had a hormone problem , but it is like trying to move a brick wall to get doctors to investigate the matter -LRB- let alone take it seriously -RRB- , and recommend solutions besides taking the pill again . So I found out about DIM after doing research on hormone imbalances . It took a while for me to notice the impact , but my husband noticed it way before I did . Lately , he 's been telling me everyday how I am more affectionate -LRB- without giving t.m.i. -RRB- , how radiate my skin is now , and how he has n't notice any of my typical mood swings . I used to have bad acne flareups about a week before my cycle , but that has completely ceased . I also read that DIM helps with fertility issues , which is great since my hubby and I want to start a family in the near future.But , I have noticed a downside to the vitamins
 Nature 's Way DIM is amazing . It sounds like other reviewers saw the benefits of taking DIM after a few weeks . But it actually took me four months to see any significant changes . Let me first mention that I am not in peri-menopause or menopause . I am 29 years old and have not had any children , but I was n't previously trying to have any either . I started taking bc pills when I was 16 because I was having really heavy , unbearable , and irregular cycles . I stopped taking the pill two years ago because my hubby was concerned about the health risks from taking them for so long . My cycles stayed regular , but my mood swings and skin had gotten out of control ever since then . I always knew I had a hormone problem , but it is like trying to move a brick wall to get doctors to investigate the matter -LRB- let alone take it seriously -RRB- , and recommend solutions besides taking the pill again . So I found out about DIM after doing research on hormone imbalances . It took a while for me to notice the impact , but my husband noticed it way before I did . Lately , he 's been telling me everyday how I am more affectionate -LRB- without giving t.m.i. -RRB- , how radiate my skin is now , and how he has n't notice any of my typical mood swings . I used to have bad acne flareups about a week before my cycle , but that has completely ceased . I also read that DIM helps with fertility issues , which is great since my hubby and I want to start a family in the near future.But , I have noticed a downside to the vitamins
 I started taking this product after hearing a friend comment on how much it has helped her menopausal symptoms . Prior to beginning this product I had all the typical symptoms -LRB- hot flashes , night sweats , moodiness -RRB- and fatigue as well . I took the max dose and after 3 weeks of taking the product I started to notice a change with my symptoms lessening . NOW , I do not have the hot flashes , night sweats and yes , even my mood has improved . I do feel I have more energy as well . This is definitely worth a try !!! I ca n't say it will work for everyone but it has certainly worked for me !!!!!
 I came to this product looking for help with pms issues and pre-menopause issues . I was having ovary pain , bad cramps , low libido and mood swings . My periods were very irregular and problematic . After taking DIM , I am totally regulated . I have almost no pain and I have no mood swings at all . I use this product with Emerita natural progesterone . This combo is so much better than the birth control pill . Birth control pills were not working for me at all and they gave me heart palpitations . I had my tubes tied so I do n't need the contraception . This product is amazing , it changed my life.update 8/10/12-still taking DIM and glad . have heard lots about its anti cancer propeties - u can google that . anyways , havent had hot flashes or weird periods since using this with the emerita progesterone cream . cant complain . i have lost two friends to blood clots due to the birth control pill in the last year , they put too much cr * p in those pills , its not healthy . so glad to be on something natural .
 This is the best next thing to hormone replacement without the side affects . Has given me back my life . I would recommend this to anyone before going on any other medicine for your hormones first . I was fighting fatique for a year after I realized I was in full blown menopause . My hormones were a mess . This helped me so much . You do need to give it time to get into your system . But after a few weeks , I could really tell the difference.Best of Luck!Jewels
 After one day of use I stopped having hot flashes , night sweats and actually slept through the night for once in three months !! I have re-ordered Dim-Plus . I 've tried other natural supplements that did nothing to relieve the hot flashes , night sweats and sleepless nights . I feel the `` brain fog '' has gone away also . I 'm 54 and just started experiencing menopausal symptons and wanted to use natural supplements vs HRT . Dim-Plus works for me !!
 I am very happy with the results I am getting from DIM-Plus . Both my husband and I are taking it , and we immediately started sleeping better.I am recommending it to my friends . I looked around the Internet at various DIM products and found this to be the best for the money .
 Do n't know what I 'd do without Dim plus.Thanks allot for the speedy service ! Arrived timely and in good packaging . I am very satisfied .
 Not sure about these ; taking for 3 months and have n't been able to evaluate them completely . My husband says he thinks they are helping him some . I believe it will take longer for me .
 The price at Amazon was the best deal I found for this product and I 'm very pleased with it . The only thing I was n't impressed with was the length of time it took to get to me -LRB- 4 weeks + even though they stated 10 to 18 days . -RRB-
 I ordered this product as described on Amazon.Com as I had read that it could possibly help with Enlarged Prostate issues as well as hair loss . At this time , it is too early to tell if this product will address some of those concerns , but I can state that the product came in a timely manner and as described . I am and have always been very pleased with Amazon 's products , delivery and customer service . I would have rated this a 5 star , but it is too early to tell the results .
 I read about DIM several years ago . Apparently , all is still true , DIM , from Broccoli , will turn your bad estrogens into HDL
 My wife loves this product as it eliminates pain and other undesirable systems during that time of the month . It works wonderful for her and I know that by this it will work for men and help regulate undesirable expressions of hormones in their body as well . My wife will take this the rest of her life .
 Good product . Have been taking for several months and believe it adds to better health , especially when I do n't eat all the greens I should on a daily basis . I break open the capsules and add to my smoothies . May give you flatulence for the first while until your body adjusts to it .
 Wonderful product , helps with hot flashes . It 's all natural so that 's a relief . Helps you to relax and get a restful sleep .
 I heard about Dim-plus through one of my patients and decided to give it a try . I used to have severe breast tenderness before my periods , but with the help of this product , I am now totally pain free ! I have even recommended it to a few friends and it has worked wonders for them , also .
 While the reviews were great for this product , I remained skeptical but thought I would give it a try . In just one week my hot flashes totally stopped ! Even more exciting is that the severe hair loss/thinning I have noticed over the past few months has significantly slowed down .
 Recently I 've lost about 30 lbs , which set my hormones completely awry . I 've always been on birth control to manage my cycle , acne , and mood swings , my birth control was no match for the release of estrogen with the weight loss . I was not myself at all , severely moody , crying or raging at the drop of a hat , breaking out , and being generally a miserable human being . While ranting to my massage therapist about this one day , he suggested that I try Dim-Plus , which his wife takes . He swore up and down it made all of the difference , and it really has.Since my weight loss was pretty rapid -LRB- 30 lbs in just over a month and a half from switching to a vegan high protein diet -RRB- , my symptoms were more pronounced than they would have been in a normal person , I 'm sure . However , I noticed a difference almost immediately , and so did my husband and dogs . I became more approachable , more even keeled . My monthly cycle after I started taking this -LRB- I 'd been on it about 2.5 weeks when I got my period -RRB- was almost back to normal . I 've been on it for a month now , and plan on ordering my 2nd bottle . I 'm still having spikes here and there of the moodiness -LRB- and yes , I 've spoken with my doc , she 's verified it 's hormonal -RRB- , but it 's much more easy to control . This stuff is awesome .
 I had to take this for 4 weeks before I noticed any benefits . For the first week my skin seemed to have a better glow . Then the second week a had a mild headache and my stomach felt bloated . My skin continued to improve , breakouts ceased . Through the third week , the headaches stopped but I still seemed bloated . Then by the fourth week , it seemed I 'd lost some weight on my stomach and my skin is completely cleared . That was the main reason I purchased this . I will continue to use .
 I 've been taking DIM-plus for about 10 months . I ordered it because I was experiencing night sweats , hot flashes and difficulty sleeping . Within a few weeks my symptoms improved greatly . After a few months I stopped taking it , and the symptoms returned . I wo n't be without it from now on .
 I 'm 35 and a vegetarian my entire life . Hence a lot of soy protein over the years . Not to get too personal but after 30 my monthly cycle started changing , for the worse . Recently I was pretty sure I had a cyst -LRB- have had them before so I knew the symptoms -RRB- but refused to go to the dr. I 'm extremely weary of western medicine unless absolutely critical . So I always research alternative , natural ways to deal with things and this came up for cysts and other female issues.I had been in severe pain with cramping for about a week , tender to the touch . Within 2 days of taking 2 of these , 2x a day the pain was gone and the spotting stopped . I was two weeks away from m next period and figured I would n't notice a difference in that short amount of time but I did !! It was the easiest period I had had in YEARS !!! I am a believer in this and it ca n't hurt even if it does n't fix your issue . It helped me more then I could have possibly imagined it would have and in such a short time !! I now only take it once a day but if I ever feel the need again , I can double up for a little while.This stuff is amazing . I wish every woman would at least try this before you agree to possibly unnessary surgery .
 Powerful enough to make me stop taking them . I took these pills as a way to rid my body of excess estrogen stored . I was on my period when I started and took them for 5 days . my period lasted 4 and then it stopped but my chest tenderness that usually comes and goes with the ending of the mensrual cycle , never left and i wond up getting a second period a week later thus i became irregular and had no idea what was happening . So I stopped taking the dim and the bleeding stopped a few days after having returned for 6 days . Be careful
 Two friends of mine at church recommended this product . We were on vacation when it arrived so I have just started taking the Nature 's Way DIM but my friends HIGHLY recommended it to me .
 I had started getting hot flashes so I ordered this product and Estrotone and within two weeks they disappeared completely . However , I thought the Estrotone was truly the product that did it so when my Dim-Plus bottle was empty I did n't replace it and within a few weeks I started getting signs that the hot flashes were coming back so I got more Dim-Plus and take it with the Estrotone and they have disappeared again . So I think it is a combination of the two that keep them away ... and I will continue to take both .
 I am a health conscious person and I do n't usually take supplements -LRB- besides a multi-v -RRB- . I have hormonal and deppression problems and I have been told to take birth control to help with that -LRB- NO WAY ! -RRB- . I 've been searching the internet and I narrowed it down to this and Myomin to help with my hormones . Myomin is insanely expensive and I have yet to try it , but this is the right price ! I ordered it right away and have been taking it since . There have been times when I forgot to take it and my depression/moodiness have been rampant . When I take it , I feel much better and for me , that 's worth it ! I love that it 's derived from cruciferous vegetables !
 I am very happy with the results I am getting from DIM-Plus . So far I have been getting up with more energy and I am not as tired as I was before I started taking it.Great product ...
 I 'm 19 and have struggled with acne for a very long time . After taking this product my acne has improved greatly on my face , back , and chest . Its not totally gone but I can tell a major difference and couldnt be happier ! Nothing has ever helped me til now , so I would highly recommend !
 I 'm 27 years old and am at risk for PCOS . This means that I while I DO N'T display most of the symptoms -LRB- such as obesity , hair loss , acne , insulin resistance -RRB- I almost NEVER had a regular period -LRB- unless I was on birth control -RRB- - off BC I 'd be lucky to get it once a year . Doctors told me I would have to stay on Birth Control or start taking harsher drugs such as Metformin . In my opinion these drugs do n't target the issue , they only mask the problem . I wanted to help my body cure itself . So last year I went off BC after readingDr . Bob 's Drugless Guide To Balance Female Hormonesand completely changed my diet to a strictly whole foods , plant based diets -LRB- no processed foods , no meats , no dairy -RRB- in hopes of helping my body achieve hormonal balance . The change was AMAZING ! my body is like it was at 16 -LRB- I was never fat but I went from weighing 145 pounds at 5 ' 7 to 122 pounds -RRB- , my skin looks way younger , my eyes seem bigger , and my energy is way higher , but my period still had n't come , that is UNTIL i added DIM-plus LAST WEEK . I am happy to share that I GOT MY PERIOD TODAY - NATURALLY !!
 I can not begin to adequately explain what a life changing product this is ! In my opinion , it should be in EVERY woman 's daily suppliment regiment!Let me start off with one term
 Just get some and try it ! I noticed a difference overnight like some others did ! You can stop watching Dr. Oz and The Doctors and reading diet books and magazine articles and waiting for the national news story on the latest diet pill . HERE 'S WHAT YOU DO
 3 years ago I was diagnosed with stage one cervical Cancer . I was immediately referred to an oncologist . Before my visit I did extensive research and came across DIM . When I went for my appt I explained to the doctor that I was against surgery because I had n't had any children yet . I also told her about DIM and wanting to try it . Because I am a nurse and work in the same hospital she trusted that I would follow up monthly and gave me three months to try it out . If she did n't see any improvement at my next visit I would have to undergo the surgery . Needless to say at my next visit my results came back moderate . She allowed me to continue and the next visit Results were mild . The doctor was astonished ! I began to slack off and stopped taking the DIM everyday . When I went back my results were not good . I told her I stopped the DIM and her reply was surgery . I asked for a few more months and promised I would take it everyday no matter what . I went back 3 months later and my results were all clear . I continued with it over the next year and was officially discharged from oncology ! This product is a miracle worker !
 I started getting menopause symptoms in May 2011 -LRB- 48 yrs -RRB- . I already knew I was in peri-menopause due to some labwork . I was getting hot flashes at least every hour . They were n't severe however I developed terrible anxiety and then feelings of depression . I literally did n't want to leave the house and was miserable . Then I discovered Estroven and that worked like a charm in stopping the hot flashes , but I still had the anxiety and depression . I had Wellbutrin from a previous need at one time , so I started taking it while waiting for a Dr 's appt . That worked and within days the anxiety was gone so my Doc kept me on it -LRB- just 150 mg/day -RRB- . So I was fine until June of this year.I had read reviews where women have reported that black cohosh will build up in your system and stop working . Well I got slammed in June with much worse symptoms than the previous year . The flashes and night sweats were debilitating ! When a flash would hit me I would immediately feel like all my energy got sucked out of me . I 'd have to stop what I was doing till I got my strength and wind back in me . I also started to get heart palpitations . I know that this is A-Fib because I used to be a paramedic , and that it is not life threatening . But I would get `` runs '' of it , like 6 or more missed beats in a row . I do n't care who you are , that sh*t is disturbing ! Since I 'm going longer than 3 mos without a cycle , I am pretty certain that my body is advancing into full menopause . The worst is that I started losing my hair . Almost all of the front has broken off and my hair is radically thinner all over . I 've basically lost half my hair . So you can imagine my awful distress over all of this . It 's like you 're own body is abusing you . The hair loss is what led me to DIM-Plus . I stopped taking estroven to clear the black cohosh from my system . I read reviews that DIM helped some with hair loss and that it might work on the other symptoms . Well I was only taking it for three days when I just could n't take it anymore and started taking estroven again -LRB- I 'd been off for 2 weeks -RRB- along with the DIM . After just two days the symptoms have decreased . Sweats are not debilitating , I sleep thru the night again , and no more palpitations . Whew ! The shame is that I wo n't really be able to evaluate the DIM effects/results independent of estroven . I 'll continue to take both and actually have been seeing LESS hair loss in the shower and my hairbrush . I will have to come back at a later date to update whether that continues to work -LRB- I also switched to Mane and Tail shampoo/conditioner on the recomend from a friend . PS-it leaves my hair feeling great ! Much less drier -RRB- . I do feel like I have more energy and better focus and motivation . I believe the DIM is helping and I hope it 's helping to reverse the hair loss . The reason I 've written all the detail above is in case anyone else is going thru what feels like hell . I have found reviews and recommends to be so helpful . And also knowing that others are going thru this too . I just wan na know when it will be over ! Lol . Feedback is appreciated if you want to share your horror story and what helped you -LRB- every woman is different it seems -RRB- . I wish everyone the blessing in finding relief and good health !
 I 've been on DIM since the summer , and I have to tell you its awesome ! I 'm in my mid 20 's but I 've always had a problem with my menstrual cycle . Not anymore ! DIM is excellent and any lady with menstrual issues should try THIS before they get on birth control . Obviously you should check yourself out with the doctor , but if the doctor says your only problem is imbalance hormones , then give it a go ! Also , great price and fast shipping .
 This product is amazing . It helps with my estrogen dominance symptoms . I take it daily to reduce night sweats and ache . could n't live without it !!
 I bought this for my wife who was exhibiting signs of Estrogen Dominance . I have to say I think it has helped in a few ways . I guess only she can tell for sure but I thought enough of it to get a second bottle for her . So take that how you want !
 This is our preferred brand of DIM and we are thrilled to find it at a fantastic price here on Amazon . We will definitely order again .
 I can feel this product work in my body as it keeps my system humming along at a smooth , consistent pace .
 I was happy with the price and I received the product more quickly than expected . Not to mention the supplement seems to be helping me already .
 I 've been taking this product for a little over a month now , and so far I 'm very impressed by the results I 've gotten ! I 'm 26 years old and I 've always been a bit of a hormonal &#34; mess &#34; so to speak -- adult acne , intense mood swings -LRB- an overall general feeling of depression , actually -RRB- , oily skin , hair that comes & goes in cycles , etc. . I never thought there was a solution -- but now I really wish I 'd have found this supplement sooner . I 've had a noticeable regrowth in my hairline -LRB- I was getting very thin around my forehead/temples -RRB- , my acne scars seem slightly less noticeable , my face is less oily , and my moods have been overall pleasant ever since I started taking this product . I was taking 2 capsules 2x per day for the first month , and I just started taking 1 capsule 2x per day . It 's only been a little over a month , and I 'm already very pleased !
 My doctor told me to start taking this to combat testosterone from turning into estrogen . Seems like a good product , have n't had labs done since I started but will after a month . The product is priced right and the shipment was very timely . Order a second time from them .
 For at least a year now I have suffered terrible pms symtoms up to 2 weeks before my cycle including terrible bloating , breast tenderness , cramps , break outs , etc. . It was horrible , and there seemed to be nothing that would help including seeing my regular dr , my gyn , you name it.I 've been taking DIM plus for over a month , and low and behold , it 's miracle!A week ago my period came and I barely had ANY of my usual symtoms this time . I was almost surprised when it arrived!Since my symtoms are normally pretty severe , I take 3 a day and increase to 4 a day when PMS time is upon me.Made a MAJOR difference in my life . This stuff is gold !
 I am a long distance truck driver and was having a a very hard time driving my shift because I was so tired from tossing and turning during the night as I would get severe hot flashes . I asked at my health store for a recommendation and she recommended NW DIM . I have never been happier . After taking it for 3 weeks I started to notice I was sleeping thru the night and even noticed that the day time hot flashes were all but non existent . After 4 weeks the hot flashes were gone completely . I get lots of compliments on my skin but had not thought to give DIM the credit . I have been taking DIM for 8 months and ca n't live without it.I have recommended this to my other trucker friends and everyone is hooked on DIM . Our husbands are happy to : -RRB-
 I read about D.I.M. in a pamphlet that was at my local compounding pharmacy . I 've been purchasing Nature 's Way D.I.M. for almost a year now and it really works naturally to raise metabolism , raise mood , and get rid of `` bad '' estrogen in the body that causes cancer.Nature 's Way is a good quality at a reasonable price .
 I love this product . I am 46 years old , female , I have always had PMS probably closer to PMDD . Starving , aches , headaches , depression , anger , tears , very heavy periods , and anemic . This only got worse as I got older , at my age I am probably pre-menopause . I am not normally someone who takes supplements of any kind , I generally believe you should get your nutrition from your food . However , this product has changed my life . It has almost eliminated my PMS/PMDD ! My periods are also light much more manageable . Also it has eliminated the cravings during PMS , so I have for the first time , been able to successfully change my eating habits , even during PMS when I would normally give in to every craving .
 I take DIM for endometriosis and estrogen dominance , and after trying five or six supplements , I 've discovered that this is the best one , here 's why
 I purchased DIM to help manage my peri-menopausal symptoms
 I 'm grateful for DIM because it really does take away my hot flashes which helps me to get a better night 's sleep . But note that it most likely wo n't work overnight I suspect for most people . You have to give it a few days to a few weeks to kick in . For me DIM takes about a week and a half to start working again if I stop taking it for a while . I take 2 in the am usually and am happy to report the capsules are small & easy to swallow . Overall good product .
 I have been diagnosed with probable Adenomyosis and was recommended a hysterectomy to alleviate my symptoms . I am all about natural healing and preserving my body parts so I did some research on how to deal with this . I 've learned that I am estrogen dominant and have to balance out my hormones . I have been using DIM Plus for a few months now . My first noticeable change was that my adult acne cleared up ! I have tried everything to get rid of it . I never thought it could be caused by excessive estrogen - now I know . Along with using natural progesterone cream , I have managed to rid my severe cramping and it has lightened up my menses . I will continue to use this wonderful product until I feel it 's no longer needed .
 I bought this to relieve breast pain associated with PMS . It totally eliminated the pain ! Apparently DIM helps metabolize the `` bad '' estrogen . For me , this product is miraculous !
 I am concerned about this product because my doctor said that raw cruciferous vegetables are hard on your thyroid . Unlike other DIM supplements this product has `` protectamins -LRB- spinach powder , cabbage powder and concentrated broccoli powder - 100 mg -RRB- '' added to the DIM - 100 mg . I do n't know if this means they are cooked or raw.Vitamin E - 9 IU is also added . I like that because it is one of the 3 EFAs - essential fatty acids - -LRB- as are Fish Oil and Borage Oil . -RRB- In any case thank God that we have DIM to help get rid of that bad estrogen which is building up in our bodies thanks to our city water with all the contraceptives people use , and also the plastics , and many health and beauty products . -LRB- Parabens are xeno-estrogens . Google for a list of them all . -RRB-
 I bought DIM Plus on the advice of a friend about a year ago . And I 've kept buying it ever since . I had begun to have mild anxiety attacks that appeared to be directly related to my cycle . When I told my friend about this , she revealed to me that her gyno recommended these to her for that very same condition and that it had made a big difference . Thus I decided to try Dim Plus and began to take them religiously . Soon all my anxious I 'm - going-to-freak-out symptoms went away . After 10 months I got lazy and stopped taking them . Lo and behold about 6 weeks later I began to have these anxious `` spells '' again . I immediately started taking DIM-Plus again and I have n't had any episodes since . This stuff really works for me !
 Having had a hysterectomy 8 years ago , I was prescribed Premarin . I took this prescription faithfully for 3 years , despite feeling horrible . Finally I had enough and weaned myself off of it . However , menopause set in , and at 45 I began to have all the symptoms associated with it . The hot flashes were the worst . I heard about Dim on `` Know the Cause '' and decided to give it a try . I can honestly say that my hot flashes have decreased by 50 - 75 % . I take one capsule with breakfast and one with supper . I have had no negative side affects whatsoever . I would recommend this product to any woman who wants to go the natural route to control hot flashes . Another good thing to know about this product is that it is made from broccoli and not soy .
 DIM was suggested by my doctor when my estradiol levels came back high . Basically my estrogen levels were to high and DIM helps both women and men regulate this.I originally purchased this at a local store . Needless to say , after purchasing that bottle I came to Amazon to see if I could find it cheaper where I found it for half the price with free shipping . The DIM was shipped and received in good condition and just as good as the bottle purchased in the store.I will and have ordered several more bottles of this product . To get the full effect you have to take 300mg to 400mg a day making this only a 30 day supply . But well worth it in my opinion .
 I do n't understand the how or why , but I was waking up literally drenched every night . After finding this product on line , the night sweats were completely gone after only three days . I even stopped taking it while on vacation and the sweats started again , DIM-plus has really been my solution to my night sweats . Now I can snuggle with my hubby again .
 This is a great product and is half the price I 've been paying at the healthfood store !
 very reasonable product , high quantity , fast shipping . Its like eating broccoli daily to fight off free radicals . Highly recommend for your health !
 I lived in an Asian country for years and I realized that the diet there -LRB- high in soy protein -RRB- can cause a lot of unexpected problems . What people do n't know about soy protein -LRB- tofu , soy foods -RRB- , is that soy turns into -LRB- excess -RRB- estrogen in the body . Once I returned from overseas , I purchased DIM to regulate my periods , and I am still having the same bloodflow but NO PAIN AT ALL !!!! I am not sure whether this is because of DIM , stopping the soy diet , or BOTH !
 So far this has been a great product , less mood swings and dramatically reduced bloating . I also sleep much better at night . My skin is much clear and my hair is growing . I am still waiting to see if it has cause any changes for my fibroids to shrink .
 After years of avoiding trying DIMpro or DIMplus to reduce my fibroids and estrogen dominance , I 've finally tried this -LRB- 2 months -RRB- and LOVE it.When I take it my estrogens normalize , which helps normalize my mood , removes nipple discoloration , and reduces PMS symptoms -LRB- less swelling , less bloating , less breast tenderness -RRB- . NOTE
 With so many phytoestrogens and xenoestrogens in our enviroment , its probably best that most adult women take a product like this . It is good for removing excess estrogen from the body . I like this brand because the pills are small and easy to swallow . For me there is n't a noticeable difference in when I take it and when I dont but I will continue to take this long term because I TRULY BELIEVE we need products like this for breast cancer prevention . Think about it , breast cancer is killing women every year and estrogen is linked to breast cancer ... . however plastics are full of xenoestrogens yet we use more plastic now than ever before . Take care of yourself because the govt will not . Thats why they are just looking for &#34; money for breast cancer research and awareness &#34; instead of using their &#34; power &#34; for good and pushing for a safer environment and natural healthier products and real unprocessed freakin food .
 I was very happy with this product ! It definately helps my moodiness as I am going through menopause . Also seems to help my midsection with a little weight loss . I will keep buying it .
 This product has to be the best supplement me and my wife have tried . Both of us suffer from stomach conditions . I have IBS and she has Crohn 's disease . We take 2 pills after every meal and it has helped us be able to digest things much better . My wife had a hard time before eating vegetables or ruffage because the body does n't break them down well . With the help of this supplement we have been able to eat anything without much trouble .
 after a big meal of lobster bisque , these came in and did the job . no upset stomach , no indigestion . i swear by multi-enzymes . the nicest part about these ones is that you only have to take them after a big meal .
 My order got off to a slow start , did n't receive initial order apparently it got lost during transitioning . Sent an email to the company stating that I had not gotten my order and according to my purchase order 's approximate date given I should have received it by now . The company responded immediately in fact received a personal phone call to my home on a Saturday inquiring about my status , after informing the company that I still had n't gotten the order was told they would send me out another order immediately , which they did . The owner of the company called me at work to personally see if my shipment had arrived , he checked himself and saw that it was in my city at the post office awaiting to be delivered to my home that week . I was impressed that not a representative for the company called me personally but the owner himself called and discussed his genuine concern for his customers receiving their orders correctly and promptly . That experience there alone has assured my that company is who I will continue to do business with in the future .
 A little too tart for my family . I had to add Splenda or Sweet n Low to pick up the taste . Very tasty after that !
 I used to drink a lot of juice , but these days , it 's all filled with high fructose corn syrup and other sugars , and it 's just too sweet and unhealthy . These days I mainly drink water , but I enjoy putting a little of this concentrate either in carbonated water or just tap water for a little flavor . And a bottle will last you FOREVER . Great stuff !
 This is great for use in cherry-chocolate martinis . Like the title of this review says ... forget the health stuff ; live a little!Cheers!PS Want the recipe ? Let me see some comments .
 Super good stuff , I do not need to by those heavy bottle juices any more . . It taste great and I can make it stronger if I want to .
 I drink this because I have Psoriatic Arthritis which causes me to have gout flare ups . Black Cherry concentrate has helped reduce the flare ups . Other than that , I have not really changed my diet so I know this is helping . This has a good flavor and mixes well with water .
 this stuff is the greatest tasting cherry juice EVER ! its like eating fresh cherries off a tree if you take a spoonfull undiluted . I take a spoon full every day just to curb my sweet tooth . Plus it Healthy !!!! good bye KOOLAID
 Having gout , I need this almost daily help get rid of unwanted Uris acid that hinders my condition . It tastes great and goes good with seltzer water and cranberry juice .
 I 'm hooked . Because of my arthritis I drink two eight once glasses of black cherry juice daily . Unfortunately I can not live without it but I am thankful I do not have to take medication . The last black cherry juice I used was a tart variety and it worked great but did n't taste as good as Dynamic Health Black Cherry . The only reason I am not still using it is because the price went up to almost double from where it started . As long as Dynamic Health does n't raise their prices I 'll keep using it . I mix one bottle with one gallon of water plus I add a little apple juice for flavor enhancement.Highly recommended .
 I tried both this and the Tart Cherry variety , also by Dynamic Health , for relief of gout symptoms . I feel more significant relief from the Tart Cherry . The Black Cherry type did n't give any noticeable results . It is still a good product , it is tasty and makes a nice juice when mixed with water . No reason to skimp on stars , but for information purposes , those looking for gout relief may find better results -LRB- as I did -RRB- with the Tart variety .
 My knees felt much better within a week or so of drinking 1 or 2 glasses -LRB- mixed with low-sodium seltzer water -RRB- a day . It could have been a coincidence and the attack could have waned , but what a delicious way to feel proactive .
 I am happy to find such a product for a reasonable price - and it is ORGANIC . Our family has used delicious black cherry concentrate for years over yogurt and mixed into refreshing vitamin C drinks . It has cleansing properties and is nutrient-dense .
 I BELIEVE IN 100 % BLACK CHERRY CONCENTRATE BECAUSE IT IS A FEEL GOOD , AMAZING , DELICIOUS , ENERGETIC , GLORIOUS , HEALTHY , NATURAL , POSITIVE , POWERFUL , PURE , REFRESHING , SIMPLE , SWEETENER , TASTE GREAT , WONDER . I LIKE IT BEST IN GREEN TEA AND IN COLD WATER . THE PRICE IS RIGHT AND THE SELLER GIVES GREAT SERVICE IN A WHOLENESS AND WONDERFUL WAY , WORTHY OF YOUR TRUST . I MUST ADD CONTROL IS THE KEY TO BALANCE , OVER YOUR BODIESLIMIT OF THE CONCENTRATE MAY RESULT IN GAS , SO I ADD MORE WATER OR LESS CONCENTRATE ... P.E.A.C.E.
 Looked around and this was the best overall deal -LRB- with S&H ;-RRB- on cherry concentrate . It tastes great . Has various uses , but I add it to my diet , caffeine-free cola to make it slightly less diet and much more appetizing . I used up the 1st bottle quickly and I 'm now ordering 2 more.The bottle I got had a slight crack in the cap so I 'm deducting 1 star .
 Tasty ! It 's on my re-order list along with the cranberry and tart cherry juice . You wo n't be disappointed .
 This trully is a delicious cherry taste not sweet like can of cherries ; just ` cherry ' ! I use it in Cherry Cobbler Recipe ! Joz
 Love it just as juice - but I use one of those `` green '' powder products that taste awful by itself . This cherry juice makes it easy to take ! Have also mixed the juice concentrate with a lemon lime soda for a sweet treat !
 I 've tried other cranberry concentrates and they were far inferior to this product.First , the bottle is very well made . It is quality plastic , not too thick , not too thin , not too rigid , not too flexible . It pours exact amounts easily without dripping , and , of course , it 's recyclable.Next , the juice is completely homogenized ... no sludge or separation the entire time I used the solution.Third , the taste is just as you would expect from unsweetened unadulterated cranberry concentrate . It 's sour and very cranberry!I drink it mixed with water and ice during the day , usually once a day . In the evening , I have one or two cups hot mixed with an herbal zinger tea and a packet of sweetener.I gave up beer because of some ` fluffy ' tummy changes ... Cranberry Concentrate prepared as above is a perfect substitute for me !
 I use all the dynamic health juice concentrates.Great way to get the benefits without the sugars . We use to flavor foods like yogurt , make our own flavored water , and the popular `` fat flush '' program uses the cranberry juice , but some times I 'll add another flavor for a slight change sometimes , all the flavored concentrate juices are good and I buy them all .
 Good juice . I highly recommend the black cherry concentrate . I mix it with my o.j. I do drink it with water and ice cubes . Very refreshing .
 This stuff is delicious ! I mix it with the Tart Cherry Concentrate for sweetness . The combination works great to keep my gout in line .
 I like the product very much . One bottle goes a long way and is reasonably priced . However , the bubble pak did not hold up to protect the bottles . They had mostly deflated . If the bottles had been glass instead of plastic , they would have arrived broken
 Some of these concentrates do n't taste very good to me but this one is pleasantly tart . I also believe it helps keep the ` ol gout in check .
 Perfect for what we use it for . Black cherry concentrate reduces the level of uric acid in the blood , effectively neutralizing it.Black cherry concentrate also acts as an antioxidant in the body .
 I really liked the sweet taste . This one I would buy again . Nice and sweet good for your kidneys the tell me .
 The black cherry concentrate makes a very nice drink ... it can also be used to make cherry lemonade , etc. . Since I have been drinking it regularly , I have not suffered a gout attack . The price was right , and I ordered 4 bottles at a time which lasted me a month or so ; the price was right compared to various health food and vitamin stores . Unfortunately , there seems to be an issue with my Amazon `` subscription '' in which these are supposed to be sent automatically each month ... I have stopped receiving them because of some `` review '' of the product .
 It was recommended to me by a relative to try black cherry juice for the inflammation in my knee and it helps me to walk with no problem and without taking any medications .
 I am very pleased with this product . I use it in the treatment of gout and I believe that it has been highly effective . I recommend the product to most who suffer that ailment . I have not had another attack since usingthe product .
 My dad suffers from gout and I read that cherry juice concentrate helps reduce the uric acid levels in the blood . I bought him a few bottles and he loves it . He puts 2 TBS in his orange juice in the morning and he says it tastes great . It has also alleviated his gout symptoms .
 I had heard about some kind of juice being good for relieving gout symptoms , but I did n't follow up on it . Now the FDA has given one , and only one , pharmaceutical company the monopoly on colchicine and so the price is going up something like fifty fold . Yep , a ten cent pill will now cost five bucks . Colchicine is made from the ground up stamens of Autumn Crocus flowers and was first developed by the ancient Egyptians . People have been taking it for gout for centuries . Fooking FDA . Well , it turns out that it is black cherry juice that is good at relieving gout symptoms.There are several choices at Amazon , I think this one , the pint of concentrate from Dynamic Health for $ 7.63 is the best deal . I have a Vitamin Shoppe nearby that sells their house brand for the same amount and I believe that their 's is made by Dynamic Health too . It 's good stuff and I do believe it is helping with the gout . I 've been drinking black cherry juice for a couple of weeks . I use two table spoons in 8 oz of water to make a glass.The first week I was drinking a couple of glasses a day , by the second week I 'm down to a glass every couple of days . I have n't had any gout flares since I started drinking black cherry juice and I 'm convinced it has helped . I still have a few aches that I know are gout related , but no flares . Now if I could cut back on beer and get some exercise even the aches might go away but ... beer , mmmmm beer.Some people have said that they do n't like the taste of this particular brand . Taste like cherries to me but if you want something that taste `` better '' that pretty much leaves Knudsen and that brand cost considerably more . As I stated above , I think that The Vitamin Shoppe brand is actually made by Dynamic Health . I give it 5 stars , Knudsen may taste better , but at this price this is a fine choice .
 My knees felt much better within a week or so of drinking 1 or 2 glasses -LRB- mixed with low-sodium seltzer water -RRB- a day . It could have been a coincidence and the attack could have waned , but what a delicious way to feel proactive .
 Good product . We are trying to find a good way of sweetening it . It is in a plastic easy pourable container that must be kept cold after opening .
 THIS JUICE IS GREAT FOR ARTHRITIS . IT COST HALF OF WHAT OTHER STORES WANT FOR THE SAME THING .
 I was skeptical when my sister told me a drug rep had suggested she take black cherry concentrate for arthritis pain , but I tried it for the pain in my hands and it really worked ! Several of my friends are also using it with good results .
 Read about using Black Cherry concentrate to treat the symptoms of gout . I tried this for about a week , taking a couple of teaspoons worth each morning and evening . After about a week the gout cleared up . It seems to have worked . The product is very strong tasting , but that is to be expected of a syrup like concentrate . The price is better than what I could find elsewhere .
 This product is pretty good . It does not have the perfect fresh black cherry taste that I have experienced with a product that was twice the price , but it is not bad . We paid less than $ 5.00 for the 16oz. , so bang for our buck was exceptional . We have paid twice that price for similar sizes . We are happy with the product . My husband swears by black cherry for his recurring gout .
 great line of products when added to juice , water or placed on Yogurt or ice cream a real treat
 Love this product . Highly recommended . This is now our 5th bottle . This is concentrate so it lasts a while . We mix with water or ice tea .
 my little chorkie has a severe liver shunt which means she has very high uric acid levels like people who get gout . so I give her ... her juicy juice & she loves it . I was buying the organic black cherry juice but before it would be half way done it was fermented so I switched to this , I do dilute it just a little bit & its perfect . It works for Gout , anyone or a pet with uric acid . The problem with liver shunt dogs is the RX is not good for them so this is better . Im all for natural medicine first ... RX later . I had my little dog tested . . works !!!
 Good product of high quality for a very good price , just as advertised . This product is very hard to find in grocery stores , thus this made it very convenient .
 This is all my husband drinks ... healthy , tasty and very inexpensive to make your own drink with no preservatives or carrying home heavy bottles .
 I bought this to help with arthritis after my sister told me it worked for her . I have been taking it daily and already can feel the benefits .
 It takes a little getting used to , its tart , but this pure form of cranberry is what they are talking about when they tell you to drink the juice.At first , try it is tea , but eventually , you will just want to put a little in a glass of cold water . Delicious .
 `` I received the package quickly and in perfect condition . Each glass bottle was protected nicely , wrapped individually in lots of bubble wrap . '' Great tasting too . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 Cheapest and free shipping and it really taste great out of the bottle just like eating a fresh black cherry . Now , hoping in two weeks , I 'm gon na be able to tell if this does relieve my arthritis or not .
 This retailer is very fast . The product is high quality and the price is very reasonable . If you need an anti-inflammatory , this is a good option instead of taking NSAIDS or other drugs.Thank you .
 This cherry concentrate is so delicious , you will put it in everything . I used it straight in water , in diet drinks and bubbly mineral water . Kids love it too .
 I received these as a gift along with lots of other more traditional burp cloths and the cloth diapers with thicker centers . I inadvertently returned the ones with the thicker centers by mistake . I must say it was the best mistake I 've ever made . My son is 8 months old and we use these every single day . Drooly chin , spit up , peek-a-boo , you name it . We carry them everywhere and he loves to cuddle with them . It is so much better than a lovey because we can replace and wash all we want and he always has another . I use dressier , nicer burp cloths just for looks at church and things , but this cloth is our # 1 buddy wherever we go .
 After purchasing three packs of these , I was so disheartened to read the overwhelming amount of negative reviews ! I am a first-time CD ` ing mom and I have to say , I actually love these . YOU CAN NOT BEAT THE PRICE ! - which is why I chose these to try out first . Yes , when you first open the package you are immediately starring at a very thin piece of cloth , but do n't let that fool you . Wash them once or twice -LRB- I only did once -RRB- and they are already a world different ! Until our Kawaii OS Covers get here , I am doubling up and folding in the oragami style . Yes , the cloth gets wet when your little one urinates , but that 's a cloth diaper for you ! They are made to be worn with a cover ... . Something else we are doing is putting a microfiber cloth -LRB- also very inexpensive -RRB- between the cloth diaper and the cover , and we do n't even need to change the cover often because it does not get wet . -LRB- Do n't put the microfiber inside the cloth diaper , though , because that is not great for your little one 's skin -RRB- . Overall , I would highly recommend these . They literally take 10 minutes to dry on Medium heat ! 10 MINUTES ! I ca n't say how long they hold up for yet , but honestly , with the price so low , I can afford to buy more in a few months . If you 're unsure , buy one pack - wash at least once - and give it a shot . They are so versatile that you WILL be able to find plenty of other uses for them if you do n't like them for a cloth diaper .
 I used these for both of my children for burp rags . They work great . I am pregnant with my third and BabiesRus wanted $ 16 per pack for these . So this is a much better deal
 I find these cloth diapers very useful . I use them as burp cloths and to have handy in case of spills or other baby related messes . They are absorbent and comfortable to use . They are soft , so they do n't scratch my babies face when I clean his mouth . I first bought 1 package and then went back for more . They are inexpensive and very useful .
 I 've tried several types of cloth diapers and these flats with a Thirsties Duo wrap cover are my favorite . I fold them in an `` Origami fold '' -LRB- there are videos on youtube -RRB- and they fit my son perfectly . It was actually a happy accident that I received these
 I have been cloth diapering my son since birth . These diapers were perfect when he was a newborn . I folded them in thirds and then in half . I stored them like that , and then when I needed to use them , the size fit perfectly into my thirsties x-small wraps and made a great diaper ! They are thin , but a newborn needs frequent diaper changes anyway and they fit very well.You also can not beat the price ! I loved that when I needed more diapers I just had to do laundry , too!I started changing what diapers I used with bigger covers as he got bigger , but these were great at first because they did n't provide bulk when he was tiny . I now use heavy duty prefolds with covers . These diapers still come in handy for rags , burp cloths , everything else . Most of mine are stored away patiently awaiting my next child .
 I disagree with whoever said that these are too thin for burp cloths . They do look gauzy , but fold them over once , and they 're thick enough to absorb most of my baby 's spit-ups entirely , and -LRB- apologies if this gets graphic -RRB- even a single layer is effective at catching all the chunky bits in spit-up which can cause your clothes to smell . I fear that the prefolds would be too bulky for me and not nearly broad enough . I like the simple , large form of these diapers.I use these predominantly as burp clothes . They are so absorbent , so effective , so economical , and so handy . I have three packs , and I really needed them all when my baby was a newborn . I keep a tall stack on my coffee table , and I 'm always ready for errant bodily fluids.I also occasionally use these to wipe up all manner of spills . They 're extremely effective at drying dishes and wiping down counter tops . In a pinch , they make great handkerchiefs for my runny nose when I 'm out for a walk with the stroller . I also fold them and put them in my baby 's -LRB- all-in-one-cloth -RRB- diaper if I want to give it a bit more absorbing power . Tuck one in the car-seat , another in your pocket , and lay one under your baby 's head when she goes down for a nap . They do n't take up much room in the laundry , so you might as well use them liberally and keep the rest of your life clean and dry !
 Other than my wonderful son , these are the best things to come out of raising a child ! I use them for everything now , they are just the best cloths to have around .
 I got hooked on these with my newborn in 1988 . After using them for the typical infant uses , I started using them as dustcloths -LRB- absolutely no lint -RRB- , cleaning cloths -LRB- holds expensive cleaners well and can be used over and over -RRB- , etc. . The latest is that I use them to clean my Harley . Absolutely no scratches , ever ! Just try a pack of these for spitcloths and other uses . I actually used disposable diapers , but these are great for everything else .
 Not sure about them for a diaper but I love them for burp rags . The prefold diapers are n't as absorbent as these . For those that open a pack and panic trust me they get better with each washing . I opened them and figured they were useless . I figured they were good for nothing . I am so glad I washed and tried them anyways . They absorb and wipe up so much better than other burp rags that just push the spit up around . The more these rags are washed the better they get . No nursery is complete without a stack of these .
 We only had 5 or so burp cloths , a thick flannel kind , and when I was looking for more to buy I found these by reading other people 's reviews . At first I was hesitant because of how much thinner they are than the other kind I had , but now I use these almost exclusively.They are lightweight , but especially folded in half they work great as a burp cloth.My daughter 's tear ducts did not open fully for several months , so she constantly had gunk coming out of her eyes . A corner of these thin cloths was a great way to gently wipe her eye area clean.She also uses these -LRB- at 8 months old -RRB- as her blankie , I keep trying to introduce others but she `` needs '' one of these cloths to snuggle to sleep . Works great for us since we have 2 dozen so there is always one at hand and clean ! They are also lightweight so less of a smother hazard than a thicker blankie.I highly recommend these , they are versatile and even though they are thin they have held up well for us through many many washes.I DO NOT recommend them as cloth diapers - we have n't used them for this purpose , and they are so much thinner than other cloth diapers that I imagine you would have to use several .
 Used diapers for a different purpose . For a family member with a very dificult rash and excoriated area in their groin area that would not heal . After applying medicine to the area , I used the diapers -LSB- after cutting them in one half and sewing the edges together -RSB- to place in the groin area to keep edges of groin from touching each other . The diapers were all cotton and very light and that allowed the area to heal .
 Love that these are cotton - texture is great and they are actually much softer than they look . We do n't actually use these for diapers . I bought them as `` temporary burp cloths '' while deciding on some others . I now use these exclusively . One thing I love about them is that they wash very well - I do n't spray them with any stain remover and they come out clean every time simply using Dreft detergent.We also use them to `` catch '' my little boys ' geyser , as my husband refers to it , during diaper changes . I think these would also be great for household cleaning as well -LRB- I 'd use separate ones for those -RRB- . These also make a great light-weight , breathable blanket for blocking the sun - we live in Texas , so this is a huge plus !
 When the first of my children was born I bought 5 dozen birdseye diapers . I never thought cloth diapers to be a hassle , even though all of friends used disposables . They were always running to the store to buy diapers . I always had plenty . I saved tons of money . Washing diapers is no big deal to me . I got a kick out of so many of the reviews here talking about all of the uses for the cloth diapers -- other than diapering . I would rather have soft cotton on my botton than paper . You do n't have to worry about chemicals or fragrances with cloth diapers -- just use Ivory Snow . The `` books '' say not to use bleach , but when the diapers got dingy or stained I did use bleach following by three rinses . My kids are now grown and I am still using the diapers . They are the best thing to dry crystal , wash cars , and to use on your face . Pure cotton -- ca n't beat it.The Gerbers I bought were thick but many of the reviews here say they are now thin . I bought 5 dozen for my daughter several years ago from an online diaper store and they were quite thick.Do your wallet and the environment a favor and give cloth diapers a try -- for diapering . You can buy 5 dozen for little more than one month 's worth of diaposables !!! Disposables are also a real environmental problem .
 I used these as cloth diapers with my second child for the first two months . They work well , especially with a liner , when the baby is eating and being changed every 2-4 hours . Even on a 6-lb newborn , they 're not bulky . When the baby starts to sleep longer than 4 hours , though , a more absorbent diaper becomes necessary . Right now , I 'm double-layering mine until my bamboo terry squares are delivered . As a cheap , readily available newborn cloth diaper , these are great . You do have to know how to fold a flat diaper , though . I suspect that may be the issue with the reviewer who said these do n't work as well as the prefolds . A flatfold offers more versatility and can be a much better diaper if you know how to use it.The low price of this product , coupled with its several other uses , more than make up for its short life as a diaper . We 've used ours as burp cloths , cleaning/dust rags , -LRB- very -RRB- informal cloth napkins , paper towel substitutes , etc. . Do n't be dismayed when you first take them out of the package ! They seem thin and useless , but a quick run through the laundry fluffs them right up .
 I 'm a first time mother , and no one told me about using cloth diapers for just about everything -LRB- apparently all mothers know this -RRB- . My friend bought me a pack for my shower , and I now use them for burp cloths , lap pads , covering my son when changing him -LRB- another mother 's secret -- to prevent being urinated on -RRB- , etc. . Apparently they make great dust rags when baby grows up !!
 I ordered these to use as cleaning cloths , for drying wine glasses and for dusting . After reading some of the reviews , I was concerned as it seemed that some were not happy with the quality . All I can say is that I found these diapers to be extremely soft and washed well . As for whether or not these make good diapers , I have n't put them to that use so I ca n't comment , but for cleaning , I give these 5 stars !
 I AM A MEDICAL ESTHETICIAN AND I USE THESE IN MY FACIAL TREATMENTS . I PERSONNALY DO NOT LIKE TO HAVE A HOT SOGGY HEAVY TOWEL ON MY FACE DURING A SERVICE AND FOUND NEITHER DO MOST OF MY CLIENTS . THESE ARE LIGHT WEIGHT , HEAT UP QUICKLY , AND ARE SUPER ABSORBANT FOR REMOVING MASQUES AND PRODUCTS . THE REAL UPSIDE IS THAT YOU CAN DRY ABOUT 100 OF THEM IN 10 MINUTES INSTEAD OF AN HOUR IN THE DRYER . THEY CAN BE BLEACHED AND WASHED REPEATEDLY WITH NO SHRINKAGE , FRAYING OR SHREDDING . THEY ARE THE BEST SECRET WEAPON OF REAL PROFESSIONALS .
 I really enjoy using these cloth diapers , but one thing onlyit is so difficult to find the diaper liners . I called to so many stores the only one that carried these liners wasBaby R Us . These liners really do the job as far as to keeping the babys dryer and when they have a bm you just discard the liner without so much of a mess .
 These diapers are great for many different uses . I mostly use them as a burp cloth or for spit ups . They work great for this but I think they could be softer for little ones skin . I also use them to put under her while changing her diaper , it keeps the changing table clean and all I have to do is wash the diaper instead of the whole table . I would recommend these diapers , I just wish they were a little softer .
 Bought these at the suggestion of my mom for my 3 kids . Mom 's know best ... with her guidance of how to fold for boys and how to fold for girls to acquire maximum use for absorbancy , these diapers were a hit . And for nighttime use , just double up the diapers to 2 or 3 or just simply use a disposable . These are perfect for the over-the-shoulder burp cloths too . After baby toilet trains and is out of these , you wont find anything better when you need a soft polishing cloth . Now I 'm buying at least 8 dozen for my daughter 's first baby due in January . :-RRB- Andi
 I have used the old fashioned cloth baby diapers as kitchen and cleaning cloths for at least 45 years . They do make wonderful absorbent kitchen towels because they are large and dry very quickly . These are the diapers that are NOT folded and are not thick . They are useful as dust cloths too for they do not leave lint on surfaces.terry
 I got these as a shower present , and I was all `` what the heck am I going to do with these ? I 'm using disposables ! '' Various moms at the shower told me these were invaluable for lots of non-diaper uses , and sure enough , within a week of my daughter being born I had ordered two more packs of these -LRB- almost the only thing I actually bought MORE of -RRB- . They 've been variously useful for burping pads -LRB- folded up -RRB- , nursing pads -LRB- I had a lot of overproduction -RRB- , wiping up baby spit , impromptu bib , and security blanket -LRB- how awesome is it that my baby has a supply of thirty security blankets ... if one gets dirty or lost , there 's always another one ! -RRB- . When she grows out of them I 'm planning on using them as rags , if there 's anything left of them . Just so pleased .
 I do not use these as diapers , but I could n't live w/o them . When my baby was really little , I used them on the changing pad to keep from having to change the changing pad cover constantly . These are much easier to change and wash than those covers . These are also the best burp cloths . My daughter has really bad acid reflux , and not many burp cloths can stand up to a good spit up . I go through about 5 a day . They are VERY absorbant !
 My mom uses these for window cleaning , and they are not easy to find . That was part of her Mother 's Day gift . She was thrilled .
 These diapers were the primary ones I used for my son and various foster children . While others have complained that are NOT useful as a diaper , I found them to be the MOST perfect for this use ! Especially with babies in different sizes at the same time , I did not have to worry about assuring I have enough of any given size - and they fit great into the diaper covers I was using -LRB- Bumkins covers -RRB- - for the littlest ones I folded one way , for the middle children I folded another - for the biggest children , I would use two and fold them the same as I folded for the middle children.Now that I am not caring for other people 's children , I still have many of these diapers and we still use for cleaning cloths around the house and elsewhere . Over the years , very few have fallen apart -LRB- pretty much just the one 's my mother washed with bleach , which should never be used on an item that will be pressed against a baby 's most sensitive area ... -RRB- . I thought and still think they are great , so I am very surprised to hear from others that they do NOT work for all the purposes that I used them for : -RRB-
 First , let me state , I have never actually used these as diapers . EVERYONE gets these for baby shower gifts , and they all look at me funny , until I explain why . These are the best `` spit rags '' ever created . Perfect for using as burp cloths , as they are large , and can be washed in hot water and bleached -LRB- though it 's always best not to use bleach on baby stuff , these are n't actually put ON the baby -RRB- . Products sold as `` burp cloths '' are generally very small ... I think they were created by people who have never actually been spit up on . These flatfold diapers are very large ... I fold them in half or tri-fold them long ways , and throw it over my shoulder . It 's long enough to cover the front and back of my shirt . They are also good for a makeshift bib once the baby is old enough to eat baby foods . Simply tuck into the collar of the shirt . They make a good makeshift ` prop ' for the head , if you roll it up -LRB- you know the `` U '' shaped cushions they make for helping baby keep their head straight -RRB- . Of course you would never want to use them like that and leave baby unsupervised.If you need to lay the baby on a couch/chair to change a diaper , in a pinch , these can work as a changing mat too.Once the baby is older , and is done using them , they are fantastic cleaning cloths ... great for glass , countertops , etc. . They 're good for keeping in the car to wipe up any spills , etc. . There 's a bunch of uses for these things !
 These looked huge when I took them out of the package ! Do n't worry they will shrink down a little after the first wash . These are absorbent and great for burp cloths because you do n't have to worry about staining them . They are very easy to wash and could potentially be bleached . After the first wash , they might not be as soft was you would wish but after a few washes this is not an issue . In short , I love them . I have 2 packages of them and I use them every day . I have cute ones that I might use outside of the house , but these are definitely my first choice.My auntie recommended them to me and I am very thankful for that ! She used them with her kids and they are now a necessity in my house .
 My husband uses these as sweat rags and I use them as dust rags . They last forever . Are n't as big as the last ones I got but this size works fine for us . Wash them with some fabric softener and they fluff up nicely .
 Believe it or not I have been using cloth diapers for years as dish towels . I have never found anything that works quite as well with the `` absorbGerber 12-Pack Flatfold Birdseye Cloth Diapers - White '' factor being the key element . I was purchasing them for years at my local K-Mart but they stopped carrying them . Diaper services were out of the question for my needs , so my solution was Amazon.com . I ca n't tell you how pleased I am to be able to order these online saving time , and money . Fast shipping and true product ! Thanks again Tom
 We registered to have these for burp cloths . My 9 mo old loves these ! He carries his around with him as a security blanket as it is light weight and fun to chew on ! Also great to wipe off a drooly chin or a messy face at dinner . These are a must have .
 We bought these to use as burp cloths for our daughter . They work well to absorb any little messes she makes . I suggest buying a couple and placing them strategically around the house so you always have one in reach !
 Orignally I bought these to use as burp clothes but my baby does not spit up much at all and it feel funny to carry these around as burp clothes or wiping my baby face so I use it everyday to wipe my baby 's bottom , after using the diaper wipes which always leave her bottom so wet , and also on `` air out '' time . Let just say , she does not have any diaper rash at all ! Like other Mom said in their reviews , you can use it for so many purposes . Bleach does wonder to remove soiled diapers -LRB- if you do n't use disposable diapers -RRB- .
 If you thought this was a diaper -LRB- I did n't -RRB- it is n't . They are perfect clothes to have around for breastfeeding and general baby needs . I like them because they are thin so you can use 'em and toss in the laundry bin without worrying about filling up your laundry load with thicker clothes . I love these . A total must have ! -LRB- I 've had 3 kids , and have used these each time around -RRB- .
 These Gerber cloth diapers have a million and one uses . From actual diapers to burp cloths to changing pads , to just super absorbent rags , these diapers will be used again and a again . And because they are well made , they can be bleached and reused time and again , saving money and landfill space .
 These diapers are great burp cloths ! They absorb much better than regular burp cloths . I highly recommend these , they wash great also !
 These for cloth diapering ? Um , no way . Way too thin for that . These for burp cloths ? Absolutely ! While I still periodically reach for the pretty and colorful burp cloths that are specifically made for that use , they are not nearly as absorbent as these Gerber cloth diapers . My child is not even all that prone to throwing up and the other burp cloths are still not enough ... I can not imagine how often you would have to reach for a 2nd , 3rd and 4th burp cloth if you had a baby who spit up all the time . These are easily washed and inexpensive ... admittedly not as pretty , but most mothers get over `` pretty '' real quick when real life sets in and baby becomes messy all of the time ! lol
 A friend recommended I register for these although she knew I was planning to use disposable diapers . I accidentally registered for the diapers with the absorbent centerfold , and fortunately , received these . They are large - 27 `` x 27 '' square and are essential for baby care . I still use them every day and my son is almost a year old . I used them to line his cradle and changing-table when he was first born and going through many diapers a day . They work great as burp cloths , and are superb for wiping up other food messes . Additionally , I found they work as a light blanket during the summer months . Extremely durable , fold-up rather small for travel , and launder well . 101 uses , I love them !
 These are very handy . These are just the right size . I use them as a general purpose hand towel towel and burp cloth . They initially did feel hard , but after few washes they became soft . I have had them for a year now and they are still going strong .
 I would give these a 5 , but I know this product is made as a diaper and I have never used them as such . But someone recommended them to me as burp cloths , and they 're all we use ! Fancy , pretty burp cloths are n't nearly as absorbent or quick-drying , and I do n't feel bad about using them to wipe up whatever mess needs to be wiped up because they 're just utilitarian cloths ! They wash out pretty well , too . I hang-dry them , and they 're still going strong after 3 months .
 Love these ! Absorbent , soft , inexpensive , held up well after many MANY washes , no stains , ect . My only complaint is that they shrink quite a bit.My daughter has always hated wearing disposable diapers . When she was a newborn , she 'd holler whenever we tried to put one on her . As she got older , she 'd arch her back , scream , and try to get away as we were putting the diaper on her . So when she was a newborn , I used these flat folds wrapped oragami style -LRB- no plastic cover , although you could use one -RRB- to give her a break from her disposable diaper . We 've actually made the switch to cloth diapering full time . Now I use these as a cloth insert for the gdiaper -LRB- fold in fourths , then half -RRB- and Thirsties -LRB- fold in thirds , then half -RRB- . You could also easily use these to stuff pocket diapers .
 It may be telling that I 've never had old Gerber flats . Maybe if I had 20 or 30 year old diapers to compare these to , I 'd give them a much lower rating . But I do n't . These are absolutely the cheapest way to cloth diaper a baby if you want to buy new diapers . They 're an ultra-basic birdseye cotton . MANY modern cotton flats are birdseye . They do indeed appear thin . BUT after a few washes , they are super-soft . I really can not over-talk how wonderfully soft they are . They 're a very close second to the flannel receiving blankets I also use as diapers.For comparison , I bought some OsoCozy flats , also sold here on Amazon , back in January . Those flats are visibly thicker . After I prepped the OsoCozy diapers , I did a head-to-head comparison . I put my daughter in an origami-folded Gerber flat , pinned , and kept her coverless until she peed . Then I did the same with the OsoCozy flats -- same fold , same pinning , etc and kept her coverless until she peed . End result ? These are JUST AS GOOD as the more expensive diapers.So , why am I not giving them five stars ? One reason only
 A friend recommended I register for these although she knew I was planning to use disposable diapers . I accidentally registered for the diapers with the absorbent centerfold , and fortunately , received these . They are large - 27 `` x 27 '' square and are essential for baby care . I still use them every day and my son is almost a year old . I used them to line his cradle and changing-table when he was first born and going through many diapers a day . They work great as burp cloths , and are superb for wiping up other food messes . Additionally , I found they work as a light blanket during the summer months . Extremely durable , fold-up rather small for travel , and launder well . 101 uses , I love them !
 When I received these at my baby shower , I thought `` What is this ? ... slightly cheap seeming diapers ? '' When I brought Baby home I soon saw how practical they are . Thin , yes ! But simply fold them in half and it will take point-blank projectile vomits without any problem . We use them ALL the time , lifesavers really . Great for wiping drooly little chins and messy little hands . I give them now as shower gifts ... the workhorse of the nursery . I am using my first set with baby # 2 .
 It 's amazing what people will spend there money on today . Just to throw it away ! I 've used these same diapers on my children -LRB- all 3 of them ! -RRB- and then I 've used the SAME ONES on my GRANDCHILDREN ! Have mercy , can you just imagine ? I bought this very brand of diapers -LRB- 4 dozen to be exact -RRB- 25 years ago and I 'm still using the very same diapers . Yes , they are great for spit rags , burp rags , wipe up rags , dust rags , and just about anything else you can think of . And , I only bought once ! That was the best part . Ca n't beat them .
 These diapers are PERFECT as burp cloths and mini-towels . We used them as burp cloths when our daughter was an infant , and we continue to use them to wipe messy faces after meals , as well as to wipe runny noses during teething . We keep them all over the house ! Be careful though - there are two types , one with padding and one without - make sure to get the ones without , as the ones with extra padding are useless in this capacity . -LRB- They make great car shammies , though ! -RRB-
 One of the greatest things to have around . Cleaning up after my baby , as a burp cloth , etc. . . A must have for all parents !
 This orange spray is the most wonderful thing ! Many products like Oust or Lysol make many claims about eliminating odors , but most do it with chemicals that have other effects , perfumes that are chemically based , and various other nasties . This product not only freshens the air , it purifies it with the natural essence of orange ! Great for those who are chemically sensitive . If you have n't tried it do it now . And remember , a little goes a long way -- you do n't have to hose down the air like with the aforementioned products . Good Health to You !
 The items arrived on time and in good condition . However , the mailing envelope which contained the items was torn in transit , so that when I received it , there was a gaping hole . As there was no additional packaging inside the mailing envelope , the items inside could have been damaged . Luckily , this time they were not .
 My personal physician recommended this and I bought at goo.gl / 54P7J , with $ 10 off and free samples . Great stuff !!!!! He said the experts are still adding to the long list of evening primrose oil benefits :1 -RRB- Relieve the discomforts of PMS , menopause , menstruation , endometriosis and fibrocystic breasts2 -RRB- Ease the joint pain and swelling of rheumatoid arthritis3 -RRB- Prevent diabetes-associated nerve damage4 -RRB- Reduce the symptoms of eczema5 -RRB- Help treat acne and rosacea6 -RRB- Combat damage from multiple sclerosis7 -RRB- Treat Alzheimer 's - related memory deficiencies8 -RRB- Counter impotence and female infertility9 -RRB- Nourish nails , scalp , and hair10 -RRB- Prevent alcohol withdrawal symptomsI bought this for hormone regulation , and it 's very helpful . I have been having heavy periods , and started taking two of these a day . This time , my cycle was MUCH lighter ! Much better than taking hormones for no reason ! I have been taking this for about 3 months now , and it has almost completely done away with those `` female issues '' ! It has reduced cramps , irritability and reduced flow . My hair and skin is ever more radiant and it REALLY helps relieve the stress of hormones . My pre-menstrual mood swings have significantly improved . My boyfriend has noticed the difference and has been very grateful for the product . Amazing !
 I just got my first pair of glasses 2 months ago . Honestly I purchased this product just to qualify for free shipping on another . However , for few bucks I paid , it 's made my life a whole lot easier . Simply put , keep it with you , and you have a simple way to keep your glasses pretty clean and clear . Not perfect , mind you , but a whole lot better than any material I generally have at hand . There are probably expensive cloths that work better , but as it 's effective and cheaper than a latte , I 'm very happy with this one . Highly recommended
 This does it all for me . I always carry one when birding -LRB- for my binoculars when needed -RRB- and have another I use with eyeglasses.I especially like how well these cloths emerge from the wash . Seemingly as good as new .
 It 's a simple product that does a simple job quickly and effectively . I keep mine near my computer to wipe smudges off my eyeglasses and even my computer screen .
 Good company to dop business with . I could not do without this type of cleaning cloth . Verysatisfied with the company and the product .
 Great product ! Cleanse lenses very well as well as other products you do n't want scratched .
 I always use these to clean my glasses . No need for any cleaning spray . Just wipe and insta-clean !
 They should sell these in multi packs , really ! I used this one on my eye glasses so obviously I 'm going to need many more of them for all the various optical products in my world . They work very well indeed and are small and easy to slip into a camera bag or purse . Alas , also very easy to lose !! Reasonably priced , especially compared to those on sale in eyeglass stores !!
 We all need these . Cleaning clothes now are useful for phones , glasses , computer screens and hand held video games . They are a great gift .
 Does what I bought it for and it 's not tiny like the ones that came with my glasses . Happy with the purchase - I use it every day .
 It cleans well , but would rather have a better case to carry it in . Nice to give as a gift to someone .
 I purchased this cloth after buying a junky microfiber cloth at a big box store . I simply ran my glasses under water , scrubbed with my fingers , and then wiped it clean with the cloth . The results were fantastic . My glasses were as clean as the day I purchased them . I 've washed the cloth twice in the laundry and it 's held up great .
 I used this to clean my Anti Reflective coating eye glasses , it works very well , and leaves the eye glasses as clean as you are going to get them.However , it 's not perfect so I would definitely pick up some sort of wipes for eye glasses to go along with it .
 Got it for my IPad , cleans off all fingerprints in one swipe , with cloth pieces it took me good 1 minute of rubbing surface clean and all I ended up mostly was smudging it even worse.This lil piece of cloth just cleans it all off . + there is handy case you can store cloth in .
 Short and simple , this cloth works great ! Cleans my glasses very easily and with no streaks . If you are looking for a cleaning cloth you should really try this one out .
 This Leans Cleaning Cloth is one of the best I 've ever used . It is lightweight and completely removes every hint of smudges from my glasses .
 Very nice . I thought they were going to be too thick at first but after using them for a few weeks they 've softened up a bit . Like the little case/cover to keep the cloth clean and off the bottom of my handbag . Would easily slip in any pocket .
 Always could use an extra cloth for glasses and cleaning iPhone screens as well as tablets . Cleans all these very well .
 I like this product so much , that I ordered one for every room . There 's even a few at my office . Not only does it clean my glasses spotlessly , but it never scratches the lenses .
 I found this cloth to supremely exceed my expectations . It 's twice the size of other lens cleaning cloths that come with glasses purchases , and it seems very absorbent . That might not be the right word ... . My other cloths I use seem to leave streaks behind , no matter how much I swirl and buff . This one actually seems to wipe up the liquid cleaner as it polishes my lens . Quite simply , I 'm ordering a second one right now to keep at work .
 It was a good item , and a good decision to buy . I recommend this for people who are on a budget .
 This is a really high quality cleaning cloth . I forgot how nice it was to see through clean lens . Amazon packed the product well and it arrived fast . The pouch for keeping the cloth clean is a nice touch . This product is worth the money .
 I bought this as a replacement for a previously lost microfiber cleaning cloth , and while I preferred the finished edge on my old cloth , this one cleans a far sight better . It also comes with its own little carry case so it does n't get lost/dirty in the jumble of your pocket or purse . If I lose this one , or something happens to it , I will definitely buy this again .
 I like the cloth . I bought it for a new pair of eye glasses . It seemed great at first but after a few weeks it smudges my glasses as much as cleans them . I just hand washed the cloth and I will see if it works better , for a longer time .
 If you are looking for a microfiber for cleaning your glasses , this product is so well . The price and the portability are the best advantages for this product
 I 'd gotten sick of cheap , crappy microfiber lens cloths for my glasses and phone . You 're never sure what you 're going to get . These are great ! I just ordered two more !
 I have two cleaning cloths
 I wear glasses . I wish I did n't . But without them I tend to mistake my hand lotion for my toothpaste , and believe me that 's not something you want to make a mistake about . So having glasses and being able to see clearly through them are important things in my life.I 've gone through a number of so called `` cleaning cloths '' for glasses -LRB- microfiber and otherwise -RRB- and very few of them live up to their hype , so it was with some depredation that I ordered one of these microfiber cleaning cloths . Now I 'm glad I did . It works great!After cleaning my glasses I always have the extra little smears of skin oil that you just ca n't seem to get off with soap and water , but this cloth easily removes the smears and smudges with a light wipe and buff leaving my lenses crystal clear . And it 's big enough to actually handle easily and encompasses the lens you are wiping , unlike many lens cloths I have bought that were barely big enough to fold much less use to clean your lenses.It 's soft , it 's fairly large , it 's durable and washable , it comes with it 's own little pouch to store it in , and it really removes the smears . It just does n't get more convenient than that .
 Bought this with the Professional Lens Cleaner spray , and love both of them . My husband and I both wear glasses constantly , and keeping them clean and scratch-free is a must . This does the job . Well worth the buy .
 Bought this cloth for my glasses and phone screen it is really great quality even after many cold water washes . If you looking for a good good soft cloth this one is a definite buy .
 I wear glasses when I work at the computer and always get smudges at the bottom of the glasses , as I must be touching them without even knowing it . I notice the annoying smudges because it becomes more difficult to see , so I always have a cleaning cloth next to the computer.This microfiber cloth does a much better job than tissues or terrycloth towels I used before . Once a week or so I wash the glasses with water and dry them with this cloth -LRB- they surprisingly absorbent -RRB- . Otherwise I just wipe the hand oils from my glasses several times a day . These cloths do a nice job cleaning the glasses.If I drop the glasses or get dirt on them other than smudges from my hands I take care to remove grit by washing the glasses to remove the grit to avoid scratching the glasses by pushing it across the glass with the cloth.The cloth is large enough -LRB- 6 3/4 '' x 6 3/4 '' -RRB- to comfortably put it on both sides of the glasses lens for cleaning . The cloth can be washed . The package includes a pouch . I usually do not use it at the computer , but if I go somewhere where I would need to use my glasses it makes it convenient to put the cloth in my purse.There was only one thing I did not like about this cloth
 For the price , this is a decent cleaning cloth for my glasses . It is not as soft as I would have expected for a microfiber cloth . Overall it performs as expected for the price .
 I have been a person who likes to have clean glasses . After being told that cleaning glasses on a shirt or other fabric can cause scratches , I wanted to make sure I always used high quality products on my glasses.The Microfiber Cloth by Apex Healthcare has not disappointed . My glasses are always clean , and I do n't have to worry that I 'm causing lasting damage to my glasses .
 It does a great job and is wonderful for the money , definitely a 5 star product . However , you should note that this cloth in the descriptions shows it inside a blue case , when in reality it actually comes with a black case . I personally do n't care , because I like black better anyways , but this should be mentioned in case someone is looking to buy this and the color is a factor . The cloth itself is quite large and feels solid when you hold/pull it , great item for the price , with great quality .
 I was surprised by how absorbent this cloth is . Much more so than soft cotton . Only drawback is that it is on the small side .
 I use this little cleaning cloth with a lens cleaning solution daily . It really does clean my glasses quickly - and they are as sparkling as the day I got them . I have washed the little cloth twice now ; it dries quickly , and goes on keeping my glasses bright and clean .
 I bought this to clean my glasses and various electronics and it works great for that . I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a Microfiber Cloth this is a nice little cheap product . It looks to be about 6 inches by 6 inches so it 's a decent size for just about everything . Although , I was n't thinking . This product does n't come with the spray so that 's the only thing I did n't like about this certain product . Other than that all is well .
 This product was excellent . . Cheap and was a very fast a professional delivery . I would highly recommend this to anyone .
 Ca n't beat the price and it does what I need it to do . Shipped in a timely manner as well . Thanks .
 I am a bit obsessed with having clean , streak free glasses . This little cloth achieves that much better than cotton . In fact , I suspect that it would get the job done just fine only with water , but I do use a lens cleaning solution .
 Effective wiper . Nothing wrong with it . Carrying case was ineffectual , lost it promptly . The wipe itself is less soft than you might expect , but otherwise wipes fine , left no scratches or anything of the sort . Handy to have .
 I 've had clothes like this for my glasses in the past and they always took the longest time to dry ! This one drys really quickly . And it 's great because of it 's size . I never have to put my fingers on my glasses while I 'm cleaning them , one hand can hold one side of the cloth while the other side is cleaning my glasses . I would definitely buy this again !
 My last few pairs of glasses were completely destroyed from improper cleaning over time . My last pair had `` scratch resistant '' lenses and in 2 years they were scratched to the point I could no longer wear them . Yes , this was entirely my fault . So when I got new ones I decided I 'd take better care of them and ordered 4 of these clothes to keep at my office , my home , my car , and in the case with my glasses . They do a great job cleaning finger prints and smudges as well dirt and grime without scratching the lenses . The storage pouch fits perfectly inside the case with the glasses as well so I 'm never without one . I did standard shipping and received them via USPS in 2 days . I highly recommend this product !
 Tried another similarly-priced brand first , they smudged . Ordered this brand , works great . These are thicker than any cloths I 've used before , but no big deal .
 The microfiber cloths are just what I needed to clean my sunglasses and my reading glasses as well . The product was exactly as described and it arrived on schedule .
 My husband needed a new lens cloth as his old one was just making smears . Got this for Christmas & he loves it . Comes with a little carrying case making it easy to slip it into his pocket .
 I 'm a new glasses wearer and quickly realized the need for a cleaning cloth . As I needed to order some things off of here anyway , I threw this in the cart without much thought . Thankfully it has performed the good work of removing the various smudges , fog and what have you well . A perfectly competent product . If you are in the market for a new microfiber cloth , this may as well be it .
 Good material . Same type of cloth you usually get with a new pair of glasses , but much bigger than what they typically give you . Bought one for work , one for home . The cloth is 5-star . The little plastic sleeve is junk , so -1 star .
 This microfiber lens cleaning cloth is super soft . I wish I had bought one sooner , and will purchase more for my other eyeglass cases .
 Bought this cloth for use with my Kindle Fire HD . It does an excellent job cleaning off fingerprints and smudges .
 I bought this to carry in my truck . It does its job of cleaning prints and whatever else from my sunglasses.I only wish it had a flap for the pouch so dirt could n't get in .
 With a 1-year old constantly grabbing my glass I decided to finally &#34; invest &#34; in some nice cleaning cloths for my eyeglasses as opposed to just using my shirt . These fit the bill perfectly . They are relatively inexpensive , come with a carrying pouch , and most importantly clean the lenses well.Most anti-reflective coating manufacturers -LRB- e.g. Crizal , etc -RRB- simply recommend regular water and a cloth like this to clean your lenses . No fancy lens sprays needed . I have found this to be true too . This cloth gets my lenses looking brand new.The carrying case could be improved by being able to close it so dust doesnt get in -LRB- its just a pouch with one side open ... no zipper or anything like that -RRB- but most of us will probably throw this cloth in our glasses case or similar anyways.I bought another one for my wife . Would recommend this product .
 These work very nicely to clean your glasses , and tuck right into a hard shell eye glass case . Not much more to say ! : -RRB-
 This is perfect for eyeglasses , iPhone/iPod/iPad screens , PC screens , glass picture frames - and lots more ! I like the convenient carrying case -LRB- slips easily into an inside purse pocket -RRB- , and the re-usable/washable nature of these cloths . Will definitely purchase again .
 Best cloth for my progressive lens . Seriously crystal clear , like I 'm not wearing glasses . I will definitely order more cloths for my extra pair of glasses .
 Nice cleaning cloth , could be a little larger . It works well for smaller hands . Good product for the money . We use it at least three times daily .
 arrived in 14 days , good price for this product , it dos the job nicley , for my computer ipod and glasses . great thanks .
 I bought 6 of these micro-cloths , LOVE them . I have special glasses for work that I ca n't afford to have scratched . These cloths work great !
 These are excellent for my reading glasses . Nice and thick , no lint . . perfect . I love these ! No more buying thin , cheap knock offs on eBay for me .
 It 's nothing really special but I have to say as far as cleaners , it is the best one I 've ever had .
 This lens cleaning cloth is great . It is the best I have ever tried . You still need to get the junk off the lens first , preferably with an alcohol wipe . Then you use this cloth by breathing on the lens and wiping off the little spots that are left . It works very well ! Each one lasts me about 3 months , then it needs to be replaced because the smudge stuff will slowly build up on the cloth , but that happens with all clothes in my experience .
 Cloth works great . Have had others from discount stores but did n't work as well . Did n't need any special spray . It washes many times and still cleans .
 This is one of the best cleaning cloths i ever used to clean my eyeglasses , great product and does what it claims.Thanks , keep up the good workmanship and quality.Stan .
 I bought 12 of these wonderful cloths from Rock Ridge Sales to use on not just glasses & sunglasses , but cell phone screens and my Archos 10 '' Android Tablet . I wanted to try this cloth instead of putting a screen protector on the tablet and so far the cloth is working great to clean fingerprints off the screen without a lot of wiping . I 'm actually quite impressed what little effort is needed to clean the screen.No scratches : I noticed that another reviewer mentioned something about scratches.As with any lenses or screens that I clean off with this cloth -LRB- or any cloth for that matter -RRB- , I always make sure there is n't any visible dirt or grit because no matter how good a cleaning cloth is , dirt and grit could still scratch if you do n't blow it off or lightly brush it off before cleaning with the cloth.The remainder of the cloths will make nice little stocking-stuffers/Christmas card inserts for friends & relatives this December . I 'll probably need to get some more . : o -RRB-
 Works well , safe from scratches , and cheap . I use it on my evo 3d and sunglasses . The case is also very convenient
 This cloth works well enough but if you wipe a certain way it will smear . But compared to tissue and paper towels , it works wonders on my glasses .
 MICROFIBER LENS CLEANING CLOTH DOES N'T SCRATCH YOUR LENSES AND IT IS GREAT HAVING WITH YOU WHERE EVER YOU GO .
 I bought the cloth to clean my Oakley sunglasses which I am paranoid as hell about scratching . I have used many cloths that do n't work all that well and that I would never trusted to clean my sunglasses . Until now I have only trusted Oakley 's own cleaning cloths . The cloth has a very fine , almost silky feel to it that works great and does n't pick up dirt or anything large that would cause the lenses to get scratched . I would definitely recommend this to anyone .
 The cloth itself works well . The problem is it needs a better pouch . The pouch is a touch small and the cloth can pick up contaminants if you carry it your pocket or leave it your car .
 This is a large -LRB- 6 3/4 x 6 3/4 inches -RRB- microfiber cloth . It is actually thicker than the one that came with my most recent pair of glasses , and seems to be of good quality . Cleans well on glasses -LRB- have not used it on electronics -RRB- .
 This is a nice sized microfiber cloth . Case is a little cheap , but I did n't buy it for the case . Washable , good size and soft as a baby 's bottom . Cost almost as much as the shipping , so make sure you add this one on when you 're ordering something else !
 This cleaning cloth has a nice texture that clings to glass . It cleans finger smudges on my eyeglasses very well . It is slightly bigger than the previous cloth I have used , so I find it easier to work with . It meets all my needs .
 I am using this cloth to clean my glasses as well as the surfaces of rented DVD 's that seem to have dirt and grit on them . It works very well for both uses . I always use the cloth with a professional lens cleaning spray.I 'm hoping that the performance is unchanged after the cleaning cloth is washed per their instructions -LRB- no reason to suspect that it wo n't continue to perform well -RRB-
 I love these cloths . Would not use anything else to clean my eyeglasses with . thank you
 This works great for cleaning my glasses , which always had difficult smudges , probably due to the AR coating . It comes with a sleeve that is very handy and keeps it from getting dirty/lost/unfolded in my briefcase . I will definitely order another -LRB- or two ! -RRB- when this one wears out or gets lost .
 This is the best brand of supplements I have tried and absorb the best . Every single product I have tried has been excellent .
 They sent me their `` soft '' version first and I gave it a one star rating because there was absolutely no support for my 165 lbs weight . Well actually less because my legs are being supported by the chair and the floor . Their soft version just collapses.BUT ! BUT ! They sent me the correct one and what a world of difference this makes . First of all , their FIRM cushion is much better in construction quality and material . I can take this firm version and sit on a hard surface -LRB- not an office chair -RRB- and the support is there . I have 2 different types of office chairs - a 25 year old soft cushioned seat and a new one with a fairly hard seat - both were killing my lower back and tailbone and they are not cheap office chairs . This does NOT solve my lower back problems - a proper posture and exercise will do that , but this firmer cushion DOES lift my tailbone off my seat . I can see this lasting for a couple of years and I will buy this item again . It 's worth it for my tailbone.Oh , and btw - kudos on their support and RMA process . Excellent customer support .
 Bought this item a few years ago when I was having hip pain . I drive long distances for work . . sometimes up to 4 hours there and 4 hours back ... This has been a godsend to raise my hips and take the pressure off my hip flexors . Plus , it 's made my 10 year old Accord driver seat tolerable . Hubby and his bony butt finds the relief when he drives my car . A good price/value .
 I bought this cushion for an uncle who was emaciated after undergoing chemotheraphy . He was developing a sore on his tailbone because he was so thin . He said this cushion was a lifesaver .
 I use this every day I keep it in car and bring it in to work daily.Office chairs were and still are torture to sit in when you have hip pain or back pain.I must also bring ice this cushion has made such a big difference in my daily work day . I can not go with out it.It is great in the car too driving used to be painful but this has helped so much I will not drive without it anymore.I would like to get another for home ASAP !
 This is a great product ! Bought one about 11 years ago to use in my part time job of driving a truck . Wore it out and bought a second one last month . I 've forgotten it a time or two and had to drive without it and it makes a huge difference . Even if you do n't have back problems as I do , the principle behind the design of this cushion simply makes sense . Do n't know why car seats are n't made this way from the factory !
 I like this cushion very much . I would get the firmer one another time because I am a larger woman and this cushion is a bit soft for me . I decided not to get the firmer one because I was afraid it would be too firm . But I am very happy to have a comfortable and comforting wedge pillow for riding in and driving the car . I would definitely recommend this pillow as a good purchase tho ' slightly expensive . I also like the removable cover which you can wash . If you are regular size and need a good tush cush , then get this ! Otherwise get the firmer one !
 I am working at a client location . The desk I am on is ergonomically to high for me and the odd angle when typing was causing painful tension in my shoulders . This product provided the needed `` boost '' to help position my arms at a more ergonomically appropriate angle and thus removed the pain I experienced . I also tend to sit straighter .
 I use the cushion in my car and when I know I will be sitting on hard chairs . It used to come with a leather like covering but they changed to a material you ca n't slide yourself on . It would be perfect except for that .
 I bought this because i was having hip issues on one side . I drive bus and bounce around a lot on the roads . This definitely helps ... really absorbs some of the shock and cushions me in just the right place .
 I find the product does what it is suppose to do . It helps me sit in a chair withoutmy back hurting .
 I 'd been looking for a way to relieve the sharp pains in my tailbone that started early in my pregnancy . This cushion was recommended to me by a friend , and I have to say it 's been amazing . I began using it just at the office , and I quickly decided to take it with me in the car , and I even use it on the couch at home ! My pregnancy chiropractor also recommended that I always sit with my knees below my hips , so that the pelvis begins to open up and allow my hips to shift . The wedge shape of this pillow is an excellent way to make this happen . I would highly recommend this to other women having tailbone or hip pain during pregnancy .
 I do n't have much fat on my butt and I sit in a cr@p office chair so this product is fantastic . Great price too .
 I love it ! It 's on my rocking chair in front of my computer , which is also my TV set . I take it when I go out somewhere to sit , for example , on a metal folding chair . The handle makes it look like a brief case or something - not a cushion . But cushion it is , and it 's very comfortable .
 I sit in front of a computer hours on end and have tried may different cushions ; this one works best for me . I like it so much I bought one for the car too . I would give them 5 Stars if they were n't so expensive .
 I 'm unfortunate enough to be in my late 20 's , but still suffer from hip bursitis and hemorrhoids . I bought this last year for my office chair , and it helped immensely for both . When I started spending more time at my home office , I quickly started to have both conditions worsen ... I quickly bought another one of these , and `` Wallah ! '' ... both conditions started improving within the first few days , and I was n't in constant pain while working . I highly suggest this cushion for either condition !
 This product , recommended by my acupuncturist , has enabled me to sit for long periods without lower back pain . My husband now owns one , too . I use it while sitting on office chair , couch , car seat . I wish I had known about it sooner .
 Mathis helps a lot for the hard chairs try to take it with me as much as possible even on wooden bleachers its great
 I have found the Tush Cush to be very effective for improving buttocks and back pain during long car trips . It does n't feel soft and cushy when you first sit on it , but the forward tilt of the pelvis really takes pressure off the buttocks and lower back . I 'm no longer in pain when I reach my destination .
 I bought this for my husband to use in his airplane , as he is a cropdusting pilot and sits long hours . While he has n't gotten to try it in the plane yet , he did take it with him on his 2 day drive to Montana and said it relieved his usual hip pain .
 I am using this a the driver 's seat cushion . It changes the slope of the seat in a way that improves my posture . I am surprised that it works so well .
 I spend way too much time sitting at the computer and driving -LRB- 3500 or more miles per month -RRB- Most of the chairs I use are very comfortable , however , the boss bought a used delivery truck with one of the thinnest , most uncomfortable seats I 've sat in . The Tush Cush has the ride bearable .
 I had fallen off my mountain bike and hurt my tailbone . Since I avoided the doctor for 6 months , my tailbone really hurt when sitting for a long time . The doctor recommended I sit on this all the time for several months . No pain ! It looks large , but it fit in airplane and car seats . Several people in my life , who had no pain or sitting issues , tried it and thought they should be sitting on it too . It pitches your body slightly forward , so it 's usually comfortable . It makes it a little hard on your back on a long airplane ride , so I would recommend lying back on a book or scrunched up sweatshirt for some lumbar support .
 I 'm an old lady and spend a lot of my time on my computer . Could n't do it without the comfort of this seat cushion .
 I have purchased several of these cushions after back surgery . The 3 others are oval and seemed adequate until I purchased this one . It is much better for everyday use because it seems to be more supportive of my whole lower body . It also stays in place better as it does n't shift around on the chairs as much as the oval ones . I will definitely consider purchasing more of these cushions .
 This has been helping with my back pain . I have an SI joint problem . It seems to keep my hips in place when I sit .
 I suffered severe pain in lower back , buttuck area . Went to doctor and to Chiroprator with little relief . I felt if I could be held by my ankles upside down to stretch my back was what I needed . I read reviews on the Tush Cush and decided ` something else ' to try . From my very first seating on the cushion , I could tell immediately that something was different . The best relief I 've experienced in a long time . I pack it now from seat to seat and to the car until I can get another .
 Thank you for such a wonderful product , I have a herniated disc in my lower back and sitting all day at the office used to leave me with terrible back pain and stiffness . since I received this product as a birthday gift from a close friend , the pain has gone away ! Highly recommend .
 I owned one of these pillows for many years . Last summer I left it at a baseball park . I tried other pillows and none of them worked . I bought a new one . It is perfect , just like the one I lost . I love it -- the best ever .
 After some thorough research , I bought this cushion . Its really firm-firmer than the others . It wasnt cheap but its definitely worth it .
 Tush Cush is very comfortable . But it does retain body heat , and if you 're prone to yeast infections , you 'll have to be careful .
 After losing weight I do n't have as much meat on my backside as I once did . Sitting in one position for too long hurts my tailbone . This pillow really helps . I would buy one again .
 I ordered this for my husband because his lower back has been bothering him . He took it to work and put it in his desk chair.His lower back is feeling much better , we think the cushion is a big help because of the design .
 Just what we needed for those long rides in our motorhome . Just in the last 3 weeks our cushions have kept our rear ends comfortable from Idaho to Florida and were still going
 Sitting for over 3 hours in the car or plane became very , very uncomfortable . I have no health issues that would cause this , but simply wanted a more comfortable ride . This works like a charm . I am only 5 ' 4 '' and it elevates me a noticable amount ; so if you are tall , beware of this issue . It slides into the outer section of my large suitcase , so I just pull it out when checking my luggage and slide it back in at my destination . Otherwise , I just keep it in the car . It does not cause any problems getting in or out of the car .
 My dad is elderly and sits a lot . He loves his Tush Cush Cushion and says it is just what he needed for the long days of sitting . His back and his bottom are happier because of the addition to his recliner .
 The Tush Cush is the best investment we ever made for a comfortable travel pillow to sit on for long periods of time . It relieves the pressure from sitting on one 's tailbone .
 My wife is short , and generally uses a seat booster to see over the dash and front end of her SUV . The old seat booster she was using was falling apart , so we purchased the Tush Cush . After the first day of using it , she proclaimed her love for it , and admittedly , when I used it , I really liked it as well . I 'd happily purchase again -LRB- and am in fact looking to get one for myself - on my Wish List -RRB- .
 I thought the wedge shape might not be great , but it works and the opening is in the right place to prevent pain on my tailbone .
 This is a great support pillow for my tail bone . I want to order to order multiples for different chairs in my house ! A sound investment if you have tail bone issues .
 I was worried that the cushion might have a strong smell or odor because often foam does . However , there was no overpoweringly strong smell . There is a smell , but it 's tolerable.The cutout on the backside is really large . I would actually prefer a cushion with no cutout , or maybe a cutout in the middle to help with air circulation . As it is , my tailbone area is rather cold now , for no good reason . I did n't need the tailbone cutout - I got this pillow for the wedge shape since I have hip problems and my chair did n't have enough cushioning . Maybe Tush Cush could make a pillow with a smaller longer narrower cutout for women , or maybe one with no cutout at all.The pillow is pretty firm , although it collapses more around the cutout , as would be expected near an edge . I only weigh around 110 lb though , so if you weigh a lot more you might want the extra firm cushion . Also - my hips are n't huge -LRB- ~ 36 '' around -RRB- and this pillow is just the right size . If you have large hips and want the pillow to not disappear under you when you sit down , you might want a larger size pillow .
 I originally bought the Coccyx Cushion because the price was much cheaper than the Tush Cush ; however , I had to return the Coccyx Cushion because it had a horrible smell.There is no doubt that the Tush Cush is a good product and does its job to alleviate my tailbone pain ; however , I feel like I am being ripped off by having to pay $ 50 for a piece of foam .
 Works well . Very sturdy . Holds up well . No sagging . Gives very good support . Much better than cheaper brands . Both my wife and I use it .
 Keeps my bottom happy at the library where there are only unpadded wooden chairs . Allows me to sit comfortably for much , much longer and be more productive . Highly recommend this one .
 Helps lower back discomfort , but a bit bulky to carry round . The narrower cushion might be easier to carry around .
 Purchased this product for a long car ride . It definitely helped ! Doesnt fit too good on the kitchen chair though .
 I thought this product would help my back when driving , I have had a spinal fusion with rods . It is a well made product . Great item . Some reviews suggested to purchase the larger size , but I am small in width and have bucket seats so I purchased the smaller size . Wish I had purchased the larger size . The problem is the cushion made me taller in the car and made it hard for me to reach gas and brake pedal and just felt akward when driving . Still in car and may try again . As several mentioned it slides around , but I plan to put velcro pads that have sticky tape for applying .
 I love these bars and they really can keep the hunger at bay before going to the gym and they never upset my stomach when working out.Okay , look corn syrup is in pecan pie . It is not like they are putting mercury in them.Not sure that I would give to my kids . Why not ? Gives you more energy than a snickers bar !
 I was looking for a snack that I could eat between meals , that would offer some basic nutritional value , that did n't taste like sawdust , that was portable , and that would n't break the bank . Tiger 's Milk bars more than fit the bill - they taste WAY better than sawdust ! I 've shared them with friends in my evening classes , and they have gone on to purchase their own !
 I ordered this for a christmas present.The bars did n't taste bad and you get alot of them.I think people should try these out.Its a very good deal .
 Our boy is 13 and loves them . Enough that we can pass them off in place of a candy bar treat !
 this is a food product that is perfect for that time when youjust do n't have time for a full breakfast . Great for afternoon snack.rather than pull out a candy bar , etc. this is perfect . Differentthan other bars it actually is yummy . I love the plain/protien and pnutbutter
 Not like the old gritty Tiger 's Milk bars . These are creamy , chocolate treats . Helps dry skin and scalp without the fat and calories .
 I have eaten these bars for years as in between snacks . A must have in my pantry . Good cold too .
 I needed something for work that was high in protein so my blood sugar would n't drop before lunch . I tried a lot of protein/energy bars in the stores . They either tasted bad , gave me gastric upset or contained chocolate -LRB- which I am allergic to -RRB- . Then I remembered Tiger 's Milk bars from my childhood that GNC General Nutrition Center used to sell . They are coated in carob and filled with peanut butter -LRB- my favorite -RRB- . I found some at a local nutrition store . They do n't taste like a candy bar , but compared to other energy bars they taste great !!! I love the peanut butter crunch the best . They keep me satisfied until lunch and the added vitamins give me an added energy boost . Also they are not full of fillers that can give you gastric upset . I love them and I hope they keep making them forever and ever .
 I remember these nutrition bars from when I was a kid and was thrilled to find out that they are still around ! I 'm not particularly a health nut , but I am concerned about the types of snacks that I feed my kids . These bars are a healthy alternative to much of the kids snacks out there which tend to be high in sugar and low in nutrition . My kids love them -LRB- think they are a candy bar -RRB- , and I get to feel good about what they are snacking on . It 's a win-win situation !
 Arrived in reasonable timing and was the exact product I was hoping for . My kids and I love these bars . .
 I will make this a standing order ! My kids love these bars and I love them because they make a quick , easy breakfast . In most retail stores they are $ 1.00 each so this price is great as well .
 i sent a box to my dad , who started me on these over 30 years ago . he still loves them them after all these years .
 An energy/protein bar that DOES N'T CHANGE ITS RECIPE !!!!!!!!! I 've loved these for years and this vendor ships FAST !!! If you 're tired of finding an energy bar you like only to have them change it in some way , this is the bar for you ! Try it ! You 'll like it !
 Great protein bar . I eat it for breakfast every morning . The peanut butter crunch is the best tasting .
 Absolutely delish . Fresh , too ! Love 'em , love 'em , love 'em ! Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ... Jokes aside , it 's sometimes difficult to get this item while still fresh . So I gave it a 5-star rating because the bars tasted as if they 'd just been made .
 These bars have been a favorite of mine for years.I personally like them best when chilled , but room temp . is just as yummy . On the go ? Grab a Tiger 's Milk bar and you wo n't be sorry , it will keep away the hungry feeling until your home and away from a high caloric treat .
 I 've been using this product for about five years now and my husband has recently acquired a taste for them as well.It 's low in sugar , sodium , fat , and calories . This is a great item to reach for if you 're looking for something to munch on for a snack , dessert , or just for a treat . The flavor is really good too .
 The `` original protein bar '' . I started buying these when I was a teenager . I still like them , and they are less expensive than a lot of those sugary or crunchy protein bars that are on the market now . Some of the other bars are more like candy bars , and others taste so bad that I want something else afterwards just to get the taste out of my mouth . These are carob coated with a simple soft protein center . Good to stop the hunger on the run .
 I actually really like these . To me they are better than a candy bar , so its great not to sweet but not bland and dry like most protein bars .
 My parents used to pass these off as candy bars to me when I was a child in the 70s -LRB- with the carob coating and peanut butter filling , I did n't even know I was getting vitamins in every bite -RRB- and I 've yet to taste another protein bar that was quite as satisfying and yummy.Now that I 'm in my 30s and pregnant , I started craving Tiger 's Milk Bars and had a heck of a time finding them in local nutrition stores . I was thrilled to find them here -- especially with the great price and fast shipping . They taste as good as ever and I do n't have to feel guilty about eating them daily , with just five grams of fat per bar . -LRB- And as it turns out , this is what my mom craved when she was pregnant with me ! -RRB- I 've ordered these several times and will definitely keep doing so - especially now that my husband is hooked too !
 My uncle used to get me these all the time when I was a kid . At the time , I did n't care if they were healthy or not . Now that I 'm older , and trying to watch what I 'm eating , I was looking for a healthy snack . I recently `` rediscovered '' Tigers Milk again . These bars are great . They actually have a good taste to them , unlike some other bars that I tried . They 're also less epensive . The only downside is that they 're kind of small .
 Just what I ordered except the bars were smaller that the ones I bought in stores .
 This is the best tasting bar on the market . And with all the new information coming out about people over eating , this bar is also the ideal size . They have gained me as a life long customer .
 Terrific product , My son loves em ! This merchant shipped them quick , and in perfect condition . I 'd buy again from these guys !
 I 've been eating these bars since I was a child . My dad introduced them to me when I was about 7 . Then , they became hard to find . It 's very hard to find these . Then , I saw that I could get them by the case at Amazon . Now , I order them all of the time . They are addictive . If you like energy bars , you 'll love these .
 I buy these for my children who like to think of them like candy bars ! Very good tasting to them and very nutritious , too ! Lots of protein .
 Tiger 's Milk Bars bring back happy childhood memories . Instead of chocolate , they have carob . It 's a delicious mix of carob , peanut butter , etc. . Tiger 's Milk Bars are an all-natural boost . They 're richer than the average candy bar . They 're a great pick-me-up . And , of course , they 're sweet , nutritious and delicious ! Tastes good ... and good for you too !
 My husband is a semi driver which of course means long hours . You just ca n't pull over a big truck and grab a bite if your load needs to get delivered . So he lives on these bars along with a shake from Boost or Ensure . This is a must have for him always . We always buy them in the case when we can get our hands on them.Laura & John Stryker
 I enjoy working with the product and even use it myself at bedtime . It feels nice , not sticky or so oily you just want to run wash it off ! It smells wonderful and I get even more relaxed while giving a massage with the lavender scent . My clients have all had positive feedback to me in regards to how it feels and smells - I have even been asked for the name so they could order some of their own .
 I purchased this massage oil from Amazon . We have been greatly pleased by the Lavendar scent . The scent is not so overpowering you need to air out the house after using it , but does leave a nice lavender smell in the room . I am also very please that this massage oil easily washs off with soap and hot water , and does not leave an oily residue . I little goes a long way and a 16oz container will last for some time while still holding its scent . Another feature I appreciate is this product is shipped in a durable container . I have accidently knocked this container off the shelf , it has fallen from a height of about 5 feet and hit the tile floor without breaking , cracking or the cap coming off . I highly recommend this product to those individuals that enjoy Lavender scent .
 Our son is now 9 months old and we have used this changing pad since birth . We have been happy with it . We actually keep it tucked under the coffee table for when we change him in the living room . We havent had any problem with it leaking through . On those occasions when he has `` suprised '' us between diapers , the pad has wiped clean easily with a wipe.I had origionally bought it to keep in a diaper bag , but most come with their own pads anyway , so we never needed to . I think it would be a bit large for a diaper bag .
 This pad fits perfectly into my daughters diaper bag . So when we 're out and she needs her diaper to be changed , I just put this down ontop of the table to change her . Do n't listen to the bad reviews given about how it leaks through . If you know how to change a diaper , your baby ca n't leak through the pad , because there is always a diaper underneath her .
 The portable changing pad is wonderful , I would recommend it to all my friends . You can have it with you at all times whether your at a restaurant , movie theater or even a friends home . It 's so easy to use and store for that at home feel on the go .
 I did n't like the pad that came with my diaper bag , so I got this one instead and it is great ! While still able to fold up conveniently into the diaper bag , it is plenty big and provides a enough cushion for your little one , even on hard surfaces .
 Tough to compare all the options , with such a variety of price , fit and quality . After trying several from the most expensive to the cheapest , these seem a good combination of functionality and cost . Seller also delivers promptly , and exactly as ordered .
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I have tried multiple different things with my fiance and WET is the only one so far we have used that has n't caused any irritation or dryness . I fully recommend this product , the taste me be a little strong if you use to much though , that is just a heads up . And my fiance loves the warming sensation it gives .
 Flat floss gets around the tooth surface and into the gum pockets . The natural spearmint is lovely . A great floss that encourages you to keep up with the habit .
 I 've tried just about every floss on the market . This floss is unique because it has a `` tooth '' to the flat floss , which creates more friction against the tooth surfaces . It is hard to find in stores , however . I would resort to almost anything to get it because I ca n't go back to regular floss .
 Tom 's of Maine Dental Floss is the best constructed dental floss on the planet ; durable stranding , natural spearmint flavor , and small , reliable superior , plastic dispenser to use , great for travel and for storage in a medicine cabinet . A bit pricey but worth it .
 This excellent flat floss seemed to have been dropped by other sources -LRB- health food stores ; drugstore.com -RRB- so I was delighted to find it available on Amazon through Vitacost , a vitamin supplier I had not been aware of . Item was readily available and received quickly .
 Tom 's flat floss -LRB- a.k.a. , dental tape -RRB- is absolutely the best floss I 've ever used , much superior to Reach and other waxed dental tape . It remains wrapped around my fingers without slipping , it resists shredding on sharp teeth , and if it does get shredded , it resists breaking into two pieces . It also slides easily between tight teeth . Even the case is good , dispensing easily and cutting without problems . They really got this one right !
 My husband and I agree , it really is the best . We have tried different brands and swear by Tom 's of Maine . We use the toothpaste too !
 I have always used Glade floss in the past but after the company was sold to P&G it seemed as though the formula changed because it now breaks easily . In my search for another floss I have read other reviews about Tom 's floss and the only negative comments I found had to do with the floss being `` thick '' and difficult to use for people whose teeth are close together with little space between the teeth . I have that problem but thought I 'd try the floss because it is sold in our local health food store . I think the floss is great and would be a perfect choice for most people . It is quite `` thick '' though and I do have some trouble using it and it tends to shred a little in tight spaces but it does n't break and does a great job otherwise . It 's a perfect choice for most people but those with tight spacing should give it try with the knowledge that it might not work for you .
 This is one of the best floss in the market . i like it because it is not waxed and it is flat . Perfect for my dental implants .
 this is the best dental floss that is not carried in the stores any longer ! why ? I guess I 'm the only one buying it ! it is nice and thick and if you can find the spearment that makes it all the better for me.christmas is coming and I will be getting more if you have it !!
 Initially take three before meals , but within a week , one before meals keeps the blood sugar in checkMetaPhase brought my results from 200 + to less than 100 consistently
 This product was as described . It came a bit later than I had hoped , but it got here . Thanks for everything !
 After having my cat taking phenobarbital for year the homeopathic vet recommended this and help me clean my cat system from the narcotic it has been a year , the product is excellent but I did all under the supervision of the vet .
 I 'm a first time Mom and I was at first hesitant to purchase this thermometer but , I 'm glad I did . It truly works very well and is an excellant buy . Usually sells for $ 60.00 in any baby store . Also very easy to use .
 Great for babies ! After a bit of practice , it is very easy to insert it properly into the kids ' ears to get a proper reading . Major benefit is the speed . The old thermometers may be perceived as more accurate but I never had the heart to insert one into my babies ' rectums and they take forever when done orally or under the arm . This is definitely the way to go .
 We decided to buy this product despite being told that only rectal thermometer is accurate for infants . Nevertheless , knowing the usual high quality of Braun products , we gave it a try and are very happy about it!It 's one of the best investments we 've ever made . We loved the following features : - You do not disturb the baby and can measure the temperature even if the baby is asleep ; - The result is displayed in 2 seconds ; - Very ergonomic ; - With an easy used lens filter ejector , can be used for the whole family.The thermometer has a convenient feature of switching between Fahrenheit and Celsius temperature scales . Also , if you need more than 1 temperature measurement stored in the memory , you can consider Braun IRT 4520 - it saves 8 readings.Excellent gift , especially for baby shower !
 The ThermoScan is very accurate and easy to use . Now , I can take my twin babies temperatures in about two seconds without bothering them at all . I 've even taken their temperatures while they were asleep without waking them up . It 's a great product .
 It 's a good thermometer , my son -LRB- 3 and a half years old -RRB- has a problem
 We bought our unit at a local drugstore over two years ago , but will like to share our experience , which overall has been great . We do repeat readings just to be sure -LRB- ca n't wonder about your baby 's health -RRB- but if done properly , we have never had a difference of over 0.2 Celsius degrees . It is great to take our baby 's temperature in a blink while he is asleep . Thermal temperature reading is accurate , fast and reliable . The unit is well made , you can tell the quality , and Braun is renown as a reliable manufacturer .
 This is a easy and fast why of getting your child tempersure . I recommend it .
 i bought this in 2005 , and in 2009 it is still working strong . Bought it for my newborn , who is turning 5 this year . Does the job , has withstood cross-county moves and 2 kids .
 I have a 3.5 yr old and a 2 yr old , for the first 3 years I fought my children with the simple digital thermometers and trying to get under arm readings . -LRB- try doing this with an autistic 3 yr old -RRB- Finally I paid the $ 40 for this thermometer at Target and it has been a life saver ! It reads SO FAST , there is no struggling with toddlers to hold still . BUY this product , you will not regret it ! I ca n't believe I waited as long as I did to purchase one.I do n't know how others compare , though my mother purchased a cheapy dig . ear thermometer at the drugstore , and it just was n't as easy to use and fast as this one .
 Excellent shaving system . Replacement blades make the unit perform like new .
 This is the second time I 've ordered this replacement head for my Braun 8585 electric razor . I had used a rotary razor in the past but it irritated my skin pretty bad not to mention razor burn from time to time . This replacement head and foil makes the 8585 work like it was new giving me a close shave in a short period of time and it 's very easy to change the heads and foil . The company recomends changing them about evry 18 months and that seems to be about the time that the quality of my shave starts down-hill . Being disabled with little use of my hands this razor combination fits my needs better than anything else I 've tried . I 'll keep using them until the razor dies but even then I 'll replace it with another foil razor .
 Purchased a new Braun shaver cutter and foil for my shaverand received it in about 6 days . The package arrived as itwas ordered and fit perfectly . No problem any where and Iwas pleased completely with Amazon.Com . Thanks a lot.R.S.SweeneyHouston , TexasMarch 31,2009
 I buy one of these every two years to keep my razor feeling brand new . It really makes a difference .
 I replace my blades and foil every 13 months . In this case , Amazon.com had the best price . I 've had no problems .
 I really like my Braun Activator razor but was thinking about replacing it with a new one when the foil cracked after a year or so of daily use . While researching I decided to try replacing the foil and cutter block as a cheaper alternative . Other than the long delay from the time of my order to actual shipment the order process went smoothly . The replacement parts snapped right in and the razor is back to like-new performance . A bit expensive but worth it .
 The electric razor works like new , now that we have the replacement package for the correct model . We are very satisfied with the product .
 This was my first replacement for this razor that I was so impressed with when I first tried it almost 2 years ago . It was probably long overdue , but I finally ordered this replacement blades . It was like I just pulled it out of the box new again . Next time I wo n't wait so long to keep this thing tuned up . FYI - I do n't buy the cleaning solution for this . I bought a gallon of denatured alcohol for my local hardware store . When I need new solution , I clean out of reservoir real good and refill with the denatured alcohol . I then add a few drops of my favorite cologne . I change up the fragrance with every refill . Much cheaper and I get a nice variety of scents . Give it a try !
 This replacement cutter head and foil pack installs with absolutely no fuss in only a few seconds and the result is you 'll be shaving like your razor was brand new.I was able to get a good year out of my razor on the first set of foil/cutter head , and this is now my third replacement . I have a rather stiff , heavy beard and often shave twice a day , depending on whether or not I have something going on in the evening.This last fall I shaved my head bald and have used the Braun Actovator to keep my head shaved daily . This has caused quicker wear on the cutter head and foil and the last foil actually developed a small tear between a couple of the holes in about the 7th or 8th month of use . Once that happened it was impossible to use the razor without getting scratched and looking like I had been in a fight with a small housecat.Still , once the foil and cutter were replaced again , this is the closest shave I have ever had using a power shaver or razor . Only thing that comes closer is a real blade ... and I 've used several other reciprocating type razors and rotary shavers , too . I 'm very pleased with this product and dread the day that Braun discontinues this replacement set ... if they ever do .
 As mentioned , this replacement blade does not appear to have a lot of substance to it , but it does make a big difference after 24 months , and I probably should have got it after 18 months , as suggested.I would buy it again .
 After almost 2 years of not changing the blades -LRB- I know , especially since I need to shave everyday -RRB- , I ca n't believe how great the shaver is after replacing the blades .
 I had to replace the original foil and cutterblock on the Braun shaver I purchased 2 years ago . The shaver is now back up to performing as it did when it was new . So far , nothing but praise for the Braun products I have purchased .
 For an electric razor , this Braun product is pretty good . It cuts consistently , and can mow down longer whiskers with ease . Always replace the blade when the razor tells you to , because it does get dull . The new replacement blades always feel great compared to the old blade .
 After using my original Foil and Cutterblock since February 2005 until the foil worn to the point of a gap appearing , I finally ordered the replacement Combi-Pack . I have to admit that I was being too cheap and now my razor feels like new again .
 The Braun Shaver with this foil and cutter gives a close and comfortable shave . The one shortcoming is that the shaver signals for a replacement foil and cutter well before the 18 month lifespan of the cutter . Since my Braun continues to function well , I am leaving the current foil and cutter on the shaver until I have reason to replace them .
 This being in effect a `` spare part '' replacement , there are no surprises . The only gripe is about the price , which is exorbitant -LRB- cutter & foil over 10 % of the whole assembly ? -RRB- .
 My wife bought me the razor two years ago . I change the head about every 9-12 months . It 's the closest I can get to a regular razor -LRB- which usually cause me severe razor burn and pseudofolliculitis -RRB- .
 It was ok while I had the shaver . Started going through the foils too fast .
 The product was a genuine Braun replacement cutter blade , the quality is excellent , and I get my moneys worth out of it . Delivery was fast and easy to order , extremely satisfied .
 I purchased this Braun electric shaver part for 8585 series and it shaves very smooth and the part fit right in place perfectly.Received the part in less than a week .
 I have had this shaver for several years and it is simply the best shaver I have ever owned . The blade and foil need to be replaced about ever year and a half to keep it cutting like new . I always buy this from Amazon and am VERY happy with the price and very reasonable shipping charges . I hope they continue to be available for years to come !
 I 'm not sure what the negative buzz about this product is about - related to these replacement parts not working very well - they work great for me ! I ignored the negative reviews and went ahead and ordered this product.After replacing the foil and blades this weekend and shaving , my shave was MUCH MUCH closer and smoother than with my 2 year old blades and foil.Yes - this replacement foil is different from the original foil that comes with the Activator 8595 -LRB- or 8500 series , I guess -RRB- , but it still works great for me.I kept my old foil , just in case - I do n't think the foil needs replacing half as much as the blades do .
 Want to keep you electric shaver investment functioning like new ? These replacements are necessary and do work well . You do n't have to change the blades often -LRB- 18 months -RRB- unless you have very heavy facial hair and then I would recommend every 12 months . You 'll know when it takes longer to shave than usual ; having to over and over areas that used to come clean in one or two passes .
 I was surprised to receive the item on the 2nd day ... HOWEVER the incorrect item was received.My order specified Model 8595 ... NOT 7000 series . The response time to correct thiswas many many many days ... my e-mails were not answered ... but finally a customer serviceassociate corrected the mistake and sent the correct item and for me toto retain the 7000 item -LRB- I have no use for this , I would expect aaddressd envelop as waste shuld be the correct ... to waste is notgood customer service ... as a retired retail exec I would expectthe item to be returned via your expense ...
 my husband dropped the razor cutter block out a car window while cleaning it out while driving ... and they thought talking on cell phones was dangerous ... I 'm glad they make replacements for this razor . It still works great .
 Ordered the replacement part for my husband 's Braun shaver - package arrived intact , the parts fit and all is good !
 The Braun 8000 Activator Combi-Pack Foil and Cutterblock is the replacement needed when your shaver starts to dull . They say you should replace the foil & cutterblock every 18 months , but I find the need to replace it about once a year . I think it is well worth it to get a brand new shaver .
 So , I 've had this wonderful razor for about a year and a half it it was time to switch out the foil and cutterblock . When I first switched out to the replacement parts , I could immediately tell the difference , both good and bad . I could tell that the cutter block was really sharp and cut through my thick beard . The bad part was the fact that the foil kept grabbing my longer hairs and pulling them . Tip for everyone ! If you have this same problem , try turning the foil around . The part fits both frontways and backways . Ever since doing this , no problems !
 The current seller , Discount Jungle , is trying to charge $ 10.11 to ship this tiny item that weighs a pound or less ! This is a TOTAL RIP-OFF in my opinion ; one that boggles my mind ! They must hope their customers are too stupid to notice the artificially inflated S&H ; since they 're saving so much on the item 's retail price . Amazon needs to look into this matter and ditch them as a seller if they do n't correct this blatant , money-grubbing nonsense !!! EDIT -LRB- 06/02/06 -RRB-
 Made my old Brawn razor work like new . This is a little pricey , still worth the purchase . But it is cheaper than buying a new razor .
 The new design for this replacement blades is a bit different than the original but just as good in my opinion . I have not had any adverse effects since replacement . Actually , the last original blade replacement I was able to obtain broke after 6 months . I will continue ordering this each year .
 My activator is at least 5 years old . First time I had to replace the foil . This product matched perfectly and was easy to install . Now it 's like having a new razor all over again.My product arrived on time with no hassles .
 Works like an original electric blade/grill . Litte more to say . Opening the blister might be the hard part of changing your shaver 's blade and . or grill . No tools required for opening and removing your existing blad/grill set . Replace and your shaver shaves as it was the first day . Bye ,
 My razor is as good as new . I did n't realize how overdue I was for a new blade.Braun 8000 Activator Combi-Pack Foil and Cutterblock Replacement Parts for Braun 's Activator Razor Models 8595 and 8585
 Needed a replacement for my braun -LRB- Cutterblock and Foil -RRB- . The replacement was just as expected , now my shaver is like new !!
 I already reviewed this seller but I 'll do it again.Wrong item was sent but the seller went way beyond correcting the transaction.Excellent seller to deal with ... If you have a problem with the item I feel he will certainly make sure of your satisfaction.I would not hesitate in purchasing from this vendor again .
 THIS REPLACEMENT CUTTERBLOCK WORKS LIKE A NEW SHAVER . IT IS THE SECOND TIME I HAVE ORDERED IT AND WILL AGAIN .
 I shave once in 2 days on average and I have a medium amount of surface area to cover . I emptied and cleaned the razor on a regular basis . I replaced the blade after 18 months exactly and it made a little bit of a difference ... cuts a bit faster and quicker . I could 've easily used the razor for 6 months more without replacement , but it does cut a tad bit better now .
 It is always nice to get what you need at your front door !
 Replacement blades do n't really seem to help that much on other electric razors I have used . But , the Braun instructions say to replace the foil and cutter every 18 months . When I finally replaced mine -LRB- 22 months -RRB- it was amazing how much better the razor worked . It was really like getting a new razor . It runs much smoother and slip along my aging skin like silk again . If you have one of these Braun razors and find it is not a smooth and comfortable as it once was , the Foil and Cutter refill may do the trick for you .
 Well , I 've had the Braun 8595 for about 18 months now , so thought it was time to change the cutterblock and foil . Did n't think it was going to make a difference , but boy , it certainly did . Recommend it - even if you clean the thing every day , it makes a lot of difference to the cut .
 I was very pleased with the service I received . i had the item in less than a week , and it worked extremely well .
 Amazon.com has been a reliable and convenient choice for online purchases . I have not had a bad experience , including this recent purchase . Very easy !
 I ordered Braun 8000 series Shaver and Cutter Block and I recieved 3 -LRB- two too many Braun -RRB- and two Remington Cutter Blocks , i.e. 4 too manyI need to return the excess received . They are in their original sealed packageAlso , my Clean & Renew ; -LRB- tm -RRB- 8000 Series has gone bad and needs to be replaced . Can we work an exchange?Can you take care of this?George Reppasgsreppas@pacbell.net
 It works just like the original parts ... ha ha ha ! Just fine .
 This the best razor i have ever used , i received it as a gift from my daughter purchased from amazon about a year ago . I would recommend this razor to any man who want a close shave . Andthe replacement paart about once makes it like a new razor.Thanks amazon for good service on getting parts R.E.Wilcox
 The new heads make a big difference with the shaver . Amazon had the best prices on the replacement heads .
 I recieved the item I ordered in just a couple of days . I got the exact item I ordered , and I am well pleased with the product and the vendor .
 There 's not really much to say about this product . It 's the best electric razor I 've ever owned and so the replacement parts can be no worse . The best part about purchasing it here was that the price was $ 10 below any local stores and the shipping was fast .
 This is the replacement head for the Braun 8000 series . It is the real thing and costs less at Amazon than anywhere else I could find . Free shipping , too .
 My Braun electric shaver uses this cutter and foil . Its instructions suggest that they should be changed every 18 months . If you want to keep getting a reasonably quick , close shave , I 'd recommend doing it once a year . I 'm getting a MUCH better , MUCH faster shave with the new cutter and foil .
 I think I was slighly shy of the 18-month replacement cycle that Braun recommended , but my shaves were taking longer and by the time I was done , the shaver was uncomfortably warm to my skin . I suppose the dull blades were creating too much friction on the foil . Replaced the cutter and foil and I 'm back to new . I think I will replace this annually from here on out . For $ 30 or so per year , it is well worth it .
 Yes it is worth to change that cutterblock , maybe not a quickly as the shaver tells you but once you feel its just not the same as it was when new .
 This set fits my Braun electric razor . I am a loyal Braun brand products . This is my third one and each one made impressive improvements over the previous one .
 I had delayed getting a replacement for my cutter and foil for nearly a year after the recommended every twelve months . I had forgotten how much better the razor cut with the new edges . Definitely should have gotten them sooner . They are certainly worth the cost .
 the shaver is a great shaver but the blades dull very fast . the replacement parts make it work like new .
 This is not a bad product . The only concern I have with it is the cost . I wish it had been in the ten dollar range . I have no idea how long this new foil and cutter block will last . My original foil and cutter block lasted for over four years with an average use of three times a week . Too , Amazon has comparable online prices and ease of shipping and internet securty . To me , company reputation is extremely important .
 I am not sure what type of werewolf hairy faces that some of these reviewers have but I have used this replacement block and foil for a week now and have no complaints at all ! No , it is not the same replacement parts that I have recieved previously from Amazon for my Braun razor but these work much better than the ones I am replacing . Not to mention the alternative of buying a new Braun razor !! I dont have a very hairy face , but I do n't see where there would be a problem for those with more facial hair than I. Buy this with confidence ... and the satisfaction that you just saved an awful lot of money not having to replace your very expensive Braun !
 I have n't had an issues and this product does what I need it to do . I stil get a nice , safe shave and that is really all that is needed .
 All was fine with products I purchased . I just do n't understand why I was charged for shipping fees .
 I like it because it works just like new and one get a close shave without the irritation that comes with it ; however , i do have a problem when cleaning it manually since the cutterblock does not separate from the foil and so i have to try over and over again until they separate . but overall it is a great replacement .
 Shaver Blade KitProbably as good as or better than when new . Really fine .
 I think this cutter might be a new design because it made my 8585 much more quiet in addition to giving a better shave than the old worn cutter . It 's definitely worth getting a new one every 18 months or so like Braun recommends .
 replacing the foil and blade on my braun shaver , made it feels as good as new ; definitely the right move if you ` re nott getting the smooth shaver this razor is known for ,
 I am glad that Amazon offers convenient access to replacement parts for the Braun 8000-series electric razors . This razor is truly amazing and really does give an amazingly close shave , but once in awhile it is necessary to replace the cutterblock and cleaning solution , and it is great to know that I can order them on Amazon .
 The item was fine and as advertised ... Shipping in my option was very high . I could have paid more for the item elsewhere and less for the shipping and saved money .
 Works as expected ... Will replace in a year as is recommended in the book .
 Recieved the unit in a few days . Switched out the heads and foil cover in about 30 seconds and was back in business . Great shave!I would recommend this product for any one using Models 8595 and 8585 . And at half the cost from other sellers .
 I purchased this product for my husband a couple of Christmasses ago . So far I 've bought two foil refills for it . He loves the shaver , especially the setup where it cleans itself .
 Great Blades . They fit my Braun Activator 8595 perfectly . It cuts like new again . Bought from Essex Technology Group , shipped extremely quickly . Got them in about 2 days . Free shipping too !
 Seems whenever I need a replacement foil , it 's because the one I have has failed so I need a replacement fast . This purchase was no disappointment .
 This is one of the few places I can find replacement parts for shavers and is also the cheapest place .
 The replacement parts worked very well . The only thing I wish that was included was a new plastic cutter protector . The razor is now working just like new .
 My husband says the shaver is great and he has had no probelms as of this time .
 I found the installation really easy and the shaver is easy to use due to it 's self cleaning process . The cartridge 's utilized is functionally easy to change . The vendor that I purchased this from was great and the delivery system good . I will buy this again in the next 6 months or so .
 I think the replacement of the cutting blades is good , but a little pricey considering you already spent close to $ 200 on the shaver . Also you need to replace about every 4 months with normal use , I think they should last a little longer than that.The foil is good as well but I have dropped my shaver a few times and it has punctionered every time . This is frustrating at this price ... However , this is the best facial shaver on the market right now so I guess I am locked in . The power of planned obselesence ... oh well !
 The foil/cutterblock really makes a difference . I was getting some skin irritation and burns about a month before Braun 's recommended 18-month replacement period . After replacing , it worked just like new .
 When you need this replacement , it works just fine .
 One of the best products I have ever purchased . Have been using Braun electric razors for several years . Prices are very competative on Amazon.com . Less that what I would have paid locally if I could have found the Foil and Cutterblock for the Activator .
 OEM products at great prices . This helps defer the ongoing costs of keeping the shaver system up to date .
 I waited and waited for this to come back into stock at amazon but could wait no longer so I was forced to purchase it at a retail location at full price . I will buy it next year from amazon.I bought the 8595 last May from amazon and love it , with this replacement it is like having a whole new razor , I love it !
 The item was received in new condition , as advertised , and well within stated timeframes . I recommend this seller .
 This is an excellent replacement item . The seller also did a great job of getting it to me .
 Another reviewer is correct ! DiscountJungle wants to charge $ 10.11 to ship this item ! Ridiculous ! I can walk a couple blocks to Walgreens and buy it for the same price as the total + shipping from these folks . Forget it ! But I do like the razor system !!
 Has anyone tried using the 8000 series foil on one of the older 7526 series shavers ? Will it fit ?
 Pretty simple.I ordered parts for my razor . They came , I installed them.WHy did n't you ask for a review when I bought a book , through you , from an associated seller and never received it ? I asked about it and you emailed me telling me it was n't your problem , because someone else was selling the book . Never got the book or my money back.Bob Bisaillon
 Obviously it is always good to get original manuafacturers parts . But having had the shaver for two years , I had always been scared away by the $ 30 price tag I was seeing in stores for this item . Since Amazon was considerably less , I splurged . I was amazed how easy it was to swap out the parts . I changed the head and foil in literally less than 10 seconds . I have always been impressed with the Braun system , and I am now equally impressed with the replacement package .
 The factory replacement parts make this razor like new again . Pleased with what I got for the money spent .
 My only problem with this product is the price , which in my opinion si a little too high . I recently purchased a Braun 8995 shaver , so I ca n't tell you if the cutting block really lasts 18 months as they say . From my experience with other products , most likely not . I shall have to wait and see .
 I ca n't say enough about this cutter and foil . I 've used 5 different electric shavers and this is the only one that cuts really close . Of course it is not the same as a straight razor but this Braun combination is the best on the market .
 It 's like getting a new shaver again . Really worth buying . Tip
 It was exactly what I expected for the replacement for my Braun shaver . It has worked well and I will need to order another soon because it 's about that time .
 Product is identical to the original part.Works perfectly .
 Definitely replace these parts at least every 12 months . Feels like a new shaver after replacement .
 The replacement of your old -LRB- 18 months plus -RRB- foil and cutterblock is like getting a new shaver . I had let mine go longer than the 18 months , but can assure you next time I wo n't .
 I have had my Braun Activatio 8595 for approximately 3 years and have replaced the foil and cutterblock twice now . Each time it is like having a brand new razor .
 The Combi-pack foil and cutter block are replacement parts for Braun 's Activator Razor . The product is excellent .
 I ordered the foil and cutterblock replacement kit because after three or four years of use my foil developed a tear and I could n't find a replacement in any stores near me . I did n't really want the cutterblock but I was pleasently surprised at the difference it made . With the new cutterblock and new foil it 's like having a new razor again . True the kit is more expensive than I expected but not nearly as much as a new razor .
 I have had a Braun shaver for more than 10 years . This current model is my 3rd and I love it . The replacement foil and cutterblock keeps me looking good with a close shave for months into the future ! And the automatic cleaning keeps it sharp and lubricated for flawless operation ! The best part is there is no shaving cream or endless disposable razors and blades to put into the enviroment !
 Has made a 4 year old Braun 8585 Electric Razor perform as if I had just taken it out of the box - at 1/6th the price of a new one -
 Great price and fast delivery . This is the second of these replacements I have purchased , and I 'm back to being clean shaven again . It seems to be about an every 18 month or so ritual , but so pleasing once replaced .
 Excellent product ... turned a very dull razor into one that 's like new . Great service from Amazon , too !!
 It lasted almost 24 months on my shaver . Maybe those who say this foil is fragile are a bit rough on their shavers ? This is a precision instrument and it has to be handled appropriately.I am very satisfied with mine and believe this is the best shaving system in the world .
 This is my third replacement cutter/foil combo since I started using the Braun Shaver in Jan. of 2006 . I replaced the first set on schedule after 18 months of use but the second set only lasted 12 months when the foil wore through and began nicking my neck . I really ca n't blame the quality of the product as I shave every day and have a thick growth . A year of service is very good when you consider the amount of work it does .
 These are just the same as what came with your razor . You should n't have any issues whatsoever . Much cheaper to buy this once every 12-18 months than to keep buying POS-on-a-stick & cutting yourself . Either way shaves just as well ... that is to say , not quite as good as high quality shaving equipment which most ppl do n't even know exists : -RRB-
 It is always a pleasure to do business with Amazon.Thank You.R . B. Tilyou
 The manufacturer recommends replacing the foil screen and cutter block every 18 months for maximum performance . I wholeheartedly agree . This cutting system seems to last a little longer than older models but it certainly does n't last forever . While it might not be exactly at 18 months , you can readily tell that the blades are getting dull when it takes longer to shave and/or you begin experiencing skin irritation . The set is pretty expensive but Amazon.com seems to have a very competitive price -LRB- a lot cheaper than I 've seen in any brick & mortar store -RRB- . Having said that , it really is like getting a brand new razor each time you make the change so it 's very worthwhile doing it . Not sure if you can even buy them separately , but changing both parts at the same time ensures a closer shave with less skin irritation because they work together as an integrated system .
 What else can I tell you ? Remember how great a shave you got when you bought it ? Get a new foil + cutterblock and you can get it back ! The manufacturer says to replace them after 18 months but I found 12-14 months to be more accurate - and I do n't shave weekends either !!!
 Not matter how often you replace them -LRB- within reason -RRB- , it 's still cheaper than disposable razors .
 This is a nice product fits well with 8000 series shaver . Rates are cheaper then other market place .
 I 've had my Braun 8595 for over two years now . It 's worked very well without anything falling apart on me . I previously had gone through two Remingtons in less than one year . Braun recommends replacing the cutterblock every 18 months but I let it slide to 24 . I definitely have noticed a little improvement over shave time . Do n't feel that you need to replace the cutterblock in exactly 18 months ... if you 're not having any shaving irritation or note any significant delay in shaving time , delay your purchase .
 These are Braun 's own replacement parts for these shaver models and work very well , making the shaver feel like new when you use it , and lasting as long as the original parts .
 As per Braun 's recommendation , I waited 18 months before replacing the cutterblock and foil . Over time I must have forgotten how well and easily my 8585 worked when it was new . With the replacement parts in place my Braun has a brand new feel to it . I 'll probably try changing the parts again in 12-14 months . It 's well worth the price !
 Over the last 30 years I 've tried 4 or 5 electric shavers . I always had to trash it as it either irritated my skin or pulled the hairs out instead of cutting them out . The Braun 8595 is great ! It took several days to get used to , but it has performed like no other . I have used the ole blade once or twice simply because I was on the road and failed to pack my new shaver . I do n't forget it anymore . I especially like the cleaning each time I use it . Makes me feel that it maintains that sanitary condition .
 I used these replacements for my Braun 8595 and they work fine . There a number of negative reviews posted here saying that these replacements are not as good as the previous ones but I ca n't tell the difference ; they appear to be as good as they ever were .
 I purchased this replacement kit instead of purchasing a new razor . This will add several more years to the razor .
 Braun replacement part package arrived quickly ; The parts reconditioned the razor making it ` brand new ' again . Braun 8000 series razors are a great product .
 Works perfectly and is a better price on Amazon than in town . Win-win ! The Braun shaving system is matchless for perfect , nick-free shaving . I love that my man uses it ! New foils and cutters make the shaver perform like brand new and last about a year .
 Ah - smooth shaves again . Cutter blocks and foils last a long time on Braun shavers , and this replacement helps my shaver continue it 's great job .
 Great for mild incontinence sure beats walking around with a mattress between your legs in hot weather
 Thin , wide at top , narrow at bottom , fan shape , is perfect for men . For light to very light incontinence . Ca n't be beat . Just what I was looking for . Even supplied my urologist with samples to show his other patient 's who have ` light ' needs .
 After surgery and in response to some meds , my husband had some episodic `` leakage , '' and used these guards as necessary . He found them to be very effective re absorbency and comfort . The `` glue '' should cover a larger area . . The only problem was with them not sticking as well as they should have . These are not to be used instead of actual incontinence aids because of the limited amount of absorbency . . could be used in addition for increased protection .
 I purchased these Gaurds for Men for a friend who is having trouble controling his bladder . Based on what he has told me . He says that they work well for his needs and are very comfortable . I have joked with him that this is the first step toward him going back in diapers . I do hope not , since I am incontinent , and am diaper dependent . The shape of the gaurd fits well into his underpants and so far he has had no trouble with any sort of leak . I will buy these again for him when they are needed .
 ATTEND GUARDS ARE VERY COMFORTABLE AND RELIABLE.CONTAINS ODER WELL AND LARGE CAPACITY.I HAD PROSTATE REMOVED AND THIS HAS GIVEN MY LIVE BACK . MY SECOND CASE . HOPE TO NOT NEED THEM SOON BUT UNTIL THEN I AM A COSTUMER.BUY WITH CONFIDENCE .
 These are the best I can find since Amazon no longer distributes the conveen 4 oz pads -LRB- where you insert your entire junk into the pouch - but it worked -RRB- . These are more comfortable , absorb light drips , can sometimes get folded in on themselves depending how you sit/move around and how they were positioned - but the biggest issue is thye can leak . Reaason is look on the inside and there is a separation between the pad halves right down the middle starting at about the center . I thought it was a defective batch , but all the boxes had them . But , like I said , these are the best I have found far and for me are better than dual pills or a medtronic implant . Much better than explaining to your dry cleaner to treat extra the inside of your suit pants .
 After three prostate surgeries by 94-year-old father has some issues with `` leaking . '' We tried several different products and he likes the Depends Guards best of all . They fit more discreetly in his underwear that other products and do an excellent job . He -LRB- and we -RRB- highly recommend them .
 There are good tips and bad cheap ones that barely last a week . This is usually a result of the lighter weighted rubber that is used making cane tips and not intended for crutching . You need not worry about these . Excellent quality , lasting better than three months of DAILY use . I put tips through hell & these STOOD THE TEST !!!
 I originally bought this product directly from HerbalLoveShop and was pleased . Ordering through Amazon was just as easy and just as -LRB- or more , I do n't remember -RRB- inexpensive . An altogether satisfying experience .
 I hate to shave . I usually only shave twice a week because of the discomfort and extra time that came with using a razor and shaving cream . This Braun is the third electric razor I have bought and tried and the only one that I used for longer than a week . In short , this electric razor is great . I can shave in less than a minute and the quality of the shave is great and getting better as I get better at using the Braun and my face adjusts . I now shave everyday , weekends included . My son is just coming into the age where he is needing to shave more often . My problem is do I let him use my Braun 8585 or do I get him his own ?
 I have tried many razors and no manual razor is safe for me . No electrics have worked without problems . The norelco razors severly burn and even cut my skin . I can use other foil shavers such as remington but they take a long time and I ca n't skip one shave or I have to use a blade . The braun activator actually shaves closer than my razor blade and can handle a skipped shave or two . It also causes absolutely no rash on my neck . Nothing else is like this . I am truly amazed at this one . I am planning on buying at least one more in case something happens to the one I have and just in case they stop making them . Electric razor models always seem to come and go over time and nothing is better than this one . Listen to the warnings other people give on the other razors or you will waste money like I did . I do n't know why the funny shaped foil would make such a difference but it sure does .
 My first electric razor , 30 years ago , was a Norelco . It always left my neck red and irritated . So I used a blade all these years . However recently blades have been hard on my face as I 've gotten older . So I decided to give this razor a try after reading so many good reviews of it . I have to say I was a bit concerned that in the literature it says your face may have to `` Get used to the razor '' . Meaning a little discomfort at first . Well I remembered the discomfort of my Norelco and thought what could be worse than that . Anyway , I have had no discomfort at all using this razor . I ' v been using it since Christmas day 2004 . Every day . My face loves it and it 's every bit as close as any blade razor I 've used . And no facial discomfort of any kind . The cleaning base is great as it keeps the blades and foil nice and clean . It came with a brush and carrying case for when I travel and the cord can plug directly into the razor when on travel so the razor can be charged without the cleaning base.I completely recommend this razor.Update 12/8/05
 The self-cleaning feature is a bit of overkill but it works well . This unit is replacing an earlier Braun shaver that I have had for over eight years . Works even better . Charging/Cleaning station is a bit large and the blue `` charged '' light is very bright in the dark and has an annoying flicker once fully charged . Comes with a good travel case although it does not fit the cord which is needed to charge when on the road . Holds a pretty good charge , needed to charge it twice on a recent three week trip . Best electric shaver that I have used .
 I was more than pleased after receiving this product . I have never used a razor that worked as well as this one . It 's hard to believe just how well this product works , it 's absolutely incredible . I want to thank the person who wrote in his review about being able to use the razor without the docking station , it was realy important to me to be able to use and charge the razor with only the cord yet this was never mentioned in all the literature advertising the product from the company . After reading the customer review on Amazon.com I decided to buy . If I had n't found this out I may never have bought this product . By the way , the docking/cleaning station works great also .
 Last winter , I stumbled a Remington Titanium razor at a great price and decided to buy it -LRB- my Braun needed replaced -RRB- . What a mistake ! Sometimes you need to leave home to understand how good you really had it ... My wife realized my frustration with the Remington and bought me this Braun for Fathers Day . What a relief ! The Braun razors are just that good.I was a little skeptical on the whole cleaning/charging station . After a few months with it I have come to like it . I do like having a clean razor -LRB- mmmmm the smell of alcohol ! -RRB- for each shave - something I had never thought about before . As far as performance , it is up to Braun standards . It does occasionally miss a hair on my neck , but it 's much less common an occurance than what I went through with the Remington.If you are looking for an electric , you ca n't go wrong with this one . I 've been using Braun razors for 15 years now and have yet to be disappointed .
 This was my first foil razor in years , I basically decided to get it based on the strength of the reviews here , as my old Norelco rotary shaver was giving up the ghost.I did n't like my first foil shaver -LRB- a Remington -RRB- because the foil design made it hard to get all the hairs shaved , especially if I went for a couple days without shaving . All the extra passes it took trying to get everything into the foil holes would also cause irritation.This shaver , however , has a more complicated foil design . Rather than being a simple mesh of circular holes , this foil has holes and slots in a pattern that basically gives a lot more ways for a hair to enter the foil and get cut . I still would n't say it 's `` as close as a blade '' but in my experience , no electric is . However , it 's certainly as close as my Norelco was , just as fast , just as easy and the cleaning/charging system is nice.I also appreciate that the razor can be plugged in and recharged directly so if I take a trip , I do n't have to take the base and cleaning stuff with me , just the razor and the cord.It came down to this or getting a new Norelco Advantage , which I also liked . In terms of comfort , the Norelco Advantage has a bit of an edge because I did like the integrated gel dispenser , in terms of a close , quick shave I 'd say they 're about even but the Braun self-cleaning system is quite nice , using a lightly scented alcohol solution to give the razor a good cleaning between uses.I 'm happy with my purchase.Edit :2 year update -- I still use it and like it . No problems either with the shaver or the cleaner . I 've replaced the head and the blades once -LRB- seemed like the thing to do , not because they were broken or anything -RRB- and still use it daily .
 I 've been using electric razors for 30 years and Brauns for about 15 . This one is a real leap above the last one I bought in terms of ease of shaving and closeness . I think the new foil design really makes the difference . The price is steep , but you should only need to buy one every 5-10 years .
 I 'm 63 , so you can bet I 've tried many electric razors over the years . The razor is comfortable to use and gives me a very close shave . Certainly the closest I 've ever had with any electric razor . Clean-up is neat . Plop the razor in its holder and a micro-processor determines the level of cleaning . It whirs and buzzes a few times then dries itself . The cleaning solution is in its own plastic , throw-away container . No mess at all . I would hate to go back to cleaning as usual.I have no reservations recommending this product .
 I bought a Braun Activator shaver because I was tired of nicks , cuts , and irritated skin . I had tried electric razors in the past but they never did a good job shaving -LRB- especially my neck -RRB- and were always a pain to keep clean . The Mach3 tripple blade razors did a great job giving me a close shave , but sometimes TOO close . So on a whim I decided to try this shaver . I figured it might be a $ 100 gamble.The results were pleasing . To be sure , it does n't shave as closely as the Mach3 blade did . But it did shave close enough to last through the day . I was also pleasantly surprised that it was able to cut my difficult neck whiskers , something that all my previous electrics failed to do.I typically run the cleaning step every other day , shaking out the shavings on the off days . This helps the cleaning fluid last a wee bit longer . The cleaning fluid also leaves a slightly lubricating film on the shaver which helps it glide smoothly across the skin.One warning about the self cleaning part
 The last time I used an electric razor was 20 years ago . It was a Philishave Triple Head and it left ingrown whiskers , burned my face and the batteries just did n't last . I was getting tired of paying the high price for Mach 3 blades and yes I fell for the Fusion which worked beautifully but the blades require a finance plan.I decided to try an electric again . After reading all the ratings I decided to go for the Braun . When you first open up the package you can tell you are working with a company that takes it 's product seriously.All the parts are well made and the shaver is a work of art.As well the shave is very close and very quick . I am converted.No more shaving cream and I think I will by another cheaper Braun for travelling as I do n't want to damage this jewel .
 I gave up on electric shavers years ago . Then , after reading a review of the Braun Activator , I decided to chance it . WOW ! Glad I did . I had it 2 weeks when it began to buzz loudly . I emailed Amazon yesterday , they emailed me today that I would have a brand new replacement shaver delivered tomorrow ! That is incredible service !!! The only reason I did not give the razor a 5 Star rating is because I have had to have it replaced . But performance alone , for me , definitely a 5 Star . Also , the cleaning system means every morning I shave with a brand new razor as it cleans it meticulously well . I LOVE this razor . Braun just better not stop making it .
 I 've been using a rotary electric shaver since I started shaving half a life-time ago . I always hated shaving , which I why I sometimes skip a day or two . But with a day or two of extra growth , it was always painful to shave.A few years back I tried a screen shaver -LRB- do n't remember the brand -RRB- , and found that it missed a bunch of hairs , so I stuck with a rotary.But now that I 've tried the Braun 8585 , I have to say that I love it . Not only does it not hurt to shave after skipping a couple of days , it actually gives my skin a nice tingly feeling . And now I shave more often , just because it 's such a pleasure now . Plus , it gives a closer shave than the rotary , and in half the time , and it misses no hairs.The self-cleaning feature is a nice bonus.The only drawback I can think of is that its lights are bright -- I have a clear view from the bed into the bathroom , and at night the lights on the shaver are too bright . The solution is simple , though -- I keep it facing toward the wall.I highly recommend this one .
 I 've used a Braun since I was in the service in Germany 35 years ago . I received the new Braun 8585 for Christmas and this one is by far the best one I have used . Faster shaving and quick clean-up .
 I bought this shaver based on the many positive reviews on amazon . My Trusty old Norelco was just not cutting it anymore . Yes , pun intended . While it was a good shaver , I still had a problem with shaving rash every morning.The Braun turned out to be better than I expected . I get a good shave , though I still have to work it under the chin to get all the hairs that do n't grow straight out . I think everyone has that problem , and even a blade can be cumbersome there . All in all it 's a great shave from a foil shaver , and at least in my case NO rash anymore . I love it ! I also really like the self clean feature . I do not have a heavy beard , so I clean it every other day . It 's nice to have a perfectly clean , fresh smelling shaver each time . The cleaning tank seems to last a reasonable amount of time and I have no complaints . The noise it makes while cleaning does not bother me at all . Do some people keep these next to the bed ??? The cost of refills is not bad at all considering you do n't have to spend time poking and brushing out your shaver every morning . A small price for convenience . I am glad I bought this .
 This is a great shaver . It gives a great close shave . It 's the tool to use if your like me and suffer from razor bumps . I used to use a mach 3 turbo which gave me a pretty close shave and the bumps to match . They were completely gone after about 2 weeks of using the braun 8585 . My only regret is waiting so long to by one .
 I shaved with blades for as long as I can remember . I always had to go at least 3-4 days in between shaving if I could to avoid getting torn to shreds on my neck . I bought this razor 3 weeks ago , and have had the best shaves of my life each time I use it -LRB- every other day -RRB- . It is perfect ! Using Lectric Shave makes it even better . And I 'll spend less on this unit and any replacement cleaners than I would replacement blades in a year . Get this !
 Got this for my husband , a no-nonsense kinda guy , who really likes that clean fresh shave from using the self-cleaning unit . It also shaves a lot quicker than his old Braun 5000 series shaver , so he shaves almost everyday now ! If I 'd only known sooner what to do to get him to shave more often ...
 My husband is very pleased with his `` self-cleaning '' razor , although he did n't like the idea of having to keep purchasing the cleaning solution packs . It 's an excellant appliance .
 I purchased this for my husband . He hates to shave everyday and now he can without the razor burn . It is even as close a shave as if he used a razor ! I saw it on the Consumers Number One pick for foil shavers and I am glad I went with their reccomendation !
 This shaver works great at getting those hairs that lie flat on my neck . No other shaver has done that . You also do n't need to use the cleaning thing which always runs out of fluid . Just another scam to get to to keep their cash flow coming in . You can plug the cord directly into the shaver .
 Very powerful . Cutting head tilts to fit your face.Every time I use it the automatic cleaner gives me a completely clean razor -- just like new .
 Simply put , it is the best electric shaver I have owned or ever used , in my life . It will shave you almost as close as a blade razor , without missing spots , and when done , it will clean itself . Whats not to love ? Very fine product .
 I just bought it and the first few shaes I have taken were amazing , so close I 'd never use a blade again because of the convenience , closeness , and self cleaning.It 's very close and for the amount of time you shave , unless you are a mutant lumberjack and grow hair at a fantastically fast rate , who cares how loud it is -LRB- not very compared to others -RRB- , it if gets the job done ... and it does.I 've heard people complain it does n't sit well in the station because they are right handed ... well I am too , and I manage well enough to pick it up with my left hand too.my only complaint which ca n't really be helped is that in a month or so I will have to buy a new cleaning solution cartridge but it 's still cheaper than razors , and cream and other things you use with a blade , and it ca n't really be avoided for the great feature it is . -LRB- the cleaning solution I mean -RRB-
 I am really satisfied with this shaver ... i bought the more pricey model a few months ago ... i think it is the Braun 8595 ... no reason to spend the extra money ... i bought the 8585 for my weekend home and it does exactly the same job ... the 8995 have an lcd display that tell you when to clean but i ignore it anyways ... both leave a little hair on the neck but i simply follow with a few strokes of a dry razor after shaving with the braun and all is good ... it is a much faster and cleam way to shave ... no hair on the countertop ... no running out of shaving cream and razors ... less irritation ... cordless ... simply replace the cartridge every few months and you are good to go ... i do not clean every time i use it ... a little noisy , so i clean in the morning ... the cleaning cycle takes about 30 minutes ... buy it ... you wo n't regret it
 I 'll try not to be redundant , as most of all the glowing feedback on display I agree with 100 % . I 'll add that I have the enviable honor of having sensitive skin , along with bullet proof stubble . It 's always been difficult to shave every day because of my beard being pretty thick . Since a close shave irritated my skin with most razers , I would have to wait 2 - 3 days for a close and comfortable shave . More than likely it 's the newfangled foil , but I can shave every day now if I choose and not have irritated skin , and/or a 12 o'clock shadow . The cleaning system is also handy for those of you lazy like me
 I got this shaver as a gift . It is the first electric shaver that I have used . The first few times that I used it , I felt the shave was not very close . But after a week , it is great . It seems to shave closer than with a razor . Also no cuts . The cleaner also works great , it needs cleaning only after 3 or 4 uses . The only problem I have is the noise . But maybe all electric shavers are a little noisy .
 first off i use this machine to shave my head . i used a cheap electric shaver before and after 3 weeks my head looked like edward james olmos ' face ! needless to say , i needed a more expensive type . this machine is great . it cleans itself , the fluid is not expensive , and my head up until right now is shiny . it wont get every speck of hair like a disposable . but its much closer than the barber clippers , and if you use some sort of after shave and/or pre-shave -LRB- electric -RRB- lotion/solution , you wont be disappointed . all in all , spend the darn money and get a good ... no , great electric shaver like this one .
 Recently I was talking with a friend who has the Braun Syncro 7526 . He seemed very satisfied with it and it sparked my interest in buying one . I have always been a razor man , except for a short stint with a Phillips 3 blade rotary that I paid way too much for . I used the Phillips maybe 5 or 6 times and it has been collecting dust for the last 5 years . I accepted the fact that my facial hair was either just not thick enough or grew to flat to my face for an electric shaver . I read all the reviews on Amazon prior to buying the Activator and took the plunge . I opted for the one without the lcd screen as suggested . Wow !! This thing works , I mean if you spend the time and use it properly it really works well . Like some others have said , an electric shaver will never be as perfect as a razor and cream but I 'll tell you first hand that I am very impressed . After shaving there 's a spot just above my adam 's apple that feels like it would about 5 hour 's after shaving with a razor but that 's about it . The self cleaning system works very well . I do n't use it every time because I do n't think it is nessesary but to each their own . The fluid it uses is basically the same stuff the barber uses to sanitize his scissors and blades . Hope it works for you as well as it does for me .
 I bought this shaver over a year ago from Amazon . It was the most expensive shaver I 've ever purchased so I was a little worried about whether or not it would be a good buy . I was immediately happy with the shaver . It takes a few days for your face to get used to any new shaver , and this was no different . After the initial `` getting to know you '' phase , I had great shaves every morning . This has been hard for me in the past because I have thick facial hair and electric shavers tend to have a problem with that . Not this one . Every morning when I pick it up to use it , I feel like I 'm using a new shaver . It smells great and cuts great every single time . I wanted to wait a year before I reviewed the product because I wanted to make sure I was still loving it , and I am . The only downside is that you have to buy those replacement cleaning cartridges . I have gone through probably 5 or 6 refills this last year . I use the cleaning feature every morning , and when I leave town for a week I do n't cover the cartridge back up -LRB- which I read that you can do -RRB- . I figured it was n't worth the hassle . I am just today purchasing my first foil/blade refill and that is around $ 30 , and I would guess I 've spent about $ 25 on cleaning refills . So , in a year , I 've spent about $ 55 on maintenance of the thing . I feel like this is worth it considering the quality of the shave and the durability of the product . If you 've used electric shavers as long as I have you know that after about a year the battery wears down , there are parts of the shaver that you ca n't get clean , and the cutting power is decreased . I have not noticed any of those issues after year one with this shaver . I strongly recommend it !
 This is my second Activator shaving system ; I had one of the original models and it did n't survive a 1,000 mile move , so I purchased this one last year . I 've tried many high end electric shavers over the years , and I 've found that none of them work nearly as well as Braun shavers , and this one is no exception . The self cleaning system is really nice , and it does do a good job of cleaning the razor provided you use it daily . A refill lasts about a month for me , with daily use . You can buy 12-packs of the refills here on Amazon , so I only worry about it once a year . I find that I have to replace the foil and blade yearly as well ... so in January I buy it all in one shot and forget about it until next year . I 've been looking for an excuse to upgrade to one of the new models , but the thing works so well and has n't had any issues , so I really ca n't find one !
 Bought this four years ago , and used it every day . Working great . Had no problem at all !
 i bought this for my son and he loves it thanks it was every thing he wanted
 My spouse has had a braun in the past and had looked for a replacement when his finally did n't work anymore . He was trying to find a self cleaning one and was unsuccesful . I went on-line and found what he wanted and he was very happy
 I got this for my husband for Christmas and he loves it . It does n't pull the hairs and can be used when ever where ever . The self cleaning is great . I have n't heard any complaints .
 Had one before which I dropped on a tile floor and could not repair . This was a newer replacement and it works great .
 I 've had my Braun 8585 for just under 2 years now and I continue to swear by it . This spontaneous purchase raised the bar for what I expect from my morning shave . The unique shape of the foil and the cleaning system were the main draws for me while I was comparison shopping . I decided to spend the extra money and I have no regrets.I find the cleaning solution -LRB- which has a light lemon scent -RRB- needs to be changed about once a month , and 3 packs cost somewhere between $ 15 - 20 . The cleaning process is a breeze and takes about 15 - 20 minutes . I just pop it in the stand , push the button , and walk away . The stand lets you know when your razor needs a cleaning or a new container of solution.I recently ordered a new set of foils & blades , -LRB- after about 19-20 months -RRB- and while the shave is obviously not nearly as close as it was the day I got it , the shave with dull blades/foils is still better than what I was getting with my past razors . My neck is prone to irritation and nicks , and my stubble is thick , so this has been a huge improvement across the board . If I get a new razor at any point in the next 1-3 years , it will definitely be the Pulsonic or another Braun razor that builds upon the strengths of this model .
 This is the best shaver I 've ever used , having gone through several Remington and Norelco models . I know Braun makes more expensive units , but I 'm not sure how they could be any better than this one . Clean cut , great feel , nifty cleaner/charging base . Great product !
 This Razor is great and I do n't even use the cleaning system -LRB- I bought it on Amazon without it -RRB- . It has never given me any problems and still works like new . I think I still have 8 years left of use for this thing .
 Of all the electric shaver I have used over the last 20 years or so this is by far the best one . The way the head pivots gets all of the hair usually on the first pass , hard to reach spots on the second . No annoying stubble bits that have been shaved falling out of the head or left on your face . The cleaning system is amazing and works like a champ . Do the math , look at all the razors you would buy if you wanted a great close shave , add up the cost and then you will see that this thing is a steal . Without a doubt the best !
 I 've been using top-of-the-line Remington MS5700 Titanium self cleaning razor , but its motor is very loud . I complained , they sent me a new one which is also very loud -- too loud for me!I then bought this Braun 8585 to try . Braun is superior to Remington in all respects except the important one , `` close shave '' -- Remington has much larger cutting blades so it shaves closer and faster , no matter what Braun claims.But the Remington is way too loud , it 's rather heavy , and its pop-up trimmer does n't cut well . Its self-cleaning base is n't as well designed as Braun 's . It 's rather messy pouring the bottle of alcohol into an opening in the Remington base , plus replacing a separate filter element . The cleaning does n't clean either of Remington 's `` pop-up '' cutters well.Braun 's self-cleaning cartridge changeout is very simple , a very good design . So I can live with Braun , I 'll simply take a little longer to shave . Braun 's motor is very quite and the razor is easy to hold , and manipulate.I might vote for Remington if it were n't so damn noisy ! I tried two of them , I ca n't believe Remington would produce such a product .
 This is my first ever electric shaving system , and i am totally hooked to it . I have been using it for just over a couple of weeks and trust me , this thing is as good as your gillette minus the nicks and cuts and dry skin.Couple of things though . It takes atleast 5 or 6 shaves before the hair , kind of , gets used to the shaver . The first time I shaved , I thought that I 'd wasted money on it . Not true , this is the best . Another thing about the noise that it makes when cleaning , and people seem to complain about it . It is not too much , completely bearable . Buy it , you wont regret it .
 Used a blade all my life , so I thought I would try an electric shaver in hopes of saving time in the mornings . Looked at the top of the line Panasonic , Norelco , and Braun . After much deliberating and review reading , I went with the Braun.The 8585 is mechanically very nice and the base/cleaning system works very well.This said , after 2.5 weeks of use with the shaver -LRB- the recommended ` break-in time ' -RRB- , I feel that results are spotty . Generally it takes some effort and time to get a truly even looking cut . Even at it 's best , the appearance is generally that of a second day cut with a Mach 3 . I have n't returned this yet , but I 'm seriously considering it . $ 165.00 + the cleaner cartridges is very expensive for a device that does n't provide an all-together great shave every time .
 This is my first electric shaver , so I ca n't say how it compares to others . However , I have to say that shaving as an experience is much better with the Braun Activator than with a traditional razor -LRB- I was using the Mach3 -RRB- . I 'm just happy to be done with the mess of shaving cream and the cuts on my neck . There are still a few spots that do n't get cut very close -LRB- particularly below/under the jaw -RRB- but I 'm quite satisfied overall -LRB- especially since these spots were tough with the Mach3 -RRB- .
 I 've never considered using an electric shaving machine like this b/c of my need to have a close shave . The Braun 8585 nailed it ! I 'd recommend this item to any man who wants a close shave without the nicks .
 I have been using a Mach 3 razor for the past few years but I got tired of the hassle of shaving with it every morning -LRB- especially the shaving cream mess -RRB- . I decided to try the 8585 after much research , and I am happy to report that after a month of use I could n't be more pleased . I get a shave almost as close as my Mach 3 with no cuts or nicks and none of the mess , and my skin never feels irritated.It took about a week to adjust to the difference of using an electric , but now I am getting close shaves every morning . Highly recommended for those who are thinking of making the jump !
 I switched from Mach3 + Edge gel to this beauty and could n't have made a better choice . My skin started getting razor burn and bumps in the neck area from the Mach 3 , so I decided to buy this after reading the reviews . Best purchase I 've made . No more burn and a smooth -LRB- against the grain -RRB- shave with no irritation whatsoever and no water . Not going back . .
 Here 's my scoop . I have had a number of different shavers over the past 25 years . I used to prefer Norelco rotary shavers until I found this Braun 8585 shaver . First of all and most importantly it gives a great , clean , close and comfortable shave . Second it 's easy to maintain . Just pop it in to the base , press one button and all the cleaning is done for you . Replacement cleaning cartridges are needed every two months or so but they 're well worth the price for a shaver that is clean and causes no -LRB- and I mean no -RRB- irritation . Third it can be used either with the cord or without the power cord . The sideburn trimmer , contrary to other reviews , is actually very easy to use . The lockable pivoting head puts the cutter block and foil directly where they need to be for the best shave possible . The 8595 shaver has an LED display which indicates the charge level , but honestly this seemed somewhat superfluous since most guys do n't shave for hours on end without putting the shaver back into the recharging unit and even if you did go for hours on end you could still use the power cord . So if you want the best shaver and the best shave possible , go with the 8585 Braun Activator shaver !
 Braun 8585 Activator Self-Cleaning Shaving SystemBought this Shaver for a Christmas Gift.My husband says : Best electric shaver he ever had better than Norelco or Remington has owned both.Comes with a nice travel case could be bit bigger.Gives a close and comfortable shave.Overall a great shaver.Braun 8585 Activator Self-Cleaning Shaving SystemI would recommend this shaver as a self purchase or gift .
 I purchased this razor for my husband last year for Christmas . He swore nothing would compare to his infamous Schick Quattro Disposable Razor . The downside , terrible in-grown hairs every week , ugh and 15 minutes to shave . Although he fought with me every step of the way , he finaly caved and tried it . After a few days he was hooked ! He gets a super-close shave in half the time and the * huge * bonus , no more ingrown hairs . If you hae sensitive skin or know someone who does , this is the model for them . The self-cleaning option is wonderful and a big key to the success . I highly recommend this model , so much so , I picked one up for my father-in-law this Christmas .
 I finally bought a new Shaver after the battery on my 5400 died . This one is a great improvement . Alot quieter and easier to hold . My 5400 was narrow . I find the wider 8585 easier to handle . In my opinion , the 8585 shaves alot better than my 5400 . I 've read on other reviews that there is really no improvement , but I 've noticed a great improvement . I also use my 8585 to shave my head and it does a much better job than my 5400 in that I dont have to swipe the same area several times . I only give 4 stars because of the price . I think they can come down another 50 dollars .
 I bought this 8585 for my husband one month ago and he uses it everyday . It gives him a good shave and the cleaning system is convenient . He can always keep the shaver clean while not spending a lot of time cleaning it . Also Amazon emailed me the $ 50 certificate on time as promised.Thank you .
 This razor works as advertised.Previously I went through more expensive razors in less than a year . Provides a good , clean & close shave . The self cleaning action is great and it saves me time when I 'm in a hurry .
 I ordered my Braun 8585 shaver and asked for the delivery to be normal ground service . I was shocked and very happy when I receive the shaver the two days later . How often does this happen ? I love the shaver and doing business with this vendor . From now on I will be buying online from no one else !
 Over the past 15-20 years I 've had three Braun razors . This 8585 is my most recent and highest end model . I suppose I 've had it about 3 years now -LRB- 1 foil/cutter change and another change due -RRB- . The prior Braun 's I 've had were middle of the road models and both worked fairly well . In fact , I did n't think this razor worked that much better and it had the `` new '' foil design which was one of the reasons I purchased it . I initially used the `` self-cleaning '' method but after awhile it seemed like a waste so I decided to just hand clean every day -LRB- 20 seconds -RRB- . The self-cleaning does work very well initially , but once it fills up with hair/dirt it does n't clean as effective . Another thing to watch out for is if you do n't use the self cleaning it will just evaporate . -LRB- Kind of like ink in your printer . -RRB- So , if you think you can get 3 months out of it doing it every 3-4 days , think again . It wo n't last . The alcohol evaporates.One big con is this high pitch noise the razor makes . It makes it when charging and it also makes it about every 8 minutes -LRB- beep-beep -RRB- . The `` every 8 minute '' beep , which is probably doing a battery check , is quite annoying . Every once in awhile while in my bathroom I would hear a beep-beep . For many years I 've heard this and it was n't until recently that I discovered it is the razor . So , a big disappointment . I 'm surprised it got through the Braun QA.Anyway , it is a decent razor but if you every hear a high pitch noise -- check the razor . Every 8 minutes it will make it .
 My husband switched to this after a Norelco rotary shaver . He says it gives him a better , closer shave . He usually got a lot of irritation with the rotary , but not with this one . The shaver holds its charge well and stays clean with the charger/cleaner system . He 's had it almost two years and has had to replace the foil once . We buy cleaner liquid refills here on Amazon . ----- Update 5/19/11The shaver still works great , no problems at all . EXCEPT if you have very good hearing like me , the charger makes a VERY high pitched sound constantly . It is not very loud . My husband ca n't hear it . However , I have to close the door to the bathroom so I can fall asleep at night . Most people probably would n't notice , but I thought I 'd mention it .
 I love this shaver . I get a great shave quickly and comfortably . For my face , Braun has the best blade technology of anyone . I was very skeptical about the self-cleaning aspect and , in fact , it is the reason I give it a 4 instead of a 5 . I like the idea but I do n't like the cleaning fluid they provide . I have no idea what it is made of -LRB- smells like a petroleum product -RRB- and I 'm not keen on the idea of putting anything on my skin that I would n't put inside my body . After all , our skin is our largest organ and it does absorb . I also do n't like the idea of throwing those cleaning cartridges in a landfill over and over again . So , I 've decided to create my own cleaning fluid using all natural , organic ingredients and just refill the original cartridge when needed . Overall , I am happy with the razor and highly recommend it .
 The product works well but the service from the `` jungle '' and the owner are second to none.I hope he has cleaned house as I clean my beard daily.Thanks DJ
 I have extremely sensitive skin and constantly break out from shaving . The Braun 8585 Activator gives me a very close shave while not irritating my skin . It 's amazing how close it actually gets . Some selling points : - It 's a heavy and well built piece of machinery that has lasted well over a year and is still trucking along -LRB- still on the same blades too -RRB- . - The cover is easily removed for fast cleaning and the head pivots or can be locked into place . - The trimmer is a nice feature , but can be a bit difficult to see where you 're trimming because it does n't come too far off the shaver -LRB- watch those sideburns ! -RRB- . - The cleaning system charges and cleans at the same time . I found that I only need to clean/charge it once a week and it holds the charge all week long . The little light on the shaver tells you when the charge is low . The cleaning cartridges are a bit pricey but last for a pretty long time and are well worth the money ; I 'm still trying to concoct a homemade solution to refill them myself ... any suggestions ? - The cord that comes with the cleaning/charging hub disconnects and can be simply plugged into the bottom of the shaver for travel.Tip
 Not only does this shaver give a close shave , the cleaning system works really well . I no longer have to clean up fine bits of hair each morning .
 I bought this to replace my Remington Microscreen 2 and my Gilette Mach III . Excellent buy , close shave -LRB- with a little work -RRB- . I am pleased and very glad I did n't buy the 8595 . This is a better deal .
 The razor shaves very well & I like the combination cleaning & charging station .
 A great shave , and self cleaning . Just what I wanted in an electric razor . I 've had Braun 's before , so I know they 're reliable , too .
 I have used razors as well as the Remington Microscreen , three Norelco rotary shavers -LRB- incl . the Quadra -RRB- and now the Braun . And without a doubt the Braun gives me the cleanest , closest shave with the exception of the razor and with NO irritation . The Norelcos constantly gave me ` shaver burns ' at the base of my neck and the Remington was never ` as close as a blade ' . And razors would bring rise to rather nasty skin problems even with using aftershave and sterilizing the blades . Without a doubt I am absolultely happy with my shaver . Worth every penny .
 I 've used a less expensive -LRB- $ 50-range -RRB- Braun shaver for more than 15 years , & I think that this model is infinitely better . It provides a much closer shave w / far greater comfort . It 's esp . good at getting hard-to-reach curved surfaces -LRB- chin , jaw , adam 's apple -RRB- . I 'm a little skeptical that the cleaning system is necessary , but the quality of the shaver suggests that the cleaner may be just as good .
 I used the Panasonic Linear for almost 3 years . I came across some advertisement for the Braun . After a little research and reading these Amazon reviews , I was convinced to try out the Braun . The 8585 has not disappointed . While my Linear gave me very good shaves it took a lot of time and manipulating -LRB- stretching -RRB- my face to really get a close shave . The Braun shaves my face closer , in less time , and with much less stretching and contorting of my face ! I still have to pull my skin to get some hard to get spots . I have to say that shaving with the Braun is the closest thing I have experienced to shaving with a blade.Also , the self-cleaning system works extremely well . I kind of like the lemony smell of the Braun after it has been cleaned .
 Hey folks , I 've got to tell you , I recieved this shaver for X-mas from my girlfriend , and it 's absolutely fantastic!I 've used it everyday , have had electric shavers in the past , most notably the Remington , but never experienced a shaver with the power or ability to cut as close as this one.If you 're thinking about a great shaver , this is it !
 This shaver shaves closer than the Norelco I had previously , but there is still room for improvement . This is a good shaver , but I will only discuss my complaints :1 -RRB- Its noisy . I hesitate to use it or the cleaning feature in the morning when I get up before my wife is awake .2 -RRB- It does n't do a good job with the long side-growing hairs around my adam 's apple . -LRB- I have yet to find an electric that does -RRB- 3 -RRB- It rests in its cleaning base pointing to the left and away from the user . Its quite awkward to remove from its base if you are right handed .4 -RRB- Its expensive and you have to account for an additional $ 60 per year in cleaning solution if you clean it as recommended .
 Let me start out by saying the Braun 8585 EASILY provides the best shave I 've ever gotten from an electric razor . Though it 's the slogan of another company , honestly the 8585 is the only shaver that 's ever truly been `` as close as a blade '' . Now for the reason -LRB- s -RRB- I 've given it 4 stars rather than 5 : The razor is loud , and by that I mean LOUD . It 's loud when it 's self cleaning , it 's louder when it 's held up to your face . The second reason , and this might just be me being picky , is the blue led at the base of the razor . The led is as bright as the razor is loud . I realize that the blue led 's are new and high tech seeming , but seriously ... when the razor is in the cleaner / charger unit it also functions as a nightlight ... a nightlight that bathes half the room in erie blue light.All in all though , the 8585 is an excellent product , LOUD but excellent .
 I 've been using my old Norelco shaver for the past 5 years . I did n't like it because my skin on my face would get irritated after every shave that I literally would go on for several days in between each shave . It also did not shave as close as I would like . To keep the blade decent , I had to clean it on regular basis and it too was a hassle . My wife just bought me the 8585 shaver for a Father 's day gift . I was skeptical at first and the price was a bit higher than what I would like to spend . But after my first and second shave with it , the only word I can truly express is `` WOW '' . This shaver is excellent . It shaved as close as a blade with no irritation . I read of some reviewers complaint of not able to get a close shave around the base of the neck area . I found that by merely turning the shaver to angle it , I was able to shave the base of the neck area just fine . The self cleaning system is great . I no longer have to worry about taking the shaver apart to clean it .
 I had never used an electric razors . After reasearching this particular one though , I was sold . I decided to move to electric razors becuase I HATED shaving with blades . They left my skin feeling tight and really irritated my neck area . I have been using this shaver for a few weeks not and love it . It does a great job at every aspect of shaving . The only negative thing I have is that on some of the tough neckhairs you really have to work to get them out . You see everyone complaining about the price of the self cleaning solution . I only let it self clean after every other shave and that works fine . This solution will last me well past a month and I shave 3 times a week . Plus it leaves the razor with a fresh orange smell.Highly recommended .
 I brought this shaver as a gift for my father . His old one was well ... old . It did n't shave closely and he looked kinda unshaven even when he did . We just thought that was normal , but after he started using this shaver boy did he look different . His cheeks were softer too . My mom was happy too , so I 've said all that to say , he seemed really pleased with this one.The cleaner is a great part of it too . Just do n't go yanking the thing around , it does n't work the way you would think it does . Think of the cleaner like a dishwasher , you would n't open the dishwasher while it was on so do n't take the shaver out of the cleaner while it 's cleaning.One last thing
 I used to be a soap and razor man but after I obtained this Braun as a gift from one of the kids I changed my mind . I tried them all , 3 heads , straight heads but none shaved like my razor until this Braun . I had tried an earlier Braun model but it did n't compare to this self cleaning shaver system . I replace the heads every 6 months and the cleaning fluid every 2 months and things are smooth if you get my point , lol .
 The key thing in an electric shaver is getting the whiskers to the cutting blades . If the foil is too thick , or the holes in the foil do n't get the stubby hairs inside , the shave wo n't be close . My whiskers grow flat along my skin in some parts of my face , especially in my throat area . The heads of most electric shavers just glided over them without picking them up . I could only get a close shape with a blade . My previous Panasonic wet/dry shaver had little rubber fins -LRB- like on some of the better Gillette razors -RRB- at the leading edges of the foil to lift up the flat hairs so they could go into the foil . That was the best electric shave I had ever gotten up to now . But Panasonic no longer sells any model with those fins , and the replacement foils with the fins for my shaver have been discontinued.I looked around for current shavers that might have a new approach . Shaving with a blade every day is just too hard on my skin . I came across these Brauns 8595 and 8585 . The explanation of the new foil design approach seemed to make enough sense to give it a try . The two models are the same , except that the 8595 has an LCD display for $ 40 more . The information on Braun 's website sort of reveals , if you look at what the functions of the display are , that its main purpose is to nag you -- time to clean , time to replace the foil , etc. . So I saved the extra money and got the 8585 . I have been very impressed with it . The differently shaped foil slots/holes really do seem to pull in the hairs . No electric shaver is ever going to be as completely close as a blade , but this is pretty near to it . It 's at least as good as my old wet/dry Panasonic with the hair-lifting fins.Here 's a semi-undocumented tip . The instructions say that you charge the shaver by putting it in the cleaning/charging station . They also say that you can use the power cord for corded shaving if the battery is discharged , and that the battery charges whenever the shaver is connected to a power outlet . What they DO N'T say outright is what these facts suggest and I discovered
 I have had it for a couple of weeks now . I have used Norelco and Remington shavers in the past as well as the Gillette Mach 3 Turbo . I can honestly say the shave is as close as a blade . However , there is no mess . Also the self cleaning feature works wonderful as well . No more disgusting stubble clean ups . You can get the refill for $ 9.95 for 2 month supply . You ca n't beat it . I love it .
 Firstly I 'd like to make a comment about razors in general . They are two main types on the market today , 1 . multiple blades -LRB- Gillette is well known for that , I think they are up to 5 blades now -RRB- ; and 2 . Electric razors , which can be rotary -LRB- e.g. Norelco -RRB- or foil -LRB- e.g. Braun -RRB- . Make no mistake about it , a blade razor will ALWAYS shave closer than any electric razor , for the simple reason that the blade -LRB- s -RRB- can get right on your skin to cut the hair , while electric razor 's blades are always hidden and can never cut as close . So if you are looking for a magic electric razor that shaves as close as the blades , STOP , because they do n't exist , at least not yet.I got a Norelco a few months back , and this was a welcome change for me as shaving got quicker and less messy , but for some reason , my face never got used to it . No to mention how it does n't shave nearly as close , I was getting worse razor burns from the Norelco than my usual blades . And this was while I used the Nivea lotion that came with the Norelco . The advertised pull and cut action with the Norelco is a buch of baloney , as I could feel the little stubs on my face no matter how long I shave . I gradually got irritated by the Norelco but was somewhat reluctant to go back to blades full time as I had gotten too lazy to use them everyday.The next natural step was to try the foil shavers . Like a previous reviewer , I opted to pass on the LCD display screen of 8595 and went for the cheaper but otherwise identical 8585 model instead . It was expensive but well worth the money . These Germans sure know how to make the gadgets . I always use the back of my hand to feel my chin after shaving and check how close the shave was , and this was almost as good as my Mach-3 blades and in about half the time , with no messy shaving creams and annoying cuts and burns . The foil is incredibly slick and glides across your face like Teflon and it usually takes me about 3 to 4 passes on the same area to get a satisfactory shave . It holds comfortable in your hands , and by virtual of its design , shaves much better than the rotary razors at curvy places around the chin . It also self-cleans and from the smell of the cleaning solution , I presume it self-disinfects . The cleaning station is probably too bulky to take on the road but unless you travel for more than 2 weeks , the razor really does n't get `` dirty '' enough to require any cleaning . The cleaning can get really loud -LRB- much louder than the shaving -RRB- , but it 's a minor annoyance to me.I still enjoy a hot shave with my razor every once a while , but this Braun is definitely my default choice now . If you can spare the money to buy one , you wo n't regret it .
 Let me start off by saying that Braun makes the best electric shavers I 've used . I 've stuck with them for more than 15 years . When the battery on my 5614 stopped holding a charge I decided to upgrade to the 8585 . It is much better than the 5614 for getting tough areas along the sides of the neck and base of the jaw . In fact , there is really no comparison between the 5000 series and the 8000 series . The 8585 blows everything else away ... it really is worth the extra money . Do n't be cheap , upgrade . You wo n't regret it.The new micro screen 's shape really does pick-up more hair in less strokes . Combined with the side-to-side vibration that really does cut down on razor burn . While it 's not quite as good as an old fashioned blade it 's much better than any electric I 've ever used . The only difference between the 8595 and this one is the battery indicator display . It shows the power status and tells you when it needs cleaning . I just do n't think it 's worth the extra money for that . They share the same micro screen , cutter , and other features.Couple hints for maximum performance
 Pros : I can now use one shaver to cut long whiskers . I used to use a Braun for short whiskers and a Norelco for long whiskers that grew when I did not shave every day.The shaver does not pull the whiskers as they are cut , regardless of the length.I have used my shaver for six months and it still holds a good charge and cuts well due to the cleaner , I think.Cons : Cost of cleaner -- I use about one per month but it does seem to do what it claims . It keeps the shaver clean , lubricated , and smelling chemically clean.I would buy it again . Also , I would not waste money on the LCD display .
 After thirty years , and five Norelco electric razors , I decided to live on the edge and try something new . This razor gives a much better shave than I 've ever had from an electric shaver . While I do n't believe that any electric will come quite as close as a blade , this is the best I 've ever used.Now in regard to some of the negatives I 've read in the other reviews , I have not experienced any of those problems . The razor is no louder than my last Norelco . The build quality appears very good , with exception to the plastic travel case . The auto cleaning works wonderfully . I 've had the razor for ten weeks , using the auto clean every day , and the original cleaning cartridge is not empty yet . I expect I 'll use three or four of the disposable cleaning cartridge per year , but for about a nickel per day a clean , sterile , and just plain good smelling razor is a bargain.I suppose I would n't have any credibility here if I did n't have a couple minor negatives to report . First , the cleaning/charging base is a bit larger than I expected . Next the wall plug is big and sticks out further than I would have liked . And finally , the cleaning cycle does make a bit of noise as the razor cleans and flushes itself . These a very minor complaints.Overall , I would not have taken the time to write this review if I had n't been exceptionally pleased with the performance of this product . Thanks for reading !
 Have always had trouble getting a really clean shave with electric razors - especially the neck - especially if I skip shaving for a day or two -LRB- which I sometimes do on weekends -RRB- . With this razor , no problems at all , the shave is really superior . It catches hairs other electrics miss . The self cleaning thing is a little over the top for my taste . I 'd prefer a less imposing stand with a smaller foodprint and more subtle lights , but hey , it works ! Altogether a terrific upgrade on my old Braun , and in another universe compared to my -LRB- very -RRB- old Norelco .
 I 've been using electric shavers for about seven years , and have gone through five . This is n't to say I use them until they stop working - I use them until the lure of something better comes along . I 've gone from an old hand-me-down Remington to an under-powered little Braun , to an unsuccessful stint with a triple-head that was supposed to dispense soothing goo , to a fantastic Remington Microscreen whose life was cut short by the rigors of life in the desert -LRB- California , Kuwait and Iraq -RRB- , to its similar but not-as-good Remington replacement.A common issue dogged these razors - wear and tear . Blades and screens spend more time touching your face than you do , and the `` blade chamber '' invariably becomes dusted and choked with stubble , skin and the detritus of electric shaving . The chaps at Braun , perhaps sensing a chance to set themselves apart from the electric shaving pack , came up with the Self-Cleaning Shaving System.And I must say I 'm impressed.Now , the razor itself is keen . It has a nice size , a good heft , and a straight shaving head mounted on a rotating base that gives it just enough flexibility for under-neck shaving . The flexible screen abandons the `` lots of little holes in a grid '' concept for a crazy-cross hatched slot-and-hole screen that does a good - not perfect , but good - job of letting hairs at odd angles meet the blades . The shave itself is a dream . Those hard-to-get odd angled hairs aside , the razor works smoothly and almost imperceptably . It has a light touch , even if you push it hard into your skin.My observation in support of this is that I had no `` adjustment period '' switching from the Remington to the 8585 . None . Therefore , I attest the 8585 is gentle but all business , giving a damn fine close-but-not-too-close shave with very little irritation.Now , back to the innovation here - the self-cleaning system . It is , without exaggeration , awesome . Using an alcohol-mixture cartridge , you simply place the 8585 in the charging stand after a shave . Now , I 'm not sure how the system determines how hard to work at cleaning , but it thinks for a bit , and then picks either low -LRB- eco -RRB- medium -LRB- normal -RRB- or high -LRB- intensive -RRB- . The process , as far as I can tell , is it soaks the razor head in the solution , the shaving scum is washed away , and the alcohol evaporates . You 're left with a fully clean electric to use for your next shave with the faint scent of lemony gin.It keeps the blades sharp , the screen unclogged , and just plain works.As another reviewer astutely points out , if you want to conserve cleaning fluid , you can always charge the 8585 directly with the power cable . And , true to Braun 's claim , the sucker charges quickly and will last quite a while without a re-charge . Finally , the 8585 comes with the razor , base , charger , one cartridge of cleaning solution , a sweet hard-shell case for travel , a screen guard and a brush for taking care of external stubble.Although I 'm giving this puppy five stars , I do have two complaints/observations . Number one is that the trimmer , while aggresive and able to cut thick hair with ease , has trouble with smaller , fine errant hairs , especially on the neck . It 's not a major issue , but electric shaving is never without its quirks . Next , the cleaning cartridges cost about eight bucks a pop , and if the thought of paying this much for the self-cleaning luxury bugs you , you probably should n't consider this razor.Another random note
 I 've had it for three weeks now and am 110 % satisfied . I was hoping it would be as close as what I had with a razor but was extremely happy to see that it 's much closer and easier . No fooling around with shaving cream . No fooling around with opening the head and manually cleaning it . It could n't be easier and closer .
 This was an upgrade from the Braun TriControl , the Braun Flex XP 2 and the Norelco Reflex Plus 6 . I also tried a Remington Micro Screen -LRB- twin head -RRB- as a replacement for my older Remington 700 . On my thick one day beard the 8585 is substantialy quicker and smoother than the others . The 8585 actually feels good on my face and there 's no pinching or irritation to speak of . Running my free hand firmly against the skin , just ahead of the shaver to stand the beard up , produces a shave that is as close as what you would get with a disposable twin bladed razor . But not as good as the premium two to four blade razors like Sensor and Mach 3 . And even then , to get a smooth as silk face takes a LOT of time . I have to keep teasing the beard up with my free hand and keep going over and over the same spot . Eight to nine minutes later I will have a close as a blade shave . That is a lot of time and effort . Now if I 'm in a hurry , in two to three minutes I can get a pretty good `` go to work shave '' . It 's on that type of shave that the 8585 excels . And as far as closeness goes , the Braun TriControl can actually give me a slightly closer shave but it takes a lot of time to do so and it 's not nearly as comfortable.I like the way they isolated the vibration from the users hand . I have mild arthritis and the Flex XP is so buzzy that it 's tiring to hold for a long time . The only down side I see is that you ca n't rinse the 8585 with water to clean it like you can with the TriControl and Flex shavers . To me the self-cleaning stand is just one more bother in my already cluttered world . So the bottom line is that it 's a little smoother and much quicker than the lower line Brauns , -LRB- although I have not tried the Syncro System -RRB- . And it feels absolutly fantastic on my skin , the Norelco was especially slow and harsh . But if you give the TriControl enough passes it cuts just as close and for a third of the money . But the 8585 can give you a decent shave in a couple of minutes while the other shavers take what seems like forever.All in all I like it but I would have prefered a cheaper version without the cleaning stand .
 I 've been using this shaver for a couple weeks now and I am ready to give my thoughts . First the shaver it self is very sleek . It fits in the hand nicely and it has a good solid feeling to it . As far as shaving , it does pretty well . I do n't have too much problem on my face , but the neck can be a problem . I really have to work to get everything off the neck . It leaves little hairs here and there . I feel like i have to jab at it sometimes to get everything . It still takes me about the same time to shave with this as compared to my old razor . Do n't get me wrong , i really do like this shaver . I just wish it was easier to manuver around the neck area . The shaver did leave me with some irratation at first but most of that has subsided by now.Pros : - No shaving cream-No razor cuts or burns-Pretty clean shave overall-Nice sideburn attachment-Easy cleanupCons : - Hard to manuver around the neck-ExpensiveI wanted to address something . Some of the other reviewers claimed that this shaver automatically begins the cleaning process when you put the shaver back on the base . They complain this annoying because sometimes they would like to avoid the self-clean function . This is totally not true whatsoever . The shaver base does not automatically begin the cycle . There is a button on the front of the shaver . Think of this as an on and off button for the automatic cleaning function . When this button is pressed down , the base detects the cleaning cycle and then executes it . However , when this button is n't pressed down , the base determines the cleaing cycle but does not beging the cleaning process . You manually have to press the button down to get it to start cleaning itself.P.S . Just as a tip , always pop the foil guard off the shaver and use the brush supplied with the shaver to manually clean out loose hairs . Then turn the shaver on for a few seconds upside down to get rid of some of the hairs . I always do this and the cleaning cycle is always on the eco setting -LRB- the setting that uses the least amount of fluid -RRB- . the cleaning cycle is a little loud for the first few minutes because the shaver turns itself on in the fluid to clean it out . If you 're worried about waking up your significant other , just clean it later.Overall I really like this shaver . It 's worth the extra little bit of work to get everything off the neck . And of course the automatic cleaning function is lovely . Enjoy
 I had a full beard and mustache for most of the last 25 years , because I could n't tolerate the corresponding cuts , irritation , and discomfort caused by shaving with a blade . As my facial hair became whiter and whiter , I did a little research on electric razors and decided to try the Braun 8585 because of its features and feedback from other users . No doubt about it , I get just as close a shave with the 8585 as with a blade , with zero irritation . Also , suprisingly , it did n't take my skin any time to adjust to an electric razor . As far as the cost of the cleaning solution , for the comfort you receive with this product , it 's more than worth it . I wish I had found this shaving system years ago ; Friends tell me I look much younger now without the facial hair .
 I 've had a Braun Syncro for almost 4 years -LRB- as well as a Norelco -RRB- , and I decided to try the Activator when Amazon offered a $ 50 credit for buying Braun products over $ 130 . The Activator improves on the Syncro in 3 ways . First , it does n't irritate my face -LRB- the Syncro did -RRB- . Second , the cleaning base is more compact , easier to operate , and -LRB- apparently -RRB- more efficient in its use of cleaning cartridges . Third , the travel case is much smaller -LRB- it now follows the form of the shaver -RRB- . I do n't see any reason to pay extra for the 8595 . Whatever information is on the LCD is unnecessary -- save yourself $ 30 and get the 8585 . The cartridges and replacement blades/screens are still expensive , but the Activator gives me a much closer shave than my Norelco , and it no longer irritates my face like the Syncro did . As far as I can tell , this is the best electric razor on the market . Keep up the research , Braun , and pray that Apple does n't come out with an iShave !
 I 've shaved with cheaper Braun electric models for years , and when my previous one died , I decided to shell out the extra money to try their nicer model . After all , I shave every day , so an extra $ 100 to improve that experience for the next 5 years or so should be worth it , right ? My answer is , probably yes , for most of us.There are a lot of raves in the reviews here that might lead one to believe this shaver can give you a perfect shave while doing your taxes and improving your love life . I 've found it 's not * quite * that good . The area in the hollow of my neck that I could never shave with the cheaper Braun electrics still ca n't be shaved with the expensive Braun electric ; I still need to break out a blade to finish up . Nevertheless , a couple weeks ' use of the 8585 razor has convinced me that the extra cost over less expensive Braun electric shavers is worth it to me . The foil irritates my skin less than my previous razors did . I seem to be able to shave in a few fewer swipes than I did before . The charging/cleaning stand removes the effort from those two little tasks , at the cost of needing cleaning fluid refills every so often . The stand also eats up a fair amount of space and an electric outlet in the bathroom . It is possible , though , to ignore the stand and use the razor just like you would use a normal model . The shaver comes with a nifty plastic travel case which I found a nice touch - it keeps my shaver from dropping whiskers all over everything in my travel bag .
 As someone who has always used a Braun electric shaver I must say that it was an easy choice when it came time to replace my old Flex Control model . However , even for a longtime Braun fan such as myself I have been blown away by the quality of the new self-cleaning Activator 8585 . The new foil system gives me a much closer shave , particularly in those tough spots on my neck and the cleaning system eliminates the need to brush out the whiskers and clean the cutterblock myself as I did before . The cleaning fluid is good for a month if cleaning daily , but I only clean 1-2 times per week so it will last even longer.Perhaps the ultimate compliment for this product came this past weekend on a trip with my dad . A longtime razor user , he tried the Activator and liked it so much he said that he was going to buy his own when he got home . Anyone who says an electric shaver ca n't compare to a traditional razor for closeness has not tried this product . 5 stars !
 I 've preferred blades for years , as most electrics give me bad razor burn and do n't do a good job getting the flat whiskers on the bottom of my neck.This razor does a good job getting to all of the whiskers . It gives me a blade close shave , and after a few weeks of persistant razor burn my face does n't suffer much discomfort . Williams ` Lectric Shave did help a lot . At this point it 's like I have been using a premium blade but get a closer shave with less mess.The self cleaning idea is wonderful . The cleaning fluid lasts a good amount of time , even with almost every day use . I like the lemony smell , and the razor does a much better job when it 's clean.An earlier reviewer mentioned they picked this razor over the 8985 because it does n't have the nagging LCD . There are enough lights to communicate with you on this model , so do n't feel like you 're missing anything by choosing the 8585 . Save the difference for some more CCR2 refills.One quirk that I picked up on w / the razor and stand is a faint , very high pitched sound that they make when plugged in . It 's similar to the sound that a TV makes when you turn it on . I could imagine that if somebody had a quiet , `` echo-y '' bathroom and sensative ears to these types of noises it might become an annoyance . Most people wo n't notice the sound at all , though.The Sales Rank on this product is very high , and with good reason . It does a very respectable job and has many quality features to go with it .
 Good close shave with much less irritation than a razor . If , like I do , you have thick or abundant hair and sensitive skin and need to shave daily this is really a good option . Granted , no electrical shaver will ever shave as close as a blade , but the difference is barely noticeable -LRB- with THIS shaver -RRB- . I have also noticed that to achieve that closeness I was having more and more irritation resulting in less close shaves towards the end of the week . I was also spending more time and money with the razor shave . Reviewers have complained about the price of the cleaning solution but I do n't think it would be much different -LRB- or maybe even favorable -RRB- if you compare it to the price of good quality blades , gel , and aftershave.The shaver itself is really well designed . It feels solid and comfortable in your hand without being a brick.Highly recommended .
 I grow a very thick beard , and this is the first electric razor that I 've had that I do n't have to shave twice a day with . The closest thing I 've found to a blade -- without the razor burn !
 I 've got pretty sensitive skin and get razor burn very easily -LRB- thus my decision to stop shaving with blades -RRB- , but the Braun Activator 8585 has been great to my skin . My old Remington Microscreen would routinely cause razor burn on my upper lip , neck , and chin , even when I used a shaving powder . The Braun Activator 8585 has yet to do so . Even when my skin is inflamed for another reason -LRB- sunburn , winter dryness -RRB- , shaving with the Braun is nowhere near as painful as it was with the Remington.In addition , it provides a closer shave than the Remingtons I have owned in the past -LRB- not as close as you would get with a blade , however -RRB- . One tip -- I run the cleaning cycle after every use , but I make sure to clean out most of the gunk in the shaver by popping the shaver screen and running it for a short time , as per the procedure in the manual . As a result , most of the time the shaver uses the `` eco '' cleaning mode , which makes the cleaning cartridge last longer -LRB- I 'm still on my first one after a month and a half , and it still reads `` full '' -RRB- . I 've only had the Braun since Christmas , so I ca n't speak to its long-term durability . Overall , I 'm quite happy with it .
 I have tried everything in the shaving world including giving a hot towel press before shave and all sorts of after shave to keep it cool . But this one has defeated all . This is the best product that I have ever had in my life . You get a very good close shave without harming the skin . Its just amazing
 The reviews on this product are numerous and thorough , so I 'll try not to repeat what has already been said well . I tried an electric shaver for the first time 7 years ago and quickly went back to a blade . Then my wife bought me one 2 years ago and it worked reasonably well for a time , but cleaning was a hassle , and since the hairs on my neck somehow grow at crazy angles I could never seem to do a great job on them . Also , I started having a problem with ingrown hairs on my face . I searched Amazon and found the Braun 8585 and decided to invest in it . So far it has been well worth it ; it 's doing a much better job in just 2 days than my old , cheaper shaver ever did . It is excellent to have a shaver that cleans itself , and I hope that it continues working well for years to come . To me , it 's definitely worth the price , even with the cleaning cartridges and replacing the foil and cutter block periodically .
 This is an excellent device . Truly the closest electric I 've used . It does take approximately 1 month of use to achieve the consistent , close shave results .
 I 've had the Braun 8585 for several weeks now & I like overall . It shaves more quickly and with less effort that my previous Braun Integral . It is especially good at getting hairs that lay down . I used to have to use the trimmer for those , but not with this one . It also easily trims any long hair by pointing the foil head straight at them . However , I have had a couple of ingrown hairs too , something very rarely had with the Integral . If you are prone to those , I would go with other models.The shape of the razor is rounded slightly and smooth so I feel the grip is not very secure . I 've never come close to dropping it though , so this may be just a reaction to the better feel of the Integral 's flat surface with rubber bumps.The cleaner I think is fairly useless . It takes up space & since it 's plugged in all the time , what is the point of having a battery powered shaver ? It also makes the bathroom smell slightly of alcohol . It does do a good cleaning job , after a half hour of buzzing and stinking -LRB- slightly -RRB- . However , you could do the same with a brush in seconds . I 've noticed that as it changes its cleaning recommendations , it never goes backwards , even if you clean it by hand . So it is doing something to figure out the amount of clippings inside , but even if you remove them thoroughly it still tells you that it needs the same level of cleaning as it did right before you cleaned it . Thank goodness you can use the razor without this silly cleaning station.I got curious about how the foil does so much better than the more uniform lower-end Braun models . My son 's 60 power Intel Play microscope did a great job answering this question . The Activator foil has some holes that are quite a bit larger , and some smaller than the Integral foil -LRB- I think that 's the one used on most other Brauns -RRB- . Also , the lines between the holes are much thinner.Overall , I would say if you do not have a problem with ingrown hairs , buy an Activator but save your money if they have a model out that does not include the cleaner . If you have a problem with ingrown hairs , buy a Braun without the Activator foil .
 I 'm a college kid - i usually like to have the nicer stuff -LRB- hah - talk about conflicts of finance there - college AND big spender - yeah - i work my tail off to afford both ! lol -RRB- I got a lower end norelco 3 head shaver a year ago - and i liked it - but i saw some newer norelco 's that had the moisturizer in them - so i told my mom to get that for christmas - well she was n't sure exactly what i meant - so she just went out and got me the nicest shaver they sold at the store ! This was TOTALLY unexpected - i was excited - but i was concerned - this one did not have 3 pivoting heads that i had used before - i was n't sure how close i 'd get of a shave ... . WOW - leme tell ya - after i decided to use it christmas day - i gota say - i can not believe how smooth my face was - i did n't think that was possible without hot wax!The clean & charge ; is very cool - and the smell is GREAT . Only complaint i have - is that its a little hard to find replacement clean & charge ; cartridges locally - i 've gone to several stores - and still nothing - i hope to find them at my local kmart - but i 'm not sure.And as a side note - the fact that my face is so smooth - it is actually very appealing to the ladies when i give them a kiss . Very good quality unit here - definately worth the money
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my father in 2004 and it worked like a charm for 6 years without any problems at all ! He loved it , and wants another one this year .
 I bought this for my boyfriend about 4 years ago , and it still works as if it was new , and it shaves very smoothly and comfortably . People should know , though , that it 's an ongoing investment . He replaces the fluid cartridge about 5 times per year .
 It is expensive . However , I like it very much . I find it gives nice close shaves . I like the self-cleaning feature .
 I was skeptical at first by all the negative reviews . I bought it anyways , and this shaver is the best thing I have every gotten . No longer does it take numerous strokes to shave , this shaves so close and with very few strokes . The cleaning unit is loud at times , but whatever it cleans the shaver . This is a great unit .
 I 've been using electric razors for over 20 years now . I started out with the old Remington XLR -LRB- the blocky one they made for years -RRB- , then used a Remington triple foil for 8 years -LRB- model TR400 -RRB- . The foils became difficult to find and the razor 's battery was going bad , so I figured it was time for a new one . After much reading , I decided on the Activator 8585 . The razor overall is good , but it does n't shave as close as the old Remington TR400 . The shave is more than adequate , but I find it ca n't shave as close around and under the jaw line like my old Remington . I can still feel a bit of minor stubble there that I could n't feel with the Remington . The Braun does dramatically better than that Remington when I get a few days of growth though . I could never shave with that razor since it could n't handle the longer growth ; the Braun just plows right through several days growth with no problem . The mini cutters in the middle of the foils do the job wonderfully on longer hairs , and that alone makes the Braun a better overall design to my old Remington.The Braun does n't irritate my skin the way the Remington did either . I never could shave 2 days in a row with the Remington without my face hurting a bit , but it 's not an issue with the Braun . Does the trick foil design help ? Personally , I do n't see it being better than the traditional circular hole design in my Remington ; I ca n't comment when compared to the Braun Syncro line since I 've never used it.The battery life is impressive with this razor . Braun claims 50 minutes run time , and I 'm getting that on my 3rd charge , if not a bit longer . The cleaning station is also nifty but personally not really necessary . I would have gladly gotten the razor with out it and saved some money if it were possible . The ` low battery ' warning light is a nice feature , but I did n't get the `` two or three shaves '' that Braun claims after it came on . I only got one more shave . My guess is Braun assumes 4-5 minutes per shave ; I typically take 7-8 minutes to get the closeness I want . I do n't use any pre-shave lotions nor powders . Perhaps if I did it would help get a closer shave in less time.Will this razor shave as close as a blade , especially the Mach3 ? I do n't think so . But , the shave you 'll get is about as close as most electrics will get with virtually zero skin irritation . To me that 's a good enough trade-off to stick with the razor and recommend it .
 My last saver the Panasonic ES8152NC met with my plaster wall in a fit of anger . So as a total perfectionist I tried this one because it came with a `` Brawn '' money back grantee for the fist 30 days . I have found this one is the ticket , it gets no better then this , it shaves me closer then a razor , it is simply perfect . The major improvement on this model is the head design , that alone , is possibly why it is perfect . To add to this perfection scenario it is not made in China or any Asian sweet shop , but in Germany , or at least mine was .
 Love all the features but this shaver doesnt cut as close as I thought it would . I donot get a close shave . maybe the cutters are dull or something but my experience is not a positive one . On the other hand the self clean features and recharge stand are great . It really cleans the shaver well for a no maintenance shaver .
 Bought the shaver for myself as a Christmas present and love it . One of the reasons I was willing to spend the money was the $ 50 Amazon coupon that was promised with the unit . -LRB- ... on any Braun purchase of at least $ 129 , I believe ... -RRB- With all the holiday rush , I may have missed something , but it did n't come in the box , and is no longer on the site.Does anyone have any additional info on this offer ?
 Excellent . It is a very good product .
 Do not have a case or pouch for the shaver and the cord . Shaver has a case but not for the ord .
 I feel like I have to share my opinion of this shaver . I found other people 's reviews to be so helpful when I was trying to find the best electric shaver recently.I previously had a Braun 6520 for years and was very happy with it until the day it died . I went a while without an electric shaver and finally decided to get a new one . I am not a rich man , but the Braun 8585 is worth every penny . I am extremely happy with it . I believe it to be the finest electric shaver available today . The other two shavers I tried during my recent search failed in so many ways by comparison . You really do get what you pay for with electric shavers.One of the shavers I tried was the Remington MS3-1700 Titanium 3 MicroScreen Ultra . By comparison the Remington was much louder especially the sideburn trimmer which made me feel like I should insert earplugs before putting that thing so close to my ear . Also , even though it has the 3 screens , it took a much longer time to shave and it did not do that good of a job.This Braun works really great and is impressively better than my old one which I was very happy with . I highly recommend the 8585 !
 I have been shaving with Braun electric shavers since I was about 19 . I believe the 8585 is only my 4th Braun shaver in almost 18 years . I replaced my last one , and it was still going strong , lasting over a week on a charge.This shaver is such an improvement over every other Braun shaver I have ever used . It gives by far the closest shave . It has much more power than any of its predecessors . It can go through 2 days worth of stubble without even breaking a sweat . It handles awkward neck hairs very well . I attribute this to the new foil design.What really makes me love this shaver , though , is the self-cleaning . I love the fact that I 'm getting a lemony fresh clean shave every morning . I have even checked out the shaver after its done cleaning . I dare you to find a single whisker inside of it . I am still on my original tub of cleaning solution , and I am just shy of a month of usage.I highly recommend the Activator 8585 by Braun . At these prices it 's a no-brainer ... UPDATE
 Razors will get you the closest shave available . But they constantly cut and make my face break out ... plus the cost of replacing the blades is up there . About a year ago I tried a triple-foil shaver , which hurt my face more than razors do . So I returned that on the quality guarantee and purchsed a Braun 7526 . This was the best electric shaver I 'd ever used . It cut close and fast , and everytime I cleaned it , it was like starting with a brand new unit . I recently upgraded to the new 8585 - mainly to try the new foil design . This one is even better than the previous!Some of the differences are : * Feels lighter * With the new foil design , it glides over my face and requires far fewer passes to get the job done * The charger/cleaner base is half the size of the previous * Comes with a handy hard case - instead of the leather/material of the 7526I highly recommend this shaver !!!
 I purchased this model of shaver after doing probably a dozen hours of research on the pros and cons of different brands models , and after reading tons of reviews . This shaver was a gift for my husband who is very picky and therefore rather difficult to shop for . He has to have the best and finest things in any category , and he hates everything unless it was his decision to purchase . I swear I am not making this up . So , I was thoroughly expecting him to say he hated the shaver and to send it back . Much to my surprise , he actually likes it . The Braun 8585 Activator Self-Cleaning Shaving System is flat and about the size of the old two-head shavers -LRB- you never see those sold anymore , only 3-head ones -RRB- . In my opinion the smaller shaver gives better maneuverability . Shavers almost all claim to be as close as a blade , but this one nearly delivers on that promise . They could claim to be `` 99.5 % as close as a blade '' and be completely accurate . You 'll want to shave prior to showering , since the skin tends to swell a bit in hot water . The shaver 's self cleaning feature is fabulous and works well ; it 's like having a brand new shaver every time . I do n't know this for sure , because I would never dream of using my husband 's shaver , but it seems like it would work just as well for women , since they do n't make women 's shavers as nice as this one . Oh , ok , so maybe I tried it out . I have a knack for somehow managing to half amputate my leg while shaving , so it was a nice easy and effective switch . I even groomed the dog with the mustache trimmer part . The shaver is fairly quiet and did n't cause her any undue alarm or stress . She now looks fabulous and also heartily endorses the Braun 8585 Activator .
 This is the second electric razor I 've ever used , and the first I 've ever owned . The first time I used an electric razor was about 8 years ago . My friend had one and the convienence seemed great , so I gave it a try . I thought the skin had been peeled from my face ! The shave was n't close at all and every whisker that was left on my face seemed to have a direct line to my pain center . I had NEVER had razor burn that bad before . I swore off any and all electric razors at that point.Here recently , I was given this razor as a gift . I thought `` Hey , computer technology has come a long way in 8 years , why not razors ? '' so I decided to give it a try . I followed the directions for setting it up and letting it charge . I decided to give it a try on a weekend evening ... I was expecting MASSIVE razor burn again and I did n't want to have to go out in public afraid to have a gnat land on my skin . I used the razor . Shave was pretty close , not as close as my safety razor and cream , but pretty dang close . But , the most amazing thing ... . VERY LITTLE RAZOR BURN ! I could n't believe it . . first time I used it , the skin on my neck got a little irritated and red , but nothing unbearable . The redness was gone in 15 minutes . Now , after a week of using it , there 's no irritation at all ! I 'm amazed!Most of the reviews here have covered the features of the razor , so I thought I 'd give a few tips for ` first time ' electric razor owners like myself as well as a few general comments on the Braun 8585:1 . Shaving before showering to improve the closeness of the shave .2 . While shaving , use your other hand to ` stretch ' the area you are shaving ... this will help raise the hairs and make your shave closer .3 . I never realized this , but shaving cream has two purposes . I always thought it was just there to lubricate your skin ... turns out it also does a great job of telling you where you have and have not shaved as well ! Since the Braun does n't require shaving cream , you 'll have to pay closer attention the first few times you use it to make sure you do n't miss any spots . Run your hand over your face and you can usually tell if you 've missed anything .4 . The cleaning cycle is a bit loud ... basically , it makes the razor run while flowing cleaning fluid through the head . So , it 's just as load as the razor itself . It also turns on and off randomly , so it is a bit irritating . The moral of the story ? Do n't press the cleaning button if someone nearby is still trying to sleep .5 . The included electric cord does not stretch much -LRB- maybe 4 ' -RRB- and has to be plugged in to the back of the base stand . So , depending on your bathroom electrical outlet arrangement , you may need to get a short extension cord so that the big , ugly black cord of the razor is n't stretching all over the place.All in all , I ca n't recommend this shaver enough . I never thought there would be an electric razor that would n't irritate my skin , but it seems I 've found one . It does n't shave as close as a ` real ' razor , but it is good enough for a workday . If your significant other demands baby smooth cheeks , you can always bust out the ` real ' razor for date night . This razor is perfect for anyone looking to `` shave '' a few minutes and a lot of hassle out of their morning routine .
 I 've been a blade man since my very first shave over 25 years ago . I tried an electric shaver once and hated the results , so I stuck with blades despite their rising costs.I saw a couple deals come and go on the Braun 8585 at a `` hot deals '' site I frequent , and I finally bit on the third one . Wow ! Very impressive.The razor burned my skin after the first use , but I used it straight out of the box , instead of running it through a cleaning cycle first . Since the first shave it has been very comfortable.There are those who say it shaves as close as a blade and those who say it does n't . I suppose that depends on many factors.I have a tough beard , but I also do n't mind spending the extra time with the Braun to get my face smooth . For me it shaves as close as a blade.I can only reiterate some excellent tips that have already been given :1 . To save cleaning fluid , always remove the cleaning cartridge from the unit and recap it tightly . Also the cleaning fluid is most denatured alcohol , so if you wanted to buy a bottle of that to refill the cartridge it would probably work fine .2 . Pop the head of the razor off and shake it over your garbage can before you stick it into the cleaner . This will `` trick '' the cleaner into Eco mode 99 % of the time . Saves fluid and noise .3 . The noise is only for a couple of seconds two or three times per 30 minute cleaning cycle , and only in the beginning . Most of the cleaning cycle seems to be drying time , so the unit is quiet .4 . A long time electric razor user warned me to be careful with these ultra-thin foil razors . The foil head can crack sooner than you 'd expect and you end up cutting your face , so inspect your foil head regularly .5 . Enjoy the Braun 8585 , or 8595 !!!
 The Braun 8585 , after extensive shaver research , was one of the few items I listed on my Christmas wish list . Being completely new to electric shaving , I relied upon consumer reviews and product web-sites . After using the Braun 8585 for almost two weeks , all I can say is WOW ! This is an amazing machine . It took me two or so days to figure out how to manuver the shaver over my face to get my optimal shave . I experience zero irritation and the shave is fantastic . It is not 100 % as close as a blade , but it is 95 % as close . Given no irritation anywhere on my face and neck , the 5 % differential is just fine . I find that I do have to shave every day or every other day to get an excellent , easy shave . If I wait longer than two days , it 's a bit more work and takes a few minutes longer , but the results come through . NOTE
 Bought this for my Dad who is unable to shave himself . I tried one of the less expensive models and it only worked well on portions of his face . Took the plunge and bought this one , and it was the best thing I could do . The razor gets all the parts of his face , quickly and it 's not too loud . The self-cleaning feature is pretty loud , but worth it because of the ease and quickness of shaving . I recommend for anyone who has to help others shave .
 I 've used a Norelco for years , and I must admit I was pretty nervous about switching from the rotatory style blades . While at first I had mixed feelings about the Braun , it 's grown on me quite a bit and I 'm quite satisfied . I 've had the shaver for four months now , so I believe I can give a good overview of its performance.First off , I hate to shave more than a few times a week and my hair grows thick . With my Norelco , if I shaved daily it left horrible razor burn . If I shaved with some growth , I literally had to use the trimmer on my face first , then the regular blades . The Norelco was n't capable of cutting a few days growth without pulling hard . Neither of these are a problem with the Braun . The Braun does a fairly impressive job with quick shaves and can easily power through 3-4 days growth without a problem . It 's very comfortable to use with minimal irritation.I do , however , have a few issues with the Braun . First , the shave is n't exactly as close as others seem to be experiencing . Perhaps it 's my thick hair , but even after a thorough shave I still have a bit of a shadow on the face . This bugged me at first , but I 've got used to it . If you want a completely smooth shave , this may not be good enough . I honestly do n't know if this is anything I should be blaming on the blade though , and it 's improved over time.My second complaint is that to get thorough shave on the neck , it will take several passes . At first it may seem impossible , but once you get used to the shaver both growth and usage , it 'll get easier . It takes a bit more care and effort that it probably should , but the irritation is so much lower -LRB- sometimes none -RRB- that I honestly do n't mind . It will get the job done , if given a chance.Despite these two quite valid complaints , the pros far outweigh the cons for me . The shaver is sleek , effective , and powerful . I love the built in trimmer blade , the way the cord can be plugged into the shaver itself , and especially the self cleaning system . Despite claims of running out quickly and evaporation here on Amazon.com , my experience has been great . With my infrequent shaving , the carts last me well past the 60 days suggested in the instruction manual . I can usually get a good 75 or so days from each cart , and the carts themselves are very cheap .
 I 've been using various rotary and micro-screen shavers by Norelco , Braun , and Remington for nearly twenty years , but the Braun 8585 is by far the best one I 've ever used . I ca n't believe I get such an amazingly close shave with it with absolutely no skiin irritation . Plus , the self-cleaning system work great . It really does feel like a brand new shaver every time I use it . I hope this thing lasts forever , because I can not imagine ever wanting to use a different shaver .
 I have had Braun shavers all my life and this is the best they have ever made . The new foil system gives an incredibly close shave . And , the new cleaning and charging system is a significant upgrade from their previous models . I highly recommend this shaver .
 Because my skin is sensitive , shaving with a blade causes a lot of irritation . So I was forced to go with an electric shaver . I had been using one of Norelco 's better shavers in the 8000 series and it did an all right job . I thought that was the best that an electric razor could do at a reasonable price.I was wrong . The Braun 8585 shaves much closer . As far as I 'm concerned , as close as a blade . I am simply amazed . It does n't charge as quickly as the Norelco and it is not as easy to clean manually as the Norelco . But with the Clean and charge unit , these issues are moot . Of course , there is the extra expense of buying replacement solution for the clean and charge unit . But this is a minor issue given how good a shave I get.Money well spent . Does anyone want a good deal on a top of the line Norelco?POSTSCRIPT
 Excellent machine makes the move from a blade easy . I 'm happy to be done with hot water , soap and shaving cream . . and those painful late in the day shaves needed to clean up a 5 o'clock shadow.A super clean blade shave was great done every other day but sometimes two a day were needed and that was too painful and time consuming . This shaver makes it easy to touch up an evening shadow without hacking up your skin.First shave out of the box was great .
 Just got this razor for Christmas . Have been using a Norelco for about 10 years and it was a good razor , but this shaver gives me alot closer shave . Does n't take as long to shave and my face feels as good as a blade . As mentioned in earlier posts the cleaning system may be a little over the top but it would n't keep me from owning this razor .
 I have used the 8585 for over a month now . I have a heavy beard and have owned Braun 's 4000 and 7000 series shavers . I find the 8585 the best shavers I have used so far . The shave is closer and requires relatively fewer strokes across my face.The shaver is lighter than the 7000 series and a bit narrower . It is easy to hold and maneuver.What I like best : - by using the base unit which holds the razor , the razor is always at peak battery potential which means you get the best power possible out of the razor - similarly , the cleaning system keeps the razor free of beard stubble which means there is no/little if any beard stubble that falls into the sink that I have to clean up , and the cutting edge remains as sharp as possible - the self-cleaning system is very easy to use . In the descriptions of other reviews it was never really clear how it could work . Yes , the system determines somehow the level of stubble build-up automatically , and yes , sometimes I wonder how accurate it is but the real value is that this monitoring function is just that . The system does not initiate its own cleaning . The user does which means that I do n't have to clean the razor everyday . I activiate the cleaning cycle via the push button on the base once every other day . That means I will only need six cleaning cartridges per year , not 12 if you cleaned everyday . I find cleaning every other day is perfect.What I do not like : - Just as the manual states , the cleaning function does not work efficiently if you use a preshave . I had been using a preshave . The cleaning system was not able to do a thorough job cleaning . Of course , I did not understand why until I read the manual . So I stopped using a preshave and it took a week or so for me to get used to not using a preshave and now I am content without.What I disagree with : - the manual says it is strongly recommended that you shave prior to showering or washing your face . I totally disagree . I have tried not washing with soap and hand towel and my shave was awful . I shower and wash my face prior to shaving . I make sure I wait a few seconds to make sure my face is dry after using a towel .
 This is easily the best electric razor there is . I have super sensitive skin and can use it daily without any irritation.The only negative would be that the cleaning cycle is a bit loud , but after only 3 days im already used to it.If you want a really close shave and almost no iritation this is the razor for you .
 I have been in search of the `` perfect '' electric shaver for many years . After hearing my constant complaints about various brands and models , my wife bought me this shaver for Christmas . I have used various electric shavers from Panasonic , Norelco , and Remington with mostly disappointing results . This is my first Braun . I have heard great things about their products and I must admit that I am quite impressed . Though this shaver does not shave quite as close as my Remington foil shaver -LRB- which just died after barely a year -RRB- , it however does shave with absolutely no razor burn or cuts . This really blew me away because I have extremely sensitive skin and could never shave with a dry shaver without intense razor burn . I always bought wet/dry models so I could continue shaving with cream as a means to reduce razor burn . Not only can I now shave dry but I can do so without any cuts , which is another first . The foil is so easy on my skin that I can shave twice a day and I do n't need to use cooling aftershave lotion anymore.As with all the electric shavers I have used in the past , this one struggles with neck hair . It does a reasonable job but I still have to follow up with a blade to get the hairs it ca n't cut . Because this is a dry shaver , it takes a bit longer for me to get a close shave but it is less messy which is nice.This shaver is rather quiet compared to some and has a fair amount of power . I have a very thick beard that grows very quickly and this shaver mows right through it . Unfortunately I am cursed with a perpetual 5 o'clock shadow so even though my face is smooth to the touch it still looks as if it needs shaving.Though this shaver does not produce the closest shave I 've ever had with an electric shaver , it is the most comfortable and bloodless I 've ever had . I ca n't give it 5 stars because its not `` perfect '' but then again there might not be such a thing .
 I hope the Activator 8585 is available for consumers , since the quality is extremely good.In some respects it is like the SYNCRO models , but most of the functions have been greatly improved . The key change is the loss of the stem that many people have had issues with
 Cleans , and shaves great . It travel 's well . It is a great shaving system .
 The machine and the cleaner sistem is perfect , i 'm very happy with this product
 I have used a number of different electric razors and this is the best . The charger cleaner is a great idea but stock up on the refills .
 The razor is I think one of the best , my boyfriend really really likes it . I would recommend this product for the men in your life .
 I was skeptical about spending this much for a shaver , but I have been sufficiently unhappy with previous cheaper shavers that I took the plunge . Let me just say , I LOVE this shaver . It is fast , very comfortable and gives a GREAT shave . I plan on buying a second one for my vacation home , I like it that much .
 I first bought this when i realized spending $ 20 a month an razor blades for my mach3 was a little bit too much . I was leary about electric razors since i have EXTREMELY sensitive skin . I would recomend this product to anyone . The shave is just as close as a razor , none of that shaving twice a day like other cheaper electrics . The only caution i would give is that Braun says that it may take two weeks for your skin to get used to the razor . This was true for me , so do n't be shocked if you are irrated during the first week . For me , that went away after about 10 days .
 I have tried several electric shavers thought the years and none have given me a close shave because my facial hair grows in all different directions.I have bought brand after brand of blade and shave cream but no matter what brand I bought , I cut my face several times a month just to get that close shave.Well , the Braun 8585 WORKS ! Not quite as close as a blade but 98 % as close . No more cuts , no more expensive blades ! The self cleaning system keeps it working smoothly from shave to shave.Sure , there are other electric shavers that are cheaper but with those , you get what you pay for ; a cheap shave . The Braun was worth every penny because IT WORKS!This FORMER blade user is extremely happy and very satsfied with his purchase . You will be too .
 You know , its not often I can say something is fantastic and I 'm more than pleased . I 've had Brauns & Philips only because they 're made in Europe -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB- . I prefer German or Japanese products due to their consistent quality and performance.This razor is phenomenal ! It shaves right down to the skin and gets all those pesky off-side ones , too , within a couple passes.You truly get what you pay for many times -LRB- not always though -RRB- and this razor I got what I paid for . I was considering a Remington Titanium before but something about the concentration on the `` titanium '' threw me off . Then the reviews on it too.This shazer is made in Germany . Not by slave labour workers in some no-name factory , i.e. German quality & precision . It cleans itself perfectly and is self-maintaining . Incidentally , my last Braun lasted for 10 years and was made in Germany . What does that tell you ? How many cars last that long without any problems ? My 16 + nephew is now using it , maybe it 'll last another 10 years . Buy Braun or Philips , but this one is by far the best I 've had . Very pleased .
 I purchased this shaver the beginning of Dec 2004 and am quite pleased with using the shaver but I did have a major problem with the cleaning stand that required a warantee repair/replacement of the cleaning stand just 6 months after my purchase . Yes it did give me a very close shave with less strokes and less irritation then other electric shavers I had though its not exactly as close as you can get with a blade . I do have problems in the neck area getting a close shave as others mentioned but I always had to work harder with that area with any shaver I used . I have a slim/thin neck area with a lot of steep angles that 's hard to shave . If you have a more round neck area with less angles you probably not have the same problem . I could get a slightly closer shave using a blade though I would also have more irritation to get that closer shave , so there is a trade off . The shave I get from this razor is good enough and without the irritation so I am satisfied.One thing to note is to NEVER try to clean this razor or inside cleaning stand with WATER . Only use the cleaning brush they provide or a towel because it could damage the razor . I also would n't try to use a different cleaning fluid as other said they did to avoid having to buy the replacement cartridges because it could easily damage this razor and the cleaning stand.As for the cleaning stand , the pump suddenly would n't pump the cleaning fluid into the unit with enough pressure to clean properly after just 6 months . Since it was under warrantee , I brought it to one of the Braun authorized repair shops in my area for repair instead of mailing it directly to Braun and I had a horror story trying to get it repaired ! The repair shop said it could take about 2 weeks or so to get repaired . Well after 3 weeks I called the repair shop and they said the unit could not be repaired and he already order a new cleaning stand unit over a week ago and he was still waiting for it to come in . I called up Braun customer service and they said they have to give the repair shop 30 days to fix the item before they will even look into it further . Well after 30 days the repair shop still did n't get the replacement unit and I called Braun customer service again . The Braun customer service rep. went back and fourth calling the repair shop a few times until the Braun Customer Service Representative finally decided to order another cleaning stand for me and mail it directly to me which they said would take another 7 to 10 business days and not to bother calling the authorized repair shop anymore . 10 business days later I called Braun customer service to check on the status and they told me the replacement cleaning stand is now on BACKORDER with no estimated time of delivery and nothing could be done to expedite it and they could not offer me any other assistance . Well 2 days later the replacement cleaning stand finally arrived which goes to show the Braun customer service rep had no clue what was going on with my replacement order . This whole experience shows how much of a hassle you might have if you need to have this Braun razor repaired under warrantee . I actually called Braun customer service again and asked them if I could of had better or faster repair service if I mailed the part directly to Braun instead of taking it to the authorized Braun repair shop . They told me it would of taken at least a week longer if I mailed it directly to Braun because after they receive the item in the mail they automatically mail it to another location to get it repaired which takes at least week or more . I am happy with this razor but good luck if you need warrantee work . I also have some concerns with the quality of the cleaning stand because it broke so quickly and if I will have the same problem with it again in the future .
 I have been a lifelong blade shaver - my most recent setup was a Mach 3 , plus the excellent `` King of Shaves '' shave gel . But the hassle of blade shaving started to bug me after the birth of our second child as I started looking for ways to streamline my morning routine , and I decided to give an electric a try . After reading a lot of different reviews , I chose this Braun . I 've been using it for little over a month.The good : It 's capable of delivering a very close shave -LRB- if you take the time ... see below -RRB- . Better yet , nicks are very rare , and nowhere near as long-bleeding as those from a blade . It 's great to just put down the shaver and be done - no rinsing , no wiping up all the water that ends up splashing on the sink , etc. . . There 's no shaving cream to run out of ! The cleaning feature is superlative - it cleans itself better than I possibly could , and the lemon scent is nice.The bad : I 'm not sure it is saving me much time . If I 'm very careful , and pass over each spot a dozen times , I can get a shave that comes close to my blade . It 's much easier to miss spots than it was with blade shaving , and I find myself having to run my hand ahead of the blade to `` pick up '' the hairs so they 'll be shaved.However , I 'm keeping it - I think it 's as good as an electric likly gets , and I 've found that I do n't need a `` perfect shave '' every day . When I hurried a blade shave , I would end up with a bloody face . A few rough patches are a fine tradeoff as far as I 'm concerned , and it 's nothing you can see.For the special occasions where I really want a close shave , I can take the time and get something approaching what a blade could do . I can even shave twice in one day - maybe a morning quickie , and a more careful shave before `` date night '' when I can take the time . That 's inconceivable with a blade , at least with my skin.I know some folks are bugged by the cleaning solution thing . I 'm convinced that the bulk of the cleaning fluid loss occurs not during cleaning , but through evaporation during periods of non-use ... the system is not sealed tightly . I think that unless you have a very thick , fast-growing beard , you can get by just cleaning weekly , and removing and recapping the cleaning fluid container between cleanings . This would likely extend the cartridge lifetime significantly - I 've read reports of people using them for a year.But I would n't go nearly that long . During cleaning , the fluid is pumped up to the shave head for cleaning , and them runs back down into the container . In other words , it is reused , and the shaved beard hairs settle to the bottom of the container and are disposed of when you replace it . But hair is n't the only thing that comes off your face - there are facial oils too , and I have to think that the fluid itself would get funky if you went too long without replacing it . I have a very oily face , so I plan to replace cartridges pretty much according to the normal schedule.In summary - as a recent convert to electric shaving , I 've been pleased overall . It has required some adjustment , but for my lifestyle right now it 's a good match , and I would certainly recommend this model to anyone contemplating the same change . * UPDATE *
 I got this shaver 3-4 months ago and would have to say that i am pretty happy with it . It does not get as close as a razor , but it does shave pretty close to it , but the difference is , with this shaver as compared to a razor -LRB- mach 3 -RRB- i can shave against the grain under my chin and not get and razor bumps or burns . Thats what i love about this shaver . Some people complain about having to buy the cleaning solution every two months and for such and such a price , but if you do things correctly it will last longer , and the price is about the same as if you were to buy replacement razor cartidges , so i do n't see why they complain . It does take a couple weeks for you and your face to get used to the razor , but that just means that the shave wo n't be as close as it can be the first week or two . Once you learn how to use it , it works excellently . You have to shave against the grain , and it helps if you pull your skin tight with your free hand , and try and move it and your face so that the surface of the skin your shaving is flat . It also shaves a lot quicker than a razor , it only takes me 5 minutes to shave my whole face with this , whereas a razor would take me about 10 . Overall , i 'd say great performance and a great buy !
 The Braun 8585 is the best electric shaver I 've used - including the Braun shaver I had in college . It has the usual drawback of an electric shaver - the shave just is n't as close or smooth as a blade . However , for someone like me with very sensitive skin , it works well.I 've gone back and forth between electric shavers and razors since I started shaving . Even using expensive products -LRB- the Art of Shaving , Aramis Lab Series and Anthony Sport -RRB- , I have problems with my skin when using a blade . With the Braun 8585 , I have had none of those problems . Timewise , I think it is about the same as a blade.The self cleaning system is pretty cool but it 's very noisy -LRB- scares the cat every time I use it -RRB- and buying the additional cleaning cartridges and head is a little pricy but not unmanageable . The shaver holds a charge and travels well . If you 're after an electric shaver , this is the one to get , but keep your razor and shaving lotion for times when you need that extra close , extra smooth shave .
 My husband has very thick facial hair that likes to grow at unusual angles and up to three -LRB- 3 -RRB- hairs per pore . When he shaves he looks like he is shaving off skin because he has to press so hard . He had to wait three -LRB- 3 -RRB- days between shaves just so he could let his skin heal.I read rave reviews of the Braun 8585 , so I decided to order it for my husband for Christmas . So far , it has been wonderful.Before the Braun , he had a 3-razor shaving process
 Speaking as someone who has been shaving for 20 + years , primarily with blade over electric -LRB- Gillette Mach 3 for last few years -RRB- , I can honestly say the Braun 8585 is the best shave I 've ever had . As we all know traditional razor blade replacement prices have been going through the roof for years , and for guys like me with tough beards the blade itself only gives you about a week or two worth of good shaves . Due to my skin type , I was only able to shave every other day in order to avoid serious skin irritation . Now , with the Braun 8585 , I shave every day , no irritation , and as close as I ever got with traditional razors . I 've only been using it for about three weeks -LRB- what they say is your average adjustment period -RRB- , but I feel the shaves have been great since day one . It 's definitely one of the best looking electric razors I 've seen , and it 's self cleaning feature is a great extra . Cleans and recharges at the same time , in the same base . Overall , I 'd say it 's well worth the money and I 'll never go back to blades .
 I have been using a blade razor since I started shaving at 16 some 25 years ago . I had always heard electric razors burn your face and do n't give a decent shave no matter the brand or type of electric razor you used . This may or may not be true of past electric razors , but I 'm hear to tell you this Braun Activator 8585 is one fantastic razor . Now I 'm not going to say the shave is as close as my old Mach 3 is , but it is pretty darn close . I have found that my face is actually less irritated with the Braun than when shaving with a blade , all with out having to clean up the shaving gel and stubble from the bathroom sink . I can honestly say I will not be returning to a razor blade again . I am officially a Braun 8585 Activator man !
 I 've try many different razor , however , this is the razor that does n't give me any pain while shaving . I will recommend this shaver to guys with sensitive skins . Also the self-cleaning mechanism is a great add-on as well .
 The Braun 8585 Activator is one of the best shavers I have ever used . It has a self cleaning system where you just place the shaver on the stand and connect that to the power outlet . After that , hit the cleaning button and self cleaning has BEGUN for about 45 minutes . Never EVER worry about cleaning this shaver yourself b/c it does it all for you . The LCD display shows how much power you have and how clean the shaver is . You can even connect the power directly to the shaver and use it . The shaver comes with a plastic case for storage and a small brush to clean . 5/5 stars and I would recommend this shaver to anyone looking for a clean and comfortable shave !
 Easy on the face and easy to maintain . Self cleaning system is a dream come true . No more taking apart cutters and using little brushes to clean away the hair . Gives a nice close shave . Very satisfied with this purchase . A loyal Norelco user now using Braun .
 The Braun 8585 is simply the best electric shaver I have ever used . With the newly designed foil , the time and effort to shave has been reduced by 50 % . The closeness of my shaves have never been better , but this is still not the foremost reason I recommend the Braun 8585 . The razor burn on my neck is nonexistent . This is a first , and I have been using the most exspensive electric shavers for over 10 years . Braun has finally designed an electric shaver with all the features that truly matter and work effectively .
 I bought this razor to replace my Norelco . It shaves much closer than the Norelco , and is very comparable to a blade . The shape of the head also allows me to shave under my chin , which was next to impossible with the Norelco . Highly recommended .
 November 2010 update ... even though the product is discontinued.I 've had this razor over 5 years now and it 's still going strong . I like it now ... I had some trouble with replacement blades recently but using blades from the 7000 series of razors made the 8585 work like new again , even better than new judging from my original review . The razor still holds a good charge and the cleaner keeps it nice and fresh.In retrospect this has been a good purchase ... it 's certainly lasted longer than any other razor I 've owned and it shows no sign of quitting ! ***** I bought this razor in September 2005 . Prior to that I used various Norelco triple head razors over the years . When my last Norelco died I thought I 'd try something else , lured by the prospect of easy cleaning and a $ 50 promotion.Here 's what I 've learned about this razor after 8 + months of using this 5-6 times a week : - I 've never had an electric razor cut me before , but every once in a while I somehow nick myself , usually my adam 's apple . - The shaving experience with the razor is a bit harsh and sometimes leaves my face tender . Just today I had to skip shaving because a small area of my face was irritated from shaving yesterday and had broken out . - It takes longer to shave with this razor . Often I have to rotate the razor in my hand to pick up a stray whisker . I never had to do that with the Norelco , perhaps because the rotating blades approach the whiskers from different angles . - The razor shaves reasonably close . It 's not closer than the Norelco and on some areas of my face -LRB- underneath my jawbone -RRB- it only does a so-so job . - The cleaning feature is great . It 's nice to have a clean-smelling razor every few days . I 've found one solution cartridge lasts 3 months -LRB- I replaced it in December and in March -RRB- . I only clean the razor when the `` normal '' light is on , not `` eco '' . I opened the razor after a cleaning cycle and the inside was spotless . - The LEDs on the cleaning/recharching station and razor are very bright ! My cleaning/recharging station sits on the vanity in our bedroom , not in the bathroom itself . It 's like having a little night light in the corner of the room . Once you find a spot do n't move it . The solution spills easily . - Yes , as others have said , the razor is loud . - The travel case is nice , but it only holds the razor and a cleaning brush.As I said earlier , I 've used electric razors for years , mostly Norelco but this Braun for the last 8 months . If I had to do it again I would n't buy this razor ; I would stick with a Norelco . In fact , I came to Amazon today to price Norelcos . Even though my Braun is fairly new I 'm tired of my face getting abused . The razor gets two stars , plus a star for the cleaning unit .
 I 'm admittedly only one person , but as a user of a rotary razor , and a recent purchaser of this Braun , I thought my experience may be useful.The Braun actually does provide a very close shave , but it takes more time than the Norelco I 'd been using . Additionally , it 's not as good on the neck hairs and other challenging spots.The Norelco is really , really fast , for five shaves after you clean it . Then it begins to stumble over each additional hair , and after two weeks of non-cleaning , it almost ca n't handle it.And this was the part I could n't stand , cleaning the Norelco every two weeks . Looking back , I 'm not sure which to pick . The Norelco is great , but requires lots of maintenance . The Braun is a much closer shave , but takes much more time to shave . It 's a question of balancing your laziness . Do you want to clean the thing every single week ? If so , go with a rotary . If not , and I think I 'm leaning towards this camp , I 'd stick with the Braun . It takes more time every shave , but not cleaning it is a blessing I ca n't fully describe .
 I enjoy shaving my head along with my face , it keeps me feeling clean and cool . My standard shaver would sometimes leave my scalp feeling irritated , but the Braun 8585 gives almost as close a shave as a standard razor without the irritation . So I can shave everyday without discomfort . Could n't be without it .
 The razor is clearly the best I 've ever experienced in terms of ease and closeness of shave . Only problem is that it is very difficult to find stores in my area that have a supply of the cleaning fluid .
 I had owned the previous version of this razor and was very happy with it . The 8585 has a number of small improvements that make it even better -- thing like a hardsided travel case , easier to read pedestal stand , etc. . And , it still gives an excellent shave .
 For years I used Norelco shavers and became unsatisfied with them when I could no longer get a good clean shave on my neck . The new Braun is doing much better , although the attached papers indicated it might take a few weeks to adapt to the new shaving heads . I 'm quite pleased , I get a good clean shave , the machine is easy to clean and maintain , and quiet . What more could one ask ?
 I 've been using the Brauan 8585 for over a week now , and I 'm very impressed . It comes as close to a blade shave as you can get.The cleaning system is a winner . No more messy fuzz to clean up ; no more gunk in the sink . You just put the shaver in the holder , and it cleans itself .
 I 've used electric shavers all my life . I 've never been comfortable using a blade because I always ended up with more knicks & cuts then it was worth . Part of the problem is that I have a very fine beard , especially in the neck area . This results in a lot of ` scragglers ' that were almost impossible to get with an electric razor . But after using this razer since Christmas , I have to admit that I LOVE THIS THING ! It 's given me a closer shave then I 've ever gotten from any other electric razer -LRB- and I 've tried cheaper Brauns , Norelco 's , Panasonic , etc -RRB- . It picks up the scragglers and leaves everything smooth as silk . The automatic cleaning system also kick @ss . Just put it into the dock and let it do it 's thing . 30 minutes later , it comes out fresh and ready to go again . No more hassling with brushes and periodic cleaning . -LRB- Hint
 the 8585 shaver is not only one of the best shavers i have ever used , it is so easy to maintain . I love this product .
 My 12 - 15 year old Braun needed to be replaced , so I tried this one . Very Happy with it , feels great , the cleaner is cool . Some have expressed concern about the cleaner fluid evaporating . I only clean my razor when it needs to be charged -LRB- which is a huge jump from never -RRB- , and I remove the fluid and re-cap it to make it last longer , seems to work .
 I have the most sensative face and hard to cut/heavy beard of any person I 've ever met . For me to shave every day means tons of blood and a face that feels like a gun shot wound . With that said this shavor is great ! I have had it for apx . two weeks and have shaved almost everyday with it , no pain or blood . It took several shaves to get my face use to it but now I 'm getting a almost perfect shave.I still have a few left hairs and slight roughness on my neck but for my beard I think that 's great.I love the way this thing is self cleaning/charging . I drop it in and go!The razor really does seem brand new everytime you use it.I 've used the Norelco with the `` GOOO '' before and had to go back to the blade , lousey shave.I never thought I 'd be able to use a dry shavor ? read the reviews on here and thought what the heck , glad I did.I ca n't imagine a face that this thing could n't shave ?? Since my beard is really bad I get the best results from shaving everyday.But I have gone a couple of days and my beard still does n't look to bad.I also use the Afta pre-shave to help with my thick beard.I know you 'll like this razor !!!
 The shaver is expensive but the system does work . The first cleaning cartridge lasted over 5 months , using it every 2 to 3 days on average . No evaporation loss that I could tell . You can add a small amount of alcohol to extend it but I am not sure that is within warrantee , etc. . I did shake the shaver blade out before using the cleaner , so that keep the fluid clean and fresh . However , when I finished the cartridge there was a very fine screen on the intake side so it may not have been necessary . One thing to note is that you can not take this on a plane - even if you check luggage.I am sensitive to smells , but the lemon scent was not a problem even though I could smell it when the freshly cleaned razor was right under my nose . I have a hard face to cut and , as I am getting older , it gets harder to do a good job . This razor is a good compromise . Safe and close but not as good as a blade . It does have a problem with longer hairs on my neck . You need to keep the skin very tight to get a close shave and do it every day . The battery is very long lasting and I do n't need to travel with the cord for a 4 or 5 day trip .
 After 30 years of shaving with a blade , I have finally found an electric razor that works good enough to abandon the blade . I have been using this for over two years now and I am very pleased with the results -LRB- so is my wife ! -RRB- As long as I use it everyday , or maybe skip one day once in a while , it works great . After a vacation from shaving , I need to get out the blade again or go to a barbershop .
 I went from a rotary norelco that tore my neck apart to a braun freeglider with the lotion to this activator . It 's much lighter and more powerful than the freeglider . I use it to not only shave my face but head as well . I 've never put a blade to my head and with this shaver I have no desire to.I 've had the unit since may06 . Put it in the cleaner base about once a week . Otherwise I 'd brush it off throughly . One cleaning cartridge lasted 5 months . I just picked up some cutter blocks . They say 18 months but I shave twice as much area.I 'd say I have sideways growing neck hair . The activator does much better at picking those up than the freeglider did . The shave is fairly quick . I suppose 5-8 minutes for the face and head . It is necessary to go over most areas more than once . This does n't bother me since I have experienced very little irritation.I 'm impressed with the lasting power . It runs strongly up until about 30 seconds before it completely dies . The freeglider noticeably degraded and ran at a lull for quite some time before it completely died . Since I run a week before I charge/clean the base always selects the intensive setting . The cleaning setting is directly related to the battery level . Low battery life equals intensive clean . No complaints about the cleaning process . It does a great job of conditioning the cutter .
 especially if you need to shave often you will never fill sory , it is not that just becouse i 'm using it but also my other two friends that they having it !
 My husband uses this every day ! He thinks this was money well spent ! Would recommend !!!
 It seems to be everything I hoped for in a shaving instrument .
 This product was delivered promptly and was exactly as described . I have had to delay taking it because after ordering , I read on another internet source that guggul gum -LRB- one of the two main ingredients in this supplement -RRB- should not be taken by those on prescription cholesterol lowering drugs . I am on Lipitor and was warned that guggul , however effective it might be on its own , will at certain dosages reduce or negate the efficacy of the statin drugs . There was no warning about this at all on this company 's website -LRB- or on many others I visited -RRB- , so I felt inclined to submit this review .
 i purchased this item and it really works . i 've tried the brands of b-12 that they sell at the grocery store and they do n't work at all . However , this is amazing . My doctor even sells it at his office .
 With the included remedies costing about $ 2 each , you ca n't go wrong . As far as the case , I did n't mind inserting my own remedies , alphabatizing them , etc. . But it has all those single-dose slots that reduce the amount of real remedies it can hold , and all in all , it just does n't quite do the trick.Don ' t get me wrong -- I have this on a subscription order and order these for friends and family all the time . By far the most economical way to start a homeopathic collection.Just wish I knew a great way to store remedies ...
 I brought this kit after a recommendation from my chiropractor . I had been using homeopathy to help get my son over a fever and sinus infection and had used oscillococcinum to treat the flu in my boyfriend , with great success . I wanted to save money and late night trips to whole foods so decided to purchase this kit . I 'm very happy with it !
 Big Pharma hates homeopathy because the remedies ca n't be patented and they actually do help people get well.Example
 Great Kit , excellant variety , and I love the case it holds all the rememdies and has spaces for extra 's . Definitly worth the money !!!
 I just bought this and am impressed with the price . I have used Borion products before and they WORK . I do not have health insurance and have to be my own doctor . I find these save me lots of $ $ $ as they work for most symptoms . I like the one for hot flashes it works ! The price is very good as just one treatment costs around $ 6.00 each plus you get this nice storage case too .
 This kit has most of the frequently indicated remedies for acute problems . Plus it has several doses of Osillococcunum , about which I had never heard before ; tried it recently at the beginning of a sore throat but it did not help much ; a more specific remedy that matches symptoms has a much better chance at prevention/cure , which was Belladona in my case . The box is great ; it is compact , sturdy and well-designed . The 32 or so remedies plus the several doses of osillo fit in the top 2 drawers , leaving the bottom one for additional remedies . The cost per remedy is much lower than if one was to buy all the included remedies separately .
 I own this product , I use it often , it 's a wonderful product and well worth the money ! I think that the other review stating that the box comes empty is mistaken or being purposely misleading .
 This is a must for every home , especially since it takes so long to get in to see a doctor and the cost of insurance is so outrageous . Read up on homeopathics and protect yourself and your family .
 See the one bottle comments LOLThe total treatment takes 30 days ; one bottle is a 15 day supply.I rated this 5 stars based on the Edgar Casey Institute . If you take the product you may not feel any different as you may not have parasites or they may not be severe in you !
 I take alot of meds , vitamins and try supplements . I got a free bottle of this stuff over the phone listeng to the radio for postage alone . My Cholestoral usually runs around 240 , all of the time , I got blood work done after I stopped taking the gelcaps and my cholestoral went from 240 to 175 !!!! Never been that Low , tried a couple of cheaper ones , but they upset my stomach and left a fishy taste . Plus these cost a total of 50 dollars plus about 9 bucks S and H @ Iceland Health for 30 gelcaps , browsing thru here , found a bottle for 24 plus 6 bucks for shipping , that is half price , ordered right away . Hey , I felt better too , helped my arhtritis .
 I have been using it for a long time with good results . I will continue buying it .
 Very good product . I have used it for a while now and find it does help my joints .
 These batteries are very durable in my experience , and I highly endorse them for any job . This 36 pack is a great bargain if you can get it . Amazon is normally very reliable , but I have had trouble getting this item , as it seems to go out of stock frequently . If it 's available , go for it
 Purchased this replacement instead of buying a new shaver . Works just like brand new ! What a great deal ! Do n't waste your money on an expensive new shaver when this replacement kit will do the trick - terrific value .
 No problems with ordering of receipt of merchandise . Everything went smoothly . It 's a shame the retail stores often do n't carry replacement heads for the shavers they sell but at least the internet is available for those of us not in a big city .
 The new heads for my razor worked great . It fit perfect and makes the razor like brand new again .
 If you have a Braun shaver - you know it 's an excellent product . Unfortunately the cutter blades and screens just do not last forever . If you 've got a tough beard like I do , you 'll eventually need to replace both -LRB- or purchase another shaver -RRB- . Do n't buy another shaver , get the OEM replacement blade and screen product - it WILL restore the performance of your shaver ! Just make sure you match your shaver 's model number with the foil/cutter combo . This product shipped quickly and was well priced . Recommended .
 The Braun Foils were the best price on the internet and shipped very quickly . I would recommend to anyone .
 Amazon did great at proividing the product tht could not be purchased locally . Price was great and the service simple and excellant .
 We 've had this razor for a couple years and it does a great job . We 've been changing the blades once a year but decided recently that every six months would make for a better shave . This Braun is the best electric razor we 've owned so far .
 Amazon allowed me to get exactly the item I was looking for without having to leave home . So I paid a bit more for shipping , but it was convenience that mattered . I would have no idea where to have found a Braun Shaver foil and cutter refill otherwise .
 Silly to read this . It makes your shaver good as new . You either like it or you dont .
 I got this item for $ 24.10 A lot better than buying it directly from Braun.It pays to shop around .
 Please do not confuse this product , as Amazon reviewers have done , with the Jason 6-in-1 Shaving Lotion ; its not the same although the 8 oz bottle is similiar . . The Jason 6-in-1 Beard & Skin Therapy , After Shave , is a very pleasant after shave , natural and organic , alcohol-free , which soothes redness and irritation . The only problem is that its hard to locate and buy from many of the popular on-line retailers . It goes a long way since you can , as the bottle indicates , add a few drops of cold water before applying to the face . I highly recommend this product .
 this product does not foam up , but has an exfoliator , is organic which is a bonus , does n't take much to cover to be shaved . at first i did n't think it was good , but after using it , i love it . if you want something foaming , do n't get it .
 Picked up this product to give it a try . The directions say to apply product and shave as normal . Shaving as normal to me means applying a shave cream and using a razor . When using it this way , it works great .
 Works great , leaves skin soft , I love the little jojoba beads ! You do n't need to use very much either , seems like the bottle will last .
 Bought this for a Christmas gift for my nephew and he says he likes it . So I take that it is a good product
 Once my husband had tried this , he made me go back to the store and buy out the supply just in case the product disappeared from our area . Well years later it is still around and we are now buying it Amazon ! He used to always cut himself using other shaving creams . I guess there is something about the jojoba beads ?
 This is a Professional Grade Machine . I purchased four ; one for each member of my family . We have used these machines after every workout 3 times a week for 4 years . The machines have been flawless . The Variable Speed Machine has more power than the Single Speed and is worth the extra expense .
 We have had our Jeanie Rub for about 3 years , and do n't know how we lived without it all these years ! It has a large , soft bottom and variable speed . It 's heavy to hold , but helps apply additional pressure on the back or any other body part -LRB- except the head -RRB- you want to use it on . We use it at highest speed with a lot of pressure , generally in the upper back area , for about 5 minutes , then stretch each other 's back and can usually pressure the spine into place the way a chiropractor does -- although we do not recommend it for others , if you do n't know what you 're doing ! Note than the more pressure you apply to the Jeanie Rub , the lower the speed gets ; however , it does n't reduce the effectiveness , the motor does n't get hot , and this has been an extremely reliable product . The price -LRB- about $ 180 at the time -RRB- was a steal . We do n't remember the vendor , but do recall that we found him/her to be most reliable . We would n't hesitate to get another if/when this wears out , and from the same vendor .
 The first thing you think about when you take the Jeanie Rub out of the box is how well constructed it is . It feels like its made of high quality parts , not cheap plastic like most other massagers.The Jeanie Rub performs remarkably well , placing it on a troubled area for a few minutes is all it takes . My only complaint about it is how large the surface area of the massager is . Because of this , you ca n't really pin point a specific area of the body . You can adjust the intensity as a workaround , but its really not ideal . Overall , very happy with the purchase .
 this is a good product but not as powerful as its predecessor , the Mar-Fam Massager . Still , one of the best aruond .
 This was the second time I 've purchased this product . This one was as a gift . I have used the Jeanie Rub for years ... it is a wonderful machine . It is a heavy duty machine .
 This massager is the best one I ve EVER used !!! Weekly doing spa in my room and it woks just as the sellers ' description !!
 This product is a life extender . Whether you have \ health issues or just want to maintain excellenthealth , this massager is the way to go . Love it !
 I gave this as a gift and they have been completely in love with this thing . They have had no problems with it . So I ca n't complain .
 In a nutshell : LoudStrong vibration -LRB- some say it makes them feel itchy -RRB- DurableCan use the edges -LRB- on the ends -RRB- for more focused massageDo n't get long hair too close to under the handles or hair can get caught -LRB- if it has n't been redesigned -RRB- * Other uses * Always ends in an Aaaaaah that was nice !
 The best machine for an excellent massage , really does what the producer says , I enjoy it every time .
 I recently received both the single speed and variable speed Jeanie Rub massagers and am incredibly thrilled with the results ! This product is a powerful tool to break up muscle tension throughout the entire body . The variable speed model is helpful because as one moves over the body it is nice to increase and decrease the intensity of the oscillation . I would recommend this product as best utilized when someone else is using it upon you and would be a great addition for professional body workers . It is well designed , for professional or home use , with a sturdy double grip for controlled movement and a smooth surface that works well over clothing or directly upon the skin . The company , AllAboutMassagers , sent the package immediately and it arrived in perfect condition . I would definitely order with confidence again in the future and highly recommend this product .
 I am a massage therapist and I find the Jeanie Rub to be a deep and powerful tool for working out stubborn and chronically tight areas on my body . It 's more effective when used by someone else upon you , but it is very easy to operate and so nearly anyone could use it . The included foot massage accessory makes it easy to use as a foot massager too ! Great value , especially for a professional grade massager that I 'd be proud to use on my clients .
 This product is a first choice of massagers anytime . It offers a soothing massage `` xtre-action '' to relax muscles , reduce stress and stimulate circulation . I am developing some techniques to give me more relaxing , therapeutic massage in the privacy of my own nest . I strongly recommend this product if you have the urge to get in tune your muscles.A most have this massager !
 I ca n't stop using this massager . I was going to get the single speed but I 'm SO glad I did not . I use it on my knees , my calves and my arms mostly ... oh yeah and on my brothers , sister-in-laws and all their kids ... I ca n't seem to find any time now , since they 've all had a turn , to use it for myself . For the price this machine is SO worth it ... spend the extra money for the variable speed you will be glad you did ! Looks like I 'll need to get one more for myself now : -RRB-
 I ABSOLUTELY LOVE MY MASSAGER ! WORKS GREAT FOR TIRED FEET , ACHING BACK , SORE HIP , ETC. . VERY RELAXING . THIS IS THE SECOND ONE I 'VE OWNED . -LRB- EX GOT THE 1ST ONE -RRB-
 I bought this item for my brother for Christmas . He is a contractor and not as young as he used to be and was complaining of body aches , sometimes severe . He told me it works good and he is happy to have it to help relieve his aches and pains . I would recommend this item to others .
 There was a minor mix up with shipping that the VERY friendly and expedient staff took care of . The item was bought for my wife as she had surgery and was suffering intense back pain . She LOVES this mat and raves about it everyday . It helped her back muscles relax with just enough heat and vibration . I highly recommend it and etronics , the seller .
 This product is great . I wish the other item purchased would have come from Cozy Cook .
 Satisfied overall . . Worth for money spent.Good length of whole mat to cover whole body . 10 massaging points gives good massage . I use it after coming from office and it relax my whole body ... I feel an increase in blood circulation when i switch if off after 15 minutes ...
 I have mild Cerebral Palsy and my muscles just ache most of the time . Just as advertised , 10 minutes on this pad and you are relaxed . The 4 zones are very good for when you lie on your stomach and want to get at your legs , but not your upper body.Very low noise with this product , unlike a foot spa which sounds like you are doing construction in your room.Even though the heat is not adjustable , the temperature is not too hot . It does n't cause me to sweat.Received product 3 days ahead of shipping estimate . Note , it comes in a large box with lots of packing material to protect the product .
 I bought this item for my mom . She has had back surgery and her profession is a nurse.She is on her feet all night and often has a stiff back.We gave this to her for her birthday and she loves it she says it helps so much.Thanks for such a great product !
 No , this product wo n't take the place of a skilled massage therapist , but for someone with chronic muscle tension and pain , it will provide significant relief . It does help if you alternate between the two power settings -- ten minutes high , ten minutes low , ten minutes high -- or something like that , so that the muscles experience a change of stimulus.My only dislike is that I ca n't have the heat without the massagers running . My biggest like is that it does the entire body , not just shoulders or shoulders and back .
 This massager is amazing . Every time I use it when I am stressed , it puts me at ease . It relieves tension in my back , and I have scoliosis.Whenever I have a feel tightness in my lower back , I just use the massager for 30 minutes and I 'm good to go . This is a must for individuals who suffer from back aches
 I have 3 different reachers . What I have found is that while one style may be great for one task , it will likely be bad at another . This is my favorite reacher of all three , and works for more tasks than others . I LOVE that it does not have the string system for pulling the jaws closed , and I LOVE the easier style `` trigger '' to operate it . I have MS and also have my spined fused 14 levels from T4-S1 . I use a wheelchair , and among other things have hand weakness , torso weakness , and bending restrictions . This reacher easily allows me to reach a multitude of objects on the floor - from potato chips to my kid 's toys to papers to clothes . It 's great at most chores . I also love the extra long length that the reacher gives me versus most reachers . It does not work well to lift heavy objects - so if that 's what you need I would recommend looking elsewhere . I also prefer one of my other reachers for laundry . But this reacher is lightweight , long , and easy to operate . I would highly recommend it!Rebecca
 i put in a hard two + hour workout at least twice a day , sometimes three , and i truly enjoy munching down one of these bars after i am finished . along with a big glass of water and a little creatine , i am good to go . try it .
 I have purchased other meal replacement bars from MuscleTech in the past . This flavour combination was very palitable . It dissolves in my mouth slowly and completely within five minutes during my at home personal weigh training routines .
 Good product , a little pricey . I cut a bar in half and eat it halfway through a bike ride . Good balance of protein and carbos .
 The MuscleTech Nitro Tech Bars Double Chocolate Supreme bars are great to eat as a Meal Replacement before a workout . They are dense , but filling and need to be eaten with a large glass of water . I would recommend them to anyone who is interested in Fitness and working out . They taste great !
 The Nitro-Tech Hardcore Protein Bar Double Chocolate 12 bars are great to eat as a Meal Replacement before a workout . They are dense , but filling and need to be eaten with a large glass of water . I would recommend them to anyone who is interested in Fitness and working out . They taste great !
 This is a good supplement . It does take time for the regimen to have benefits on your body . I thought they worked okay and helped me with my allergies . If you do n't know quercetin has great benefits for allergy and asthma symptoms . This is the ingredient found in foods like apples and onions . It will be beneficial for relieving chest tightness/clearing up stuffiness/sinus . Give it a try , it will help you .
 I often suffer from pretty bad all-year-round allergies . I have had no luck with OTC meds , and I refuse to take prescription drugs unless I absolutely have to . I 've been taking Twinlab Allergy Fighters consistently for about 2 years and can honestly say it 's the best allergy fighting stuff I 've taken ... and even though I still get some sniffles and a sneeze here and there in the springtime , this formula has abolished at least 90 % of all symptoms . Definitely worth a try !!
 I love this product and recommend it to everyone . This product is wonderful and helps relieve the aches and pain in my neck and lower back ! Highly recommended !
 I have been looking to replace my current aromatherapy shoulder wrap and I checked at the mall as they sell them around the holidays at the Kiosks and they wanted $ 29.00 for a smaller one . I went on Amazon and found this shoulder wrap for half the price !!! Thank you .
 I have used these capsules for years and they have helped me immensely . My problem with dry eyes started when I was practicing law and spending long hours staring at the Code of Federal Regulations . A thrill for anyone . At that time I took one capsule a day and did fine . As I have gotten older , I now take 3 per day and need them in order to have comfort when reading . I also have great cholesterol readings despite a family history of heart problems . I think the fish oils in these capsules have helped my cholesterol and I know they have helped my eyes.No supplement works for everyone . I try something and then quit . If I see no difference , I stop taking that one . These make a difference for me and I make sure I am not without them . If you have dry eyes , they are definitely worth trying . You never know . You might see no difference , so you move on to another treatment . You might be like me and become a lifelong devotee .
 YUM ! Buy these if you like Clark bars . These are the best lo-carb snack bars I have eaten . You will not be disapointed .
 The best Low Carb bar I ever tasted . Why did they ever stop makeing them ?
 These are great-tasting snacks . They taste a lot like the peanut-flavored Clark Bars that have been around for a long time . We have been buying them for years ; however , Wal-Mart , Target and Kroeger 's have all stopped carrying them , so I was happy to find them on Amazon .
 I 'm diabetic and love peanut butter . Slim-Fast Low Carb Peanut Butter Crunch Bars really satisfy that craving while allowing me not to exceed my carb count . It acutally tastes good .
 I like crunchy things and they are crunchy , delicious like a butterfinger bar , and they are made with splenda .
 This is probably the best bang for your buck . They definitely block out most of the sound . You can also wear them for long periods of time once you get use to them . I personally think that you will get your money 's worth .
 Excellent ear plugs !! I have used these daily for years -LRB- really -RRB- , and they have worked extremely well for me . I also have smaller ear canals . so most other ear plugs are more uncomfortable . I worked in a production environment where earplugs were required and MANY varieties were available . After trial and error , I found these were the best for me.Also to those that are bothered by the strap , it can easily be completely removed . The usual need for a strap is to keep the plugs from getting lost or dropping into food , etc on a production line . The strap also gives visible evidence to supervisors that proper hearing protection is being used .
 if you are working in a noise enviroment , where you still need to hear people speaking , they work great , can be pulled half out if noise is low to hear better , but you can still hear speech well when they are all the way in . the hard plastic part allows for them to be put in easy , no fighting and smashing like with foam plugs
 At first , I had a little trouble getting them into my ear , but once I did , I was amazed at how much the sound was reduced . I ended up using them to study in the library for several hours . I was deeply saddened when I had to take them out and go to class . lol
 This product , available in the 250 mg version , is just the right size to be easily swallowed , and is one of the few brands that offers this size . Delivery was prompt .
 I was hoping to find this and it is a quality product .250 mg is perfect for smaller people . It comes in a glass bottle .
 This has been such a help for my fibromyalgia and arthritis pain . The moist heat makes a huge difference and it is so much hotter than my old heating pad . I also think that the weight of the pad is a help . . and I had not expected that at all . It heats up quickly and the size is impressive . I was afraid having to hold the on button down would be an issue but it is not . Great product .
 I received my order sooner than I had expected and it was in perfect condition . Thanks !
 This product heats up fast and gets quite warm . I got it on my mom 's advice , and I agree with her that it 's great !
 I 've been using Thermaphore -LRB- sp -RRB- heating units for over 30 years . The only problem I 've ever found is that the switches wear out , but as soon as it does , I order another one . Once I sent it back to the factory and they shipped me a new one . I go to sleep every night with the switch in my hand , raising and lowering the temp until I fall asleep . I can hardly stand to go away from home if I forget it . Makes it terribly hard to get to sleep . Guess you could say I 'm addicted to this medical aid . I am currently having serious back/spine problems and the Thermaphore is the best medicine . It 's a marvelous product .
 After using many many heating pads over the years , in which the plastic `` smooshed '' and cracked & with covers that fell off and were not soft I found the Thermaphore heating pad which is absolutely wonderful ! The heating pad itself is not made with plastic on the outside , but a canvas like cloth which is very durable and conforms to your body ! The outside cover is a very soft , thick fabric ! What a difference it makes to have something soft and cozy next to your skin ... I love having the control of the on / off hand held switch . My back and shoulders feel much better after a 20 minute treatment . I purchased two more for my parents ! They have his and her 's heating pads . I think the hand held switch is a great idea for anyone who might fall asleep when using a heating pad .
 Excellent & Convenient size for any one suffering from Migrane Headaches .
 My brother in law brought this for my mother in law and since she already had one , she left this one with me . I have used this pad for everything from back pain , bursitis , migraine headaches , sinus headaches to just warming my hands and feet . This is an awesome pad because you can regulate the temperature by holding the switch , however that is also one of its minor drawbacks , because you have to hold the switch down to maintain heat . Regardless , it is a great product
 This heat pack is much different than the heat packs you may be used to from the store.It draws moisture from the air and causes moist heat to spread throughout your back in a short amount of time.The pack works great.Tip
 This is the second one I own . It took me abusing my old one for 25 years until I finally shorted out the wire to the switch . Of course I would go buy a second one as they are the best .
 This is the best ! A very large pad and moist heat . Anyone who has arthritis , sore muscles , or just wants to warm up this is for you .
 this was a gift , but i have one and my family has been using these for about 20 years . i consider it the best heating pad on the market . if you are lazy and do n't want to hold done the activating lever , this is not for you . i highly recommend NOT to tape the lever down . this pad will burn you . children must be supervised !!!!!!
 Great device . I love how this works when I get a migraine or a muscle spasm . It 's awesome ! It 's a well functioning device and it 's very safe !
 wonderful product . Large coverage area , heats up fast . Only thing I do n't like ishaving to keep theswitch manually depressed all the time .
 Husband purchased this pad for his back and also bought one for a neighbor . He says it feels really good and he likes the little trigger that allows him to adjust the temperature . Neighbor is also very pleased . He had used one at his doctor 's office and recommended it . Two happy customers ! ** UPDATE - you need to be VERY CAREFUL with this heating pad because you can get nasty burns if you leave it on too long . Hubby got a bad burn on his hip . He admitted it 's his own fault . If it 's getting too hot , you let loose of the handle . Obviously , he did not . It is NOT a problem with the pad . The pad does what it 's supposed to do . The person using it has to be a little smarter than a bread box when using it ... I 'm not knocking the product . However , I AM wondering what part of `` it 's getting hot '' my hubby did n't understand ! It 's taking a long time to heal . Oh , brother !
 My daughter has a bad back and absolutely lives this product for relief of her neck as well . I would recommend this product
 I bought this product for my dad , and so far he does not have any complaints . He is very happy with it . It is a little heavier than what I thought .
 Product shipped very quickly and came with no damage the thermaphore works wonderfully and comes with a warranty . I have had no issues and am completely satisfied .
 This is my second one.I broke the switch on my first one , which is `` ten '' years old ! This heating pad may cost a little more than the drug store one 's , but for durability and therapeutic value , this is worth every penny . I would not hesitate to buy another
 Best heating pad ever . Just make sure to keep the pad on top of you . Do not Lay on the pad or you might get burned . Definitely recommend this product .
 If your aim to get back to the old school heating pads - this is your pack ! I ordered the large size of which covers my whole back from shoulders to waist - I 'm 5 ' 3 '' and weight proportionate . Also my model has the switch which is operated by holding it down - Easy Comfort Switch . A little jerry rigging can give you hours of continuous , intense heat , which is what I 'm looking for , for the Edgar Cayce Liver Cleanse . The moist pad -LRB- included -RRB- works great - even in the bone dry desert , where I live ! I gave this five stars - because it IS all that the manufacturers claim it is and therefore worth the money . I have recommended this unit to my friends and it would make a great gift too .
 I have had a Thermaphore for at least 15 years and still going strong . Absolutely wonderful . Not automatic nor do I want it to be . This is a safety factor . I am buying one for my daughter as she loves ours.Great product .
 We have had a medium sized Thermophore heating pad for over 50 years and it has worked perfectly all that time . I thought it would be a good idea to get another one for travel and for back-up . We purchased the medium size -LRB- 14 `` x14 '' -RRB- , and have been most happy with it . The new pad is virtually the same as the original and works just as well . Also it is still manufactured in the USA at the same address as our original . Before buying the new Thermophore pad , we tried several other widely advertised pads , but none of them were satisfactory
 Reading reviews of other heating pads , there were some complaints about the heating pad not being hot enough . That 's not the case with this one . In fact , it 's hotter than I would like so I have to use a towel with it . Also I do not wrap it completely around my neck . It does have a timer , but I turn it off early because the heat is so intense . If you lie back in your recliner with it on , the heat will be even more intense . I would have given this 5 stars if there was a temp regulator on it .
 This is a very high quality product that delivers a genuine `` moist '' heat . It is very soothing and can go from 0 to 60 in 1.2 seconds . The heat is always uniform , controlable and long lasting.I had one before , sadly lost it in a divorce . It lasted for 6 years when the ex took it.Really glad to have it 's warmth and comfort now.Sincerely , B. A. Hurst
 This products works well and does exactly what it is supposed to do . The heat certainly is hot enough and the pad is big enough . However , if you are type to fall asleep when comfy -LRB- even when you do n't intend to -RRB- , I would suggest you pay a little more for the timed version so that you still get the treatment you need if you fall asleep .
 The Thermophore Moinst Heating Pad got me out of a bind when winter started for us -LRB- which , in Montana , was September 30 -RRB- . The weather change wrecked havoc on my back , but having this heating pad soothed it enough so I was able to get going in the morning and not hobble into work . Worth the investment .
 My husband uses this every night . He puts in on the back of his recliner , lays back , and within minutes his back is eased and his eyes are heavy ! We both like that fact that it give moist heat .
 I really love this heating pad . I have a large one , but I wanted one for a painful jaw problem . I am able to wrap it around my head and attach it with velcro so it stays in place .
 Simply put , you wo n't know how you lived without it . The relief is virtually INSTANT . It heats up rocket fast with automatic moist heat that has been cranking like brand new for years . I own two myself and have purchased many others as gifts for friends/relatives . There is no way you will be disappointed . The cover is thick and quality-made and washes up beautifully.The only issue you might have is the hand control . You must depress constantly for the pad to continue to heat -LRB- this is a safety in case you fall asleep -RRB- . Keep in mind that once this comes to the heat level you like , it will maintain that heat for at least 5-10 minutes even when you stop depression However , they now make them without this feature so really , there 's nothing negative here .
 I can not recommend the quality of this heat highly enough . It 's a convenient way to get moist heat into the muscles , and the size of this pad -LRB- 14x27 -RRB- covers the entire back and hips . There is no temperature adjustment . The pad is either on or off , and is designed for short heat treatments . Therefore , it has a switch you actually hold to keep it on . The 170 degree heat is far hotter than other heating pads , however , meaning you only need the heat treatment for a short duration to receive the benefits . I use this heating pad in my massage therapy office , and I highly recommend it for home use as well .
 By law home heating pads are limited to a certain temperature unless they have a manual safety switch which automatically shuts off if you let it go even momentarily.This heating pad has a manual safety switch , so it can get extra hot.For some people with some injuries , only the extra hot heating pads reduce pain and inflammation and restore mobility in the joints . It is wonderful to be able to provide this relief at home and not have to pay the expense of a physical therapy session just to get a hot enough heating pad to provide relief from severe pain and stiffness in my joints and impaired range of motion for a few hours.Very strongly recommend this for you if you find most heating pads do n't help much and you are careful not to fall asleep or anything else that could cause a burn . Not as safe as most heating pads , but much more effective at relieving my pain and allowing me to regain some use of my injured arm .
 I have chronic upper back and neck pain . This product , so far works the best for me . I like being able to control the temperature , but I do not like the time restriction -LRB- from 1 to 60 minute max -RRB- on the controls ... when the time runs out the thing turns off and you have to reset it again if you want to use it longer .
 Pros
 I can not recommend the quality of this heat highly enough . It 's a convenient way to get moist heat into the muscles , and the size of this pad -LRB- 14x27 -RRB- covers the entire back and hips . There is no temperature adjustment . The pad is either on or off , and is designed for short heat treatments . Therefore , it has a switch you actually hold to keep it on . The 170 degree heat is far hotter than other heating pads , however , meaning you only need the heat treatment for a short duration to receive the benefits . I use this heating pad in my massage therapy office , and I highly recommend it for home use as well .
 This is hands down the best heating pad ever made ... My husband has a back issue and this heating pad is a wonder for him . We highly recommend it for anyone with aches and pains . The only thing that sucks is you have to hold down the trigger to keep the pad heating up but we just put a rubber band around it to hold it down . Im not suggesting you do this as its made this way for safety reasons ... but it works for us ! Buy it , you wo n't be disappointed !!!!
 I broke the little finger on my right hand just below the knuckle about three months ago . I had a partial cast on for four weeks , after which the pinkie and ring finger were incredibly stiff -LRB- it 's amazing how just a few weeks of immobility can cause your muscles to tighten up -RRB- . I participated in hand therapy for 12 sessions . The most useful part of this therapy was heat treatment with stretching exercises . To heat the hand , they used a cool machine which bathes your hand in a whirlwind of hot shredded corn husks . After 15 minutes of heating , the hand is much looser and ready to stretch.The corn husk machine costs thousands of dollars , unfortunately . Other alternatives suggested included hot water -LRB- wash lots of dishes -RRB- , paraffin dip , old socks filled with rice and heated in the microwave -LRB- helpful ! -RRB- , and long hot showers.I decided to try this moist heat pad after reading the reviews -- it sounded like just what I needed . It works great ! It 's cleaner than the corn husk machine , handy enough to keep at my desk -LRB- so I do n't forget to loosen up -RRB- and has done wonders to loosen up my stiff fingers . There 's plenty of room in the muff-shaped hot pad to stretch the hand in either open or closed fist positions . I use it to warm up the fingers first , then close the fist and stretch them out.Using the pad helped me complete my hand therapy more quickly , and gives me a convenient way to continue working on the finger muscles for the next few months to maximize my range of motion . Great product !
 Wonderful product -- how did I ever live without it ? The large size covers more body area at one time . The moist heat feature -LRB- without using water -RRB- is even better than I had hoped for -- it feels very much like the hot packs in the physical therapist 's office.The heating pad cover is wonderfully soft and can be washed . The safety on/off switch is somewhat inconvenient , but since I 've fallen asleep more than once with the heating pad in use , I can appreciate it as a safety feature . The heating pad gets hot fast and can get hotter than typical heating pads . I ca n't say enough good things about the Thermophore Moist Heating Pad.Thermophore Moist Heating Pads - Manual Safety Switch - Standard Size - 14 '' x 27 ''
 I have a long torso and the pad fits perfectly . Delivery date was as promised.I use this product for a recent surgery and for foot neuropathy . I would use this company for further business .
 I have been wanting one of these for a while now , and finally got around to searching the net for the best price ... found it here on Amazon.com ; even with the shipping , it was cheaper than anywhere else I had looked . And so far , all the clients I 've used it for have loved it !
 Product is sturdy and heats up fast . Although I do n't think you 're suppose to lay on it , we do so and it has n't been a problem .
 my husband uses this every nite ... wish they came even larger , for this same money ... the auto off , which is for safety , is bothersome for him and he has overcome the problem . . which I do n't recommend , but it does the job and he really uses it to its fullest advantage
 This heating pad has a nice weight to it and does get very warm . My complaint about the product is that it does n't really maintain a consistant temperature , it seems to get really , really hot at first and right before it 's timed cycle ends but in the middle it cools down quite a bit . I have a chronic back issue so I have a lot of experience with the heating pads , this is by far the closest thing I have found to what the professionals use during treatments .
 This is my third Thermophore since I broke my back in 1976 and I absolutely love it . I have had the manual switch on two and now I have the 20 minute timed switch and I like both ,
 I bought this for my daughter . Her physical therapist suggested it . I have n't tried it personally but she loves it .
 This is an excellent buy . The heating pad works well.I would definitely recommend this heating pad .
 Gets hotter than any heating pad you would buy in a drug store or Wal-Mart . I highly recommend the switch that goes off when you let go of it . You could really burn yourself if you fall asleep , which is likely . Sometimes I use it when my back is n't bothering me , but I 'm just having trouble falling asleep ! You do n't have to hold it for long , it heats up pretty fast . It 's definitely worth the extra money . The switch finally went bad on my last one which I 've had since 1983 . That one is not the same brand as this one , but they are exactly the same . You would not be disappointed in this heating pad .
 Purchased at the recommendation of physical therapist . Waking in the middle of the night with leg cramps and lower back pain , this product works well . Amazed that it feels like wet heat without needing to add water . I appreciate having to hold the switch to get heat and the fact , when I fall asleep , that it turns off when my hand relaxes . Definitely recommend .
 I like to be able to have control of how hot the pad gets using the button . It is large and covers a large area without having to move it around . I like the moisture it produces from the air . It works well . It is quite expensive , however ; a little overpriced I feel . Amazon was the cheapest I 'd found it so I feel I got a better price than I would have gotten somewhere else .
 When my Thermophone pad died after many years of use , I had to replace it in a hurry . I was so glad to find that it was still available . It was delivered with haste and I still love the therapy it provides .
 This is the best type of heating pad I 've ever used . The heat is intense and the moist heat really helps my neck and shoulder pain . A friend loaned me one first and after I tried it I knew I had to buy one of my own . The moist heat seems to provide longer pain relief than a regular heating pad .
 After returning a wimpy Sunbeam heating pad at a drugstore due to its inability to get even marginally warm , I am thoroughly pleased with this Thermophore heating pad ! First off , this thing is built to last ! Very solid construction and materials . And it gets HOT ... FAST !! I have no qualms about the trigger-like button that you need to hold down until the desired heat is reached . It 's a non-issue with me and besides , I like having control over the temperature vs having to settle for a preset temperature I 'm not happy with . And I 'd MUCH rather have a heating pad that has the potential of getting hotter than I 'd like than one that never gets anywhere near hot enough . I 'm a happy customer !!
 I have had these thermo heat pads for several years and find that no other heat pad is as effective . It gives wonderful relief for sore muscles and aches and pains on any part of the body . The product arrived on date that was quoted and Amazon 's price was much lower than other suppliers that I had viewed . I highly recommend this product and will make future purchases through Amazon .
 Great product ! This is actually my second heating pad . The first was paid for by my insurance about ten years ago . It worked so well I sought out the same brand to replace it when it finally died . I periodically machine wash the cover and let it air dry . When my budget allows I plan to get the long , narrow pad for my neck .
 The Thermophore heating pad is perfect for my particular need . I have had ear probles as well and neck problems and this pad handles these two situation in an excellent manner
 I have been using Thermaphore Heating pads for close to 20 years ... I ca n't live with out them ! I just bought this one for my niece who suffers with rheumatoid arthritis . I would recommend this product to anyone who has aches & pains ... it delivers moist heat just here you need it .
 This is the best heating pad I 've ever used . As others have said , this is n't anything like the ones you can buy at your local drug store . If you want the best , your search is over .
 The Thermophor heating pad is truling amazing . It provides deep , moist heat without the mess of soak and heat pads . It does everything it claims to do . The fleece cover takes moisture from the air and when you use it , the treatment area gets wet , but the cover feels dry to the touch . When the air in the house is particularly dry , we hang in on a towel rack in the bathroom during a shower and that does the trick . How did they do that ?! The heat is so intense that you can feel your muscles ` pop ' as they release . We had to buy a second , because my husband and I were wrestling each other over our first one ! I highly recommend this product .
 My wife replaced a much older Thermophore Moist Heating Pad with this new version and she likes it better than the older one that wore out after more than 20 years - it is larger than the older version and the pad and cover are more substantion - this is our second one in over 20 years and we are very pleased with it . The seller did everything in a speedy way .
 This product heat up fast , gets hot and moist . No water needed . I am a Clinical Massage Therapy student and we use a different product for hydrotherapy , but it is quite expensive . This product does a great job for relatively little money . This is mobile and certainly something I will use when giving treatments at the client 's home . The hotter the temperature , the better the results . Of course , you never want to have this so hot , you scorch your skin . One nice feature , is the hand control . It can be harzardous to fall asleep while using a thermophore , without this feature . This product 's heat in controlled strictly by hand . If you release the control , the pad will eventually completely cool down . This particular brand cools down quickly , so if the heat is becoming uncomfortable , you are able to release the hand control to let it cool down slightly . You can cycle the temperature without having to remove the pad or put breaks into your treatment time . Please do n't put your body weight on a thermophore . It is not a good idea and can be a hazard . The inner electrical parts are not designed to support body weight . This product is to be placed over areas of the body you want to affect with hot applications .
 This heating pad has been so helpful in loosing up tight back muscles prior to playing golf . There have also been very cold nights when my calf muscles have cramped and I use this moist heating pad to relax the cramps for a good nights sleep . I highly recommend the thermophore moist heating pad for any aching muscles .
 I bought a Thermophore about 10 years ago , and used it almost daily . It finally wore out , and if I get as much service from my second one , I will be satisfied . It is large , has a trigger for on and off control , and has a substantial washable cover .
 I suffer from chronic back pain and I have used this Thermophore heating Pad before , but it belonged to my sister . Recently my wife has come down with back problems so I purchased a pad from the drug store , for about $ 39.00 , that claim to do the same thing as the Thermophore . What a mistate ! A total waste of money . So I went and ordered the Thermophore online , the same one my sister owns and my wife and I love it . It is the best moist heating pad I have ever used .
 I can not recommend the quality of this heat highly enough . It 's a convenient way to get moist heat into the muscles , and the size of this pad -LRB- 14x27 -RRB- covers the entire back and hips . There is no temperature adjustment . The pad is either on or off , and is designed for short heat treatments . Therefore , it has a switch you actually hold to keep it on . The 170 degree heat is far hotter than other heating pads , however , meaning you only need the heat treatment for a short duration to receive the benefits . I use this heating pad in my massage therapy office , and I highly recommend it for home use as well .
 I can not recommend the quality of this heat highly enough . It 's a convenient way to get moist heat into the muscles , and the size of this pad -LRB- 14x27 -RRB- covers the entire back and hips . There is no temperature adjustment . The pad is either on or off , and is designed for short heat treatments . Therefore , it has a switch you actually hold to keep it on . The 170 degree heat is far hotter than other heating pads , however , meaning you only need the heat treatment for a short duration to receive the benefits . I use this heating pad in my massage therapy office , and I highly recommend it for home use as well .
 This is the best moist heating pad ever , and the second one I 've purchased . The first one lasted over 20 years , and I literally wore it out . I chose the pad with the manual safety switch , as I had before . You have to be really careful that you do n't get it too hot , or you could get a burn or blister , so the pad would not be good for a person with poor circulation or diabetes , otherwise , it is fantastic . Wonderful for muscle muscle pain . Thank you
 I purchased this product because the muscles around my face/jaw area have been spasming from my chronic night clenching . Physical Therapy used moist heat on my face to treat my issue . This product gave me the same results I got from pricey PT visits . It is a bit ackward to have it around your face , but you get used to it . I do recommend this product to anyone experiencing muscle tension . It gives you what it claims .
 I was looking for a pad that actually got hot and covered a large surface area . Most of the ones from drug stores remind me of plastic wash rags . This one is awesome . Its huge ! , and the sucker packs some serious heat . I have to turn it off after a few minutes because the heat is almost unbearable . It does its job . The best heating pad I have ever tried .
 My doctor 's nurse gave this to me as a gift for waiting so long for my appointment . It 's proabably the best gift I 've received in years ! I LOVE THIS HEATING PAD ! It heats so quickly and I can feel the moisture easing the muscle aches from deep within my back . Sure , it 's a little annoying to have to keep switching it on when you want it to reheat , but trust me -- it 's worth it . I accidentally kept it on one time , fell asleep , and to my horror , the switch casing had become misshapen from melting ! Yes , it does get VERY hot . -LRB- I now need to purchase another one . -RRB- It 's good for regular use , and the 14 x 27 '' size is a huge plus as it 's able to heat the entire length of my spine as well as my hips -- and I 'm 5 ' 10 '' . I will ONLY be buying this product -- when you 've found the best , you 'll NEVER get anything else !
 This heating pad has a little weight to it , so it feels extra good . The switch is set up so that when you fall asleep , it turns itself off . I have had two of them , ordered one for my sister and now have to order myself another one since my new puppy chewed the cord . I ca n't wait to get my new one . I fall asleep much better when using it .
 Great prices , great service , quick delivery . Very happy and extremely satisfied with the entire transaction .
 This is our 3rd Thermophore Moist Heating Pad and have given 2 as gifts for our parents . My husband has back problems and he uses it every day for pain management . He has used them since the mid 80 's and swears by them . Every once and a while I get to have a little time with it . It is great because you do not have to add the moisture to the pad , it gets pulled out of the moisture out of the air .
 This is the best heating pad I 've ever used , the only drawback is that you have to hold down the button to keep it heating , but it 's well worth it . Would recommend highly .
 I did receive the product as ordered and in good time . And the price was better than most . Great treatment .
 If you want relief , If you want quick heat , this is the heating pad that will do it all.I did buy the large 14 x 27 with the dead man control . Good thing ! do n't fall asleep with this pad on . Talk about a sunburn.With this type of control , safety is no problem .
 Had this pad for 20 years and it finally quit working . Bought the exact same one that I had -LRB- same product number & everything ! -RRB- . This time bought it from Amazon for less ! I love it !
 Love this product . I own 2 . One for me and one for my mom . Gets hot really fast and cools off quickly , as well . Great for muscle aches . A must have !!!!!
 Bought this unit for my wife . Second one she has had . The 1st lasted many years . Delivered on time . Price was 40 % less than big name pharmcy . Great heating pad . Would order from this dealer again and would recommend to my friends and would recommend Amazon.com as I have made other satisfactory purchases through them .
 Incredibly robust and well-made product , the best heating pad I have ever used , worth every penny
 wonderful product . I had one for 25 years and it finally died . Needless to say , I had a new one in less than a week . . Great service.The thermophore has mannaged our families aches and pains for years . Again . we would n't be without one .
 If you have n't had the pleasure or necessity of using a Thermophore heating pad you have been depriving yourself of a very useful comforting and therapeutic tool . Made in the USA by Battle Creek Equipment since 1931 . I became acquainted with the pads 30 years ago through an older friend that had suffered from Polio as a young woman and found that the Deep-Heat Therapy was still a great comfort in those same muscles . I have Fibromylagia and find the long pad -LRB- model 055 -RRB- extremely comforting . Take a look at the different sizes available .
 THis is an expcellent heating pad , could be a little wider but length is good . Con is that you have to hold button in to keep heat on but plus is that you can heat really hot . If you need a shoulder area done or neck area , I suggest you get a neck one . this is good for large areas like back or legs .
 Great product . We had `` inherited '' one from my Mother which lasted 25 years . We then began to have trouble getting it to come on so we decided it was time to replace it . The product was exactly the same as our old one and works just as great . Hope it lasts as long !!!! Supplier was prompt in shipping and we are pleased with the entire purchase .
 The Thermophore standard -LRB- 14 '' x 27 '' -RRB- moist heating pad is totally amazing . My doctor ordered my first one & It helped me so much that I ordered more & actually gave them to people I know that have either serious arthritis and/Or surgury . They both love it and use it every single day !!! Thank you THermophore & thank you Amazon.com for having these available !!!! This is a serious BLESSING in disguise ... God Bless !!! -LRB- also , thank you for keeping the price reasonable -RRB-
 It 's more expensive than other pads , true . Best features ; no vinyl , made in USA , simple switch to use-squeeze the switch , it 's on , let go , it 's off . The pad heats up FAST too . Best heating pad we 've ever had .
 Outstanding product . . excellent workmanship , designed to last . A little more expensive but no comparison to drug store heating pads . The Gold standard by which all other heating pads are measured .
 I am just placing my order for my fourth Thermophore . Beware ... I almost ordered the one with the automatic switch . This site is confusing . The one to order is the Red Box one made by Battle Creek , the manufacturer of the Thermophores . This is also a Amazon Prime item.I would never order one with an automatic switch . I want the switch that is automatically off in case of emergencies . While the Thermophores are wonderful , if they stay on too long , they may burn you.My wife and I have been using these for years . My other two are smaller -LRB- My first back surgery was in 1964 . I have had two back surgeries and rotator cuff surgery and my wife has an authritic back -RRB- We need two of them at times . We do n't share well!I ca n't speak to the repair problems , as we have never have had a repair issue . The one we are replacing , we had put away and when we found it in the attic , there was a discoloration problem . To play safe , we ordered a new one .
 I had to purchase a replacement because my Thermaphore x-long of 15 years finally died . I use my heating pad almost every day 365 days a year and have never had a problem with it , aside from dying of old age . Exceptional product !!
 This is our second Thermophore 14 x 27 , first one lasted about ten years or so , and we liked it enough to replace right away.With temperatures up around 165 degrees , this will get in deep to your muscles and joints . A few rounds of 20 minutes on and 20 minutes off will work wonders.One of the best features is that this pad is weighted all over with many flat metal weights that make it conform to your body for great contact and heat transfer.Use with caution and read the instruction manual for warnings . See the Thermophore web site for more details.Seems a bit expensive compared to standard heating pads , but it 's in a class by itself and worth the investment.Note , Do n't be confused by the `` Automatic '' wording , it has a hand operated normally OFF switch . The Automatic refers to the moist heat since you do n't have to wet it at all.They now make the same unit with an automatic timer shut off switch if you might like that better than the manual switch that this one has . This one you have to hold the switch down to keep it hot , that way if you doze off it shuts it off.The other is called `` Automatic '' with `` Automatic switch `` BTW , the shipping service by ` The Therapy Connection at HPMS , Inc ' was outstanding and it arrived in just a few days time . I 'm sure that can vary , but my order shipped fast !
 Definitely much better than any other heating pad I have used as nothing is able to match this amount of heat . I 'm not fond of the manual switch and I use a small strap to keep the switch down .
 I 've been looking for a heating pad that would actually get hot enough to do some good , after waisting my money on several of them that claimed to be the best I finally found one . Thermophore Moist Heating Pad is absolutely the best I 've every used . I just wish they would make one that gets this hot in an automatic version .
 Comparing this pad to an ordinary drugstore pad is like comparing a rowboat to a battleship . I became aware of this product by visiting a friend who said to me `` you are walking as if you are really in pain '' . I acknowledged that I was and he said `` try this '' . Within 15 minutes I was searching for one for me on my phone internet browser while I was still using has pad ... if you like a deep heat on your sore shoulders , do n't even hesitate.You will notice that the information says it has a `` trigger '' switch you have to hold down to have the unit on . Trust me , within 3 minutes you will understand and appreciate that switch.Simply , it 's more money , but it is worth it .
 I purchased the model BC-076 14 `` x14 '' w/manual switch along with the optional Stupe pad with a waterproof internal pouch for use with a damp cloth . The pad itself is made of a very substantial canvas cloth material and the cover is soft fleece . It all has a satisfying weight to it and feels like it will last a lifetime . It is also made in the good old USA . You can get this pad with two different switches.One is a four stage switch that cuts the pad off when the desiredheating level is reached . The other is a manual switch you must hold down constantly until your preferred heating level is reached and then release it . According to the manufacturer , the four stage switch will reach a maximum temperature of 160 degrees . The manual switch will go up to 180 before the internal thermostat cuts it off . Having to hold the switch down was not nearly the inconvenience I thought it would be.It is for this reason I would recommend getting the manual switch and do n't bother with the optional stupe cover . The standard feece cover provides plenty of moisture by itself when placed directly on the skin . I found the best deal including shipping was with Pro Therapy Supplies . They ship fast .
 I have one of each size of the thermaphore . They are wonderful with the moist heat that they put out . The neck size arthritic one is a little different from the others I have . This one has a timed on/off switch , and because of that , the heat is not as intense . That being said , the heat is still more moist and intense than other heating pads . This one also , being as narror as it is , allows you to wrap it around and elbow , neck or knee .
 This is the only heating pad I have found that gets hot enought to really help if you have chronic muscle pain . I have one that I have been using for years . Inside the pad the heating wire is looped around pieces of lead and it has 3 fusible links that will melt if it overheats . That never happened but over the years the connections at these broke on my old pad - easy enough to fix if you dont mind a little soldering and sewing . I have fixed my old pad a couple of times and am still using it but just bought a new one since my daughter has started using the old one . For me this pad is better than anything and I have used them all .
 We have used the Thermophore pads previously , when I was a Battle Creek distributor in NYC . We sold many of the pads in the three sizes , and almost never had returns . The pads last for many years , and can provide a high level of heat , which can be regulated by a switch on the cord . I would recommend the Thermophore to anyone who needs a sturdy , dependable heating pad , that also provides moisture .
 Had my doubts about the advertised claim of moist heat without having to insert a wet cloth or otherwise add water , but it truly works ! Velcro straps allow you to make it into a roll or a &#34; muff &#34; as they call it , into which you can insert hands / arms into both sides . Has a certain feel of quality and sturdiness not common to the less expensive ones on most store shelves . Made in USA . Only fault I find is the circulating lights on the control are invisible to my blind mother , and the control , though not complicated , is less instinctive than it could be for the visually impaired .
 This was a gift for my wife . This was her second one , and she loves it . When she wanted a new heating blanket we could n't look at any other brand .
 Our second one . The first lasted over 10 years and this one works just as good as the first . We like it and get many hours of relief . No need to buy any other !
 It is fine but I do not like that it automatically turns off in 1/2 hour my other one did n't
 I liked the size and the temperature of this heating pad . The moist heat is very penetrating and relieving for aching joints .
 I have purchased several of these for friends and family . It has moist heat built in - no need to wet a sponge like other pads . I 'd be lost without this .
 I have been using thermaphore 's for years because of back problems . This is the only product to buy for moiste heat and the on/off button is mandatory to avoid burns . It is not the cheapest &#34; heating pad &#34; but it is the best moiste pad and with proper care it will last quite a long time .
 This is a great product ! I recommend this to all of my friends and to anyone that needs a very good moist heating pad . It really helps ease the pain for me .
 Heavier weighted , large size , and moist heat make this heating pad unlike anything you would buy in a regular store . My mother is a spinal patient and has used these heating pads for years and they are the BEST !! They wrap around legs and other body parts easily and they heat up fast . The heat stops when you release the handle , so patients are less likely to burn themselves even thought this heating pad can hit high temps . Great product and I 've never had a problem with the Thermaphore brand ! I highly recommend this to anyone needing heat treatment for chronic pain issues , muscular issues , or sports injuries .
 I bought this to help the healing process of a rotator cuff tear . Since I do n't sit down much , I wear it when I go to bed . . it 's nice that it is timed to turn off after 20 minutes . The pad is comfortable , the heat just right . Now my wife and I fight over it ... so I 'll have to get another one .
 This is narrow enough to use on neck , wrist , knee etc.No problem with the on/off switch , it does NOT '' need to be manually held '' does get plenty warm , so ... then turn it off.fleece cover included with velcro strap.My local pharmacy quoted over $ 50 for this exact same model .
 We 've tried all the heating pads available in all the local stores.Each one worked for a day or so and then never got hot again.The Thermophore Heating Pad always gets hot and I love the safetyfeature of button so you can not fall asleep and get burned.By far , this the best heating pad and ours gets used every day , several times a day .
 The on switch must be held to create the heat which prevents body burns that frequently occur when one gets comfy , drowsy and falls asleep .
 This heating pad works great . It provides a moist even heat . The safety switch is great so you can control whether it is on or off so you do n't get too much heat .
 This one is super ! We went through 2 other heat packs bought from drug stores , but this one really works the best . It really deliver heat where you need it the most . The price is right for the quality . I think I will get another one in the future .
 after using a number of the chinese brands which all failed after just a few months , i went ahead and spent more than i wanted too - but it turned out to be the best bargain.it works great , fast , very warm , helps my back , very well made , worth every penny . no complaints . A-1 !!!
 I purchased this heating pad because I have a job where I 'm on my feet for 8 + hours a day , this has truly been a god send . One of those items that is very expensive however , glad you invested . Amazon was also half the price of the stores in my area .
 This is the best heating pad I have ever used . The size of the pad allows coverage of your entire back -LRB- or where ever you are using it -RRB- . Plus , the moist heat is wonderful .
 We have owned a smaller version and have been happy with it ; however , we had to move out of our condo as a fire in building meant we left lots behind ; wife loves the unit ; helps with pain , muscle strains , etc. .
 I bought this on a recommendation by a friend and have been happy with it . I give it a 4 star only because I 've had it for a month . It gets a 5th star if it still works after 15 years . Something that is not explained by anyone is the term `` Moist Heating . '' You do n't put water on this thing so there is no moisture other than what is in your own skin . I do n't get it but it is reliable for the month and is quite warm which my wifie likes . The activation switch requires enough force to keep it on when you want without hand stress and enough to turn off when you fall asleep with it on . Good design .
 This is a nice size heat pack for anyone seeking relief from back pain using moist heat .
 I have gone thru my share of heating pads but this beats them all hands down . My husband & I both use it daily . It is on our chair in our bedroom and it has become a nightly ritual . What a great way to end the day . He runs on the treadmill , showers and then takes 5 minutes on the heating pad . It really loosens tight , sore muscles .
 i 've used this product for 25 years . every two years or so i have to buy a new one b/c it does wear out !!
 This is the best heating pad on the market and provides no muss no fuss moist heat . Perfect for my Fibtomyalgia aches and pains and small enough to pack in a suitcase .
 This is a great product if you have back pain or muscle pain anywhere . I 've been struggling with back pain lately and have been using this every night before I go to bed and it helps a lot . It gets very hot , so I 'm glad they designed it with a switch that does n't stay on until you 're holding it down . Very satisfied .
 This large pad covers my discomfort places well . It has a switch that must be held in order for the pad to heat . If I fall asleep , my hand lets go and the pad stops heating , preventing burns or becoming too hot . It is a heavy duty pad and should last a long time . The cover generates its own moisture , keeping my skin from becoming too dry because of the heat .
 My other one lasted for years and my family uses it a lot well worth the extra cost . Therapist quality .
 I have fibromyalgia & I have been using the the themophore for 25 years ... this is aboutthe third one I have . . It helps the pain from arthritis.I use it at night on my backbefore I stretch & in the morning before I get out of bed .0 h , yes , thanks for the quick delivery.Terry B
 you 're supposed to lie on your stomach and put it on your back . it does not get hot enough when doing it this way . i like using it in my chair while at the office .
 I was a little put off by the price , but very tired of buying cheap , drugstore pads that burned out with constant use . Once I plugged this in , however , the intense heat reminded me of why I needed a good one in the first place . The pain relief is amazing . It takes a few tries to get the hang of the control -LRB- I just hold it in place with the back of my knee -RRB- but it 's a small trade off for the almost instant relief . I 'd have given it 5 stars , but like all the others , it 's hard to use on my neck .
 Great product ! I own two , one for home and one for my massage practice and have also purchased a few for gifts . You can not beat the heat that comes from this and the moist heat is far more friendly to the body . You really have to try it to feel the difference beteween this and a regular heating pad . The heat feels like it is soaking into your body rather than sitting on the surface . I like the manual switch for my massage practice so my client is not interrupted by the beeps of the automatic switch , I use a pony tali holder wrpped around the switch to keep it in the on position . I also like the weight and feel of this product better than the automatic switch one , do n't be fooled I was sent the wrong product through my last order with Amazon .
 This is an excellent product . I 've had my Thermaphore heating pad for over twenty years and am just now replacing it . This is a tremendous heating pad for bad backs . It puts out a very intense , moist heat that sinks in and really does the job .
 We owned a heating pad just like this one for over 15 years . After it broke , I tried to replace it , but no other heating pad has come close to being as good.I was thrilled to find this product on line , after trying several others I 'd found in various stores . It is exactly the same one I had before ! I love the soft flannel cover , I love that it is large enough to heat my entire back , and I love the moist heat it creates.I will never buy any other type of heating pad , and if this one lasts as long as the other did , I probably wo n't need to buy one for a very long time !
 This is a best heating pad on the market . I bought one 10 years ago and the cord needed replaced so I just bought another one . It is a heavier weight than any other pad your can purchase and it creates moisture which is more therapeutic . I love it !
 As a massage therapist , I am looking for ways to access the relaxation response as quickly as possible in order for clients to get more out of their time on the table . Moist heat penetrates and relaxes the body and this pack can be used every hour of every workday as an adjunct to massage . Whether just for relaxation or to assist in deep tissue therapies , this product makes the session go further . Now , clients ask for the pack immediately as they walk in .
 I have used a couple of heating pads in the past and they either fall apart or do n't get hot enough or feel very cheap . I have a friend who recommended this one and I took a flier and gave it a try . While only using it a couple of times , I can tell already that it is going to be different ! It gets warmer , has a nice heavy feeling to it and I really like the way it draws the moisture out of the air -LRB- like magic ! -RRB- and just feels `` right '' - I am now fighting my wife half the time to use it - will have to get her her own ! I think I got a winner !
 This is the second pad I 've owned in 20 years . Thermaphore pads just go forever . This is basic model ; you press the trigger and it gets hot . It 's comfortable and the manual safety switch prevents the pad from heating if you fall asleep . Not much in the way of heating controls , and no organic/microwave features . If you want those , this is not the right pad for you . My wife has back problems and this is the only pad she likes .
 My Grandmother has alot of problems with her hands . I checked on the arthritis foundation website and they suggested a moist heat . I found this heating pad and I read that is has helped out alot of people so I ordered it for her . She says that this saved her life . She uses it every morning and every evening and now can use her hands again . She says its the best gift she has ever gotten . I also recommended this to a friends mother who was having problems and about a month later she sent me a thank you note for suggesting it to her daughter , she says it has made such an improvement with her pain . I guess is really matters what kind of heat you use and this one is perfect ! Works like a dream !
 Well made , convenient storage boxes for daily vitamins or pills . Each divider is large enough to hold my daily handful of vitamins and supplements . I bought 7 of them so I can go 3 weeks without having to refill . Love them .
 I drink alot of different energy drinks daily . Now I have stopped and use this it is much better for you and taste awesome , gives you a big boost with no crash hands up 5 star
 This is a great way to get the extra little kick you need to start the day . It tastes great and really does work .
 Sounds like a commercial , but it is true . This toothpaste has a very refreshing flavor , and my teeth feel clean and smooth after brushing . I would have given it 5 stars , but during my last dental appointment I was told that I had more plaque build up than usual . I 'm not sure it was a result of the toothpaste -LRB- hygenist said it could 've been a result of illness . -RRB- All in all , I recommend this natural toothpaste as a nice change from the mainstream brands .
 I had a lot of pain in a tooth that has a silver filling . I bought this toothpaste and the pain has gone completely away . This toothpaste is wonderful . I gave a new tube of it to a co-worker that could not afford to go to the dentist and he came back and said that his dental problem also disappeared . I think that the tea tree oil may be fixing things because it has healing properties . Whatever the reason , I also love the taste and feel of this toothpaste . I would recommend this to anyone wanting a better product at a low price . You definitely get more for the money than you would ever believe .
 I like it !! Better price than in the stores ! Has a pleasant flavor , but I think I recall that the tube is small .
 Okay this item is similar to the actual fleshlight as far as appearance . The difference in appearance is the cap on the end if you look closely and compare both items . Im not sure if it feels like the fleshlight because Ive never bought one but this item does the job . wish it was a little tighter though but the inside has the same look compared the the fleshlight training unit -LRB- the gold colored one -RRB- . Hope this helps !
 do n't listen to that guy its well worth the money iv had it for months and its holding up just fine id recommend this to every one
 I 've had a lot of stomach and gas issues that were so bad , I thought something were wrong . I bought this because it was so reasonably priced . Thank God I did . This product took away the gas and bloating and discomfort . I tried other products like Digest Gold and Lypo Gold and even Andrew Lessman 's stuff but those did n't do what this one did .
 I have gastritis and irritable bowl sindrome , major bloting and gas issues ... Could n't even think about eating dairy , beans and other gassy foods , this is a life saver for me ! 2 caps right before your first bite will do the trick , I 've been free ever since I 've found these ! Thank you absorbaid !!!!
 My son was using this product and I tried it and loved it immediately . Really works so I immediately ordered from Amazon . Great , quick delivery and enjoy the product ! Ca n't go wrong with this .
 Excelent product ! It really works . My son says that it is magic , because it works so fast ! My family and I just love it .
 I do n't have Celiac , but I am sensitive to some breads & pizza . If I take a couple of these just before eating , it eliminates the pain . Do n't know why or how , just glad it works
 I use this product to stop gas as my body turns everything to a gas I use this each time I eat anything and I have been gas drew for other than a little normal gas every once and awhile , it really helps you get the most out of your food . Great product .
 I have used this brush for about a week now and my teeth do feel cleaner . I have sensitive gums , so I was worried the more powerful vibrations of the brush would cause some damage but on the contrary , my gums feel healthier and stronger now . If you are looking for a good tooth brush , you will not be disappointed . I admit I was a bit hesitant to spend $ 80 on the Oral B S-200 but it was definitely worth it for me .
 I had been using the Oral B battery toothbrush for a year . It is my 40th birthday and I wanted something to treat myself so I bought this tooth brush . It is the same as the Oral B S-320 but without the massage feature , which is not necassary at all and it was only $ 79.99 which is the best price for a rechargable toothbrush . I have not had my teeth cleaned in two years -LRB- oops -RRB- and thought of doing so , but it costs $ 80 so I decided to try this tooth brush as see if it felt like going to get my teeth cleaned . I really believe it feels just as good as getting my teeth cleaned ! It is quite strong and you must get used to the strong vibration inside your mouth , but it is very effective . My teeth felt smooth as glass and I really enjoyed using it . I now feel so invested in my teeth and keeping my mouth healthy that I will go get my teeth cleaned . This tooth brush will clean your teeth much better then the battery powered Oral B tooth brushes and so much better then a hand held tooth brush . I love it and and so happy I bought it and I feel I got a good deal on this model for $ 79.99 . You will not be disappointed .
 Great !! I 'd give it 6 out of 5 !! < g > Easy to use , comfortable to handle , gentle but VERY effective cleaning.It 's like having your dentist clean your teeth every day.Can ; t recomment it highly enough ,
 I have previously used two Sonicare models , the Advance and the Elite , and while they worked fine they were both frustratingly hard to keep clean so I ended up buying a Braun Oral-B Sonic Complete S-200 kit at Target . I paid around $ 60 for it . I 've had it for almost 3 years I think and ca n't say enough good things about the product . Its performance is similarly as good as the Sonicare models but it has them beat by far both in cost and ease of keeping clean . The design is so much better in that the small brushhead stalk easily removes/pops out from the body for easy rinsing and storage if need be , and the body can be gently rinsed under the tap and wiped down - it seems to be pretty well sealed and I 've been rinsing it off every day for almost 3 years . Compare this to the Sonicare . Those models combine the brushhead and a plastic cap that screws into the handle/body and both brushhead and body are n't sealed well at all from water and gunk getting into crevices and such . Sure you can replace the heads every 3 months or so but in the meanwhile when -LRB- not if -RRB- gunk and moisture finds its way into the many hard to get at places in the unit -LRB- it 's not designed to be taken apart -RRB- eventually mildew and rot starts building up inside . Yuck.When I first bought the Sonic I emailed Braun asking if it was sealed from moisture -LRB- it sure appeared to be -RRB- because the manual recommended rinsing the brushhead but just wiping clean the handle/body . There appeared to be an o-ring at the top of the body where the small metal rod that the brushhead attaches to comes out of , and Braun support told me the unit was water-sealed . I just lightly rinse the top end of the body/handle and wipe the entire unit dry after each use . I certainly would n't take a chance and ever submerge the brush/body/motor unit under water but like I said I 've been using the brush for a few years and it still works great.The kit I bought at Target included a nice storage tower/charger base for 3 brushheads , and my model does n't include the massage feature -LRB- big deal -RRB- . Apparently others have said that now the storage tower is n't included with models other than the more expensive S-320 . Anyway , the S-200 is a great value and performer and do n't let a lack of a storage tower be a deal breaker . I 've been extremely happy with this product . One reviewer mentioned it was built in Germany in case that would be an issue I guess - which had me scratching my head , who cares . If anything it 's nice to see a product available from somewhere else besides China .
 I had a Sonicare toothbrush for about 4 years when the battery died . Loved it . Looked around to replace it with another sonic toothbrush and chose the Braun S-200 . This change took a little getting used to
 Length :
 After 2 months of use , my dentist noticed there was less tartar build-up . I told him I was using the Sonic Complete . - 2 minute timer - 30 seconds for each part of the quadrant -LRB- upper right , upper left , bottom right , bottom left of the mouth -RRB- . - you can set it to two different modes -LRB- normal , soft brushing -RRB- - the 3rd feature , a massage -LRB- for the gums -RRB- - lasts about a week and half without charging -LRB- like any rechargeable battery , the battery will eventually die -RRB- . - comes with a travel case -LRB- holds toothbrush and 2 extra brush heads -RRB- A fancy version of a toothbrush but worth the money .
 I bought this toothbrush because it was a gold box savings and needed to replace my other Oral B. I am so happy with it . My teeth feel `` squeaky clean '' after using it and it does n't `` tickle '' my gums like Sonicare did . It has a great battery life and two different speeds . After a few weeks , my teeth look whiter and I had a lot less plaque at my last dental appointment . My husband is a dentist and has started to use a more deluxe , but similar , version of this -LRB- has a digital timer , 4 speeds , and some other aesthetic nuances -RRB- and is also very pleased . In fact , he likes it so much that he is starting to give them away to his new patients !
 I received this toothbrush for a Christmas present . I had thought about getting an electronic toothbrush , but I had not done any research . In any case , I was eager to try it . When I first used it , it took a few seconds to get used to it . I thought it tickled my gums , but very shortly I realize how much the `` sonic '' action of the toothbrush is working on cleaning your teeth and you just make small circles with the brush and let the sonic action do the rest . I have used it a couple of times and already my teeth feel cleaner . I also find that it is fun to use so I end up brushing my teeth a lot longer than with a regular brush.I went to see how much refills were at Wal-Mart and they were $ 7.97 . This is why I gave it 4 stars and not five . $ 8 every three months is a bit more espensive than a regular brush -LRB- that I usually get free from Target when they have the tooth paste / tooth brush packages -RRB- .
 as far as electric toothbrushes go , this is a good deal . do n't bother with those really cheap ones they have now -LRB- like the spinbrush , etc. -RRB- i tried a friend 's new sonicare -LRB- the kind that squeezes out crest liquid toothpaste through the brush -RRB- and i liked it better . it just seemed faster to me and possibly a better clean , though i did n't care for the liquid toothpaste thing . so i got this one to save money.the good - it 's simple . put the toothpaste on and go . only 2 settings - regular and sensitive . you should n't need sensitive unless you 're brushing your tongue . the charger is simple and perfect . the brushes change color to indicate use . when the color is halfway gone , you buy new brushes . simple and perfect . i hate stupid gimmicks ! which brings me to . . bad - i hate the stupid quadrant timer . i 've been brushing since i was a child , you think i need my toothbrush telling me how long to brush ????? there 's no `` off '' button to turn this feature off . so every 30 seconds the toothbrush stops working for a second and vibrates . useless and annoying to me . then after 2 minutes it vibrates 4 times to tell me to stop brushing , because i 'm too stupid to make my own decisions . look , if i want to brush for 2 1/2 or 3 minutes , is that a crime ?? leave me alone , toothbrush ! i know when i 'm done!good - cleans pretty well , though not as good as the radius toothbrush -LRB- this is an angled brush with a huge head and a lot of bristles -RRB- . the head can reach around to those `` hard to reach '' places . it does not require much pressure to brush . it does n't require using a lot of toothpaste.bad - the head is too small , therefore it takes longer to brush than i care for.summary - 3 stars . i prefer it to a normal-sized manual brush but not the radius toothbrush . just because something is electric does n't make it better , just like electric razors are not necessarily any better , and often much worse , than a manual razor . the radius is a whole new world of brushing - it feels weird at first but you get used to it . it 's fast and highly effective . just my opinion , i say go for a sonicare if you want an electric and can afford one , but if you want an electric and are looking to save money , this is a reliable product .
 I was a little wary of buying the Oral-B S-200 because I 'd had a Sonicare Advance 4100 for probably 3 years before . I was so used to it I thought I 'd not really want the Oral-B . I am pleasantly surprised . It is slightly harsher - the brush with it is a little harsher on my teeth and gums , but not in a bad way . After using the Oral-B for about 3 weeks I am very happy that I made this purchase . It 's light , does a great job cleaning , and should be fairly easy to find replacement brushes . Thanks , Amazon , for such a great deal !
 This is my first sonic toothbrush and I am please with its performance.Pros : - powerful-long handle makes it easy to reach into tight places-operates app . 2 weeks on one charge -LRB- takes 12-14 hrs to fully charge -RRB- and the charger unit makes a convenient stand for the toothbrush-charging unit serves as toothbrush stand -LRB- would be even better if the power cord was detachable from the charging base to allow for clutter-free storage for the toothbrush between charges -RRB- - price ; I had considered the Sonicare product but decided on this because of the huge price difference . I am satisfied.Cons : - difficult to complete a full brushing without tapping the power button -LRB- first tap cycles to low speed , then off , then full power -RRB- -30 second timer is annoying - brush signals by going into a quick on-off sequence for a few seconds .
 Got this a few weeks back when it was on sale . I ca n't compare it to other power toothbrushes as this is the first one I 've owned . My dentist recommended the phillips brand but I chose this one over the price . I love it . If you are currently brushing your teeth with a normal toothbrush I would highly recommend upgrading to this one . It 's amazing how clean it makes your teeth feel . I was skeptical at first - I just thought my dentist was trying to give me something I did not need . I was wrong I 'm glad I bought this one.It is easy to use and kind of tickles at first when using it but after about 3 or 4 times using it there is not weird feelings at all .
 I do n't think I can ever go back to a manual toothbrush ! My dentist even saw a difference after 6 months ! My husband and I both have one and love it !
 The Dentist recommended this for my wife , I was worried she would n't like using it but with it 's two speeds it 's working great . Highly recomended and it also got the highest consumer reviews .
 After years of my dental hygienist asking me why I have n't bought one of these sonic toothbrushes , I finally broke down and bought one . Wow , what a difference ! I am a brusher and flosser , but the results are very real . My teeth are whiter and no build up of plaque behind the front teeth . Amazing ! If you are someone with the same problems , a regular brusher who ca n't seem to ever keep the build-up of plaque behind the front teeth , you will love this product . If you are not a regular tooth brusher -LRB- ew ! -RRB- than you need this product . The timing mechanism is extra good , because it makes you really take the two minutes twice a day that you need to keep those pearly whites , well , pearly white !
 Works like a charm . Nice clean teeth and mouth . The slight pause to let you know to change areas is no bother at all , its more of a pulse than a pause . I will buy another when needed . Try it out !!
 Placing the order and receiving it were as simple as it should be . No delays or hidden charges . The product is great - I 've owned one before so was expecting just what I got . I 'd recommend both the product and using Amazon to purchase .
 This toothbrush is much better than the Oral-B Crossaction Power that I used earlier . The head is nice and small and gets into hard to reach areas , the brush stand has no exposed metal -LRB- it 's really cool from an engineering standpoint , they seem to be using a magnetic field to charge the battery -RRB- , so it 's pretty safe to leave by the sink.After using the brush , my teeth feel smooth & clean , like after going to a dentist . It takes a little getting used to but the bristles are soft and do n't hurt your gums.I 've been using the product only for a month , some other reviewers were disappointed with the battery life , I ca n't comment on that yet . However , I think Ni-Cd batteries are happier if you put them through full charge/discharge cycles , a full charge lasts a week . At least 250 full charge/discharge cycles is what I expect out of Ni-Cd 's , charging once every week gives me about 250 weeks -LRB- little more than 4.5 years -RRB- . I do n't actually think I 'll have the toothbrush that long , but the point is that I think the battery should be fine if you do n't charge it everyday.Also , this really should n't matter but this toothbrush is made in Germany .
 This brush is great . Well worth the money . There is a noticable difference between using this and using a manual brush . I also used to have a sonicare and this is way better .
 So far it has met my expectations . I have only been using it for a few weeks .
 Web site often suggest what other people bought at same time . The replacement brush heads suggested do not fit the Oral B S-200 . Be sure you order right brushes .
 Very happy with Sonic Complete Rechargeable Toothbrush . Has the feel of the instrument the dentist uses to clean your teeth . Does a great a job .
 I previous had a elite sonic care tooth brush that cost over $ 100.00 and died a few years later ... the sonic care people did not to fix my old toothbrush , instead they wanted me to buy a new one . . so i would never buy sonic care again ... i saw the reviews on this toothbrush and decide to try it ... 1st my teeth feel a lot cleaner than with sonic care elite . . the only thing is that when you use to toothbrush longer than 20 seconds , a fully charged battery runs out in about 4 -5 days . . so you have to keep in the the charger everyday ... also it louder than the sonic care elite . . but you get use to it ... your teeth are really squeaky clean after you use this toothbrush , i know i ran my finger over my teeth and it squeaked ... this is a great toothbrush at a great price ...
 Top notch electric toothbrush ! Our dentist is amazed at how we never have plaque build up when we go for our 6 month cleaning appts . Would recommend highly , especially if you dont frequent a dentist as often .
 I bought this as a 2nd toothbrush for my girlfriend who visits on the weekends . She normally uses the one that rotates by Oral B . After using this sonic TB she wants to take it home and leave the old one at my house . I highly recommend this TB . Had it since October '09 and have had no problems with it . Only lacks the travel case which you can easily rig one up but that would have been a nice accessory .
 We owned an older model Braun power brush but it was n't sonic . This is smaller and ligher -- takes up way less counter space . The cleaning is wonderful and makes your mouth feel fresh and wonderful . It does however , make quite a ` singing ' noise while using . My son actually LOVES how it sounds and wants his own ... I think for some kids it would be a great way for them to brush -- you can open/close your mouth to change the pitch ! Great price as well , it has come down in recent years . A pleasure to use .
 It 's a great product by Oral B , this model are not too soft , doing its work to brush every single teeth and gum , i like to use 2nd level to massage gum . This is my 2nd one , I 've tried professional however , it 's too professional , I only need a basic reliable toothbrush .
 This is a really great toothbrush . I 'm the son of a dentist , so I was taught at an early age the `` proper '' way to brush your teeth . Well , after the VERY first time I used the Oral B S-200 , my teeth felt more clean than my regular toothbrush ever got them , and felt more like they do right after coming from the dentist for a cleaning ! This is a great product that is priced well , and well worth the purchase.I think my favorite feature is the built in timer that pulses the toothbrush every 30 seconds so you know to switch to a different part of your mouth . My only complaint is that it 's hard to brush your tongue with , but my tongue scraper takes care of that just fine .
 I owned an older model Braun with the round brush and never really liked it , but this Sonic Toothbrush works great . I would highly recommend it .
 I had been thinking about getting one of these for a while and when it came on super sale at Amazon , I bought it . I definitely feel like my teeth are cleaner using this brush over a regular brush . I 'll be interested to see how my next dentist appointment goes and if I have to spend less time than usual with the dental hygienist and that scary sharp scraper thing she uses .
 I love this toothbrush . It certainly helps me to brush longer . My husband is not keen on the sound however .
 I have owned and used the Oral B Sonic Complete model S-200 for nearly three years . I should note that a lot of this review is probably applicable to the S-320 model as well.When I first started using the toothbrush , it took a while to get used to the sonic vibrations in my mouth . It was a very unusual sensation -- almost tickled -- and made me laugh , but I soon got used to it after about a week . Interestingly , when my girlfriend first started using it she had the same experience , could n't stop laughing.I noticed immediately that my teeth felt much cleaner , very smooth . It was effortless to clean my teeth since the toothbrush did all the real work . One thing I noticed that was not advertised was that in addition to the 2-minute timer -LRB- three long pauses -RRB- , the brush also indicates 30-second intervals -LRB- one short pause -RRB- , which I found very helpful for timing even brushing around all my teeth.I purchased replacement heads at regular intervals , and would recommend the soft heads . After about two years of using the brush , I noticed some small areas at the base of a few teeth that became VERY sensitive to the slightest pressure . My dentist informed me that this was due to gum recession -LRB- when the gums are pushed back from the tooth , exposing the more delicate and HIGHLY sensitive roots of the tooth -RRB- caused by vigorous brushing . I did n't think I was brushing vigorously at all , but I had been using the regular `` clean '' setting . After hearing that this discomfort was due to brushing I started using the `` soft '' setting and things returned to normal , and this lower setting still effectively cleaned my teeth.Unfortunately , in the last few weeks the toothbrush would occasionally not turn on , and eventually started to spontaneously/randomly turn on for brief moments . Apparently this was its death cry . I 'm not sure whether leaving the toothbrush on the charger all the time would over time lead to diminished battery life , but would recommend against storing it on the charger.Overall , I really liked the sonic complete toothbrush , would buy it again , and highly recommend everyone use a sonic toothbrush.Pros : - superior teeth cleaning - 2-minute and 30-second timers - does not automatically turn off after two minutes like some other electronic toothbrushes - long-lasting charge -LRB- took it on several two-week vacations and it still had more charge left when I returned home -RRB- - storage for three additional heads in charging station * - toothbrush head holder in charging station can be pulled out easily for routine cleaning * - drainage holes in the bottom of each toothbrush head slot -LRB- no nasty buildup -RRB- and good ventilation allows heads to dry -LRB- no mildew/mold -RRB- * - wall-mountable charging station * - non-slip rubber bottom on charging station - solid construction , heads stay onCons : - no replacement battery -LRB- dead battery = bulky manual toothbrush -RRB- - no carrying case -LRB- apparently the S-320 model does -RRB- - very long & bulky -LRB- it was hard to fit into my toiletries travel case -RRB- - no PDF/digital owner 's manual -LRB- OK , so this might be nit-picking , but keeping the printed manuals for every electronics gadget is a pain ! -RRB- * It appears that the S-200 model no longer comes with the larger charging station with head storage , but the S-320 model does .
 I have used this product over the past month and here are my findings : Pros1 -RRB- Cleans teeth well , I have deep molars and it gets down in the crevices .2 -RRB- Refills are cheap enough -LRB- $ 5 dollar range -RRB- unlike some toothbrushes - low cost of ownership3 -RRB- Well sealed , does n't seem to build up any toothpaste munge , and rinses off well4 -RRB- A second push on the power button when running goes into `` slow '' vibration mode - good for brushing your tongue without feeling like you 're going to gagCons1 -RRB- 30 second pause - every 30 seconds it pauses with a little blip - gets kind of annoying2 -RRB- Packaging was kind of flimsy , and it does n't come with a cover for the toothbrush head which is less sanitary in a bathroom setting , and will make it annoying to share across multiple people with nowhere to store the extra heads.OverallGood product , works well , seems to be standing up to normal use . If you 're looking for a no-nonsense toothbrush at a reasonable price , this is it .
 The sensations of this toothbrush are weirdly satisfying especially if you have never used a sonic toothbrush before . They key selling point is that our teeth have never felt quite so polished . The price is great , the brush is simple and pleasant to use . Would recommend .
 I love the Sonic Complete , especially because I 'm one of those people who need a brush with a head on it like a real toothbrush ... not a small round one . This brush does the job , removing plaque effectively . I 'm a dental hygienist , and have used the Sonicare -LRB- which stopped working -RRB- , and the other Oral B Braun round head brushes . I prefer the Sonic Complete .
 I had bought a Sonicare toothbrush not too long ago as I had one that died . On a recent trip to the mountains of Colorado I misplaced the Sonicare and can not find it . I bought this for a couple of reasons - it was less expensive than the Sonicare , I wanted to compare the two , and if I find the Sonicare I will have two different brushes.So far I have been very pleased with the unit . Has many of the same features and the timer is a nice feature . Pros are that it seems to be as efficient as the Sonicare , easier to keep clean , and is lighter . Cons are that after the timer goes through it cycle it does not shut off the toothbrush . Also , the location of the on/off button is such that -LRB- for the way I use it -RRB- it is easy to change the setting on the brush or shut it off . Once you change it the timer resets itself.All in all I would recommend this to anyone .
 I have 4 of s-200 , one s-320 for my father now . My wife , son and me use one at home , I have one at work . I bought them on Ebay for less than half the retail price , so I can buy more to save the trouble to switch heads . This unit is better than original sonicare in almost very way . It cleans teeth at least as good as sonicare , but the design does not require you clean the root of the tooth brush head regularly like sonicare does . The brush head has a better quality than sonicare , after 2 years of regular use , the head cleans almost as new . Although oral-b recommends you to replace it for very 3 month , I found it is only necessary for manual teeth brush , fast vibrating cleaning action preserve the brush cleaning power much much better , it does not bend the brush that much.I had the first s-200 for more than 5 years now , it still charges very well and cleans strong . The German really did a wonderful engineering job . My first two sonicare only lasted two years in comparison for their batteries to reach the end life .
 When my Sonicare toothbrush stopped working after only 18 months , I asked my dentist for a toothbrush recommendation . He recommended this toothbrush , and I love it ! . The 30 second indicator to move to another section of your mouth frees me up to think about other things than brushing . My teeth have never felt cleaner . I enjoy the clean feeling and the brushing so much , that I find myself brushing more often and for longer than 2 minutes at a time . The brush takes up little room on my bathroom counter , and the toothbrush was a great price . Overall , a really good purchase for me .
 I purchased this tooth brush because my other one gave out . I like this tooth brush , it does a good job and the price was right .
 My Mom got me my first oral B electric and I fell in love . Really ! They make your teeth feel so clean . When the one my Mom bought me would no longer hold a charge I bought this one . I went with the same one . I would recommend leaving it off the charger like it says to do in the manual . I did n't with my first one and I think that is why the battery life was shorter than one would expect . I did have braces and brushed at least 3 if not more times a day so maybe I just used it up . I have already gotten more battery life out of this one , than my first one and I do leave it off the charger .
 Love the toothbrush ! It replaced one that we purchased at the dentist office . These are no longer available so I was delighted to find it at Amazon . Great service !
 The seller did n't include an invoice with my purchase but was extremely responsive and sent me a copy of the invoice quickly . It 's nice that the seller pays such close attention to consumer feedback .
 I bought two of these Oral-B toothbrush units in mid-December 2009 , one for me and one for my husband . They are very effective , leaving the teeth looking and feeling clean . Problem
 I 'm very happy with this toothbrush I bought a year ago . My sensitive teeth much prefer it to the non-sonic Oral-B electric that I was previously using , and my teeth are very much whiter than before as well . I 've had no problems or quality issues with this product either .
 This was highly rated by Consumer Reports , Amazon.com had the best price by far , so my pearly whites are happy and so am I !
 I bought this a while ago and it is still going strong . My dentist has stated I have less tarter build up and it is worth it .
 This is a great little toothbrush . Actually , it 's not so little ... But it gets the job done well , and the timer ensures that you 'll give each quadrant of your mouth adequate cleaning . After my last AA power toothbrush corroded and died after just a few months of use , I picked this one up . It seems to be made to last .
 I have been using an oral B rotating brush head for several years . This sonicoral B is by far superior . I have been using it for about a month and my teethare almost to a point of `` dental hygienist '' clean . It has a timer which ishelpful plus cuts off if brushing an area too hard . Love this brush !!
 I bought this for my wife when her Sonicare died . She loves it . Great price . She did n't want the better one and is very happy with it . Her teeth look great and she likes the way they feel after brushing .
 This was purchased as a gift for my father , who has Parkinson 's Disease and was having trouble brushing his teeth . This item was a perfect gift , because the brush does all of the work , and his teeth are getting cleaner than before . I later ordered replacement heads , and now my mother shares the base and they are both able to use this to brush their teeth . It apparently was n't too difficult to learn how to use , as my parents are both in their seventies and do not care for a lot of techno gadgets . As I was shopping for an electric toothbrush , the reviews on this model steered me toward it specifically because of its ease of use . It does need a spot to sit that is near an outlet for recharging . If you do n't have adequate counter space , you will have to be a bit creative or flexible -LRB- or both -RRB- to make this work , but my folks are very pleased with how their teeth feel after using this brush . Initially , my mother said her gums bled a bit , but after a few days , that has stopped , indicating better gingival health ! So , yes , when I am an empty nester and can utilize my counter space for this tool , I will purchase one , too ! -LRB- Well , okay ... maybe sooner . -RRB- As I shopped around for this item , I found the best price here at Amazon . It was definitely worth the amount of $ $ .
 I have been using the brush for about a month . Its not as powerful a a Sonicare but still works fine . I love the feel of the handle , it is slim and very light weight . It hold a charge for sbout two weeks . Only con is after two minutes of brushing it does n't turn off on it on , you have to manual do it . Great brush so buy one much more bang for buck than Sonicare .
 I bought this product about a month ago and have really liked it so far . I really feel that my mouth feels cleaner after I brush with this toothbrush . It has also helped me brush longer and more thuroughly . It gives you a warning every 30 seconds , telling you when to switch sides of your mouth . While I do n't always use this , it has helped me to brush for a full two minutes.Each charge last for a long time as well . I actually ca n't remember the last time I charged my toothbrush . I would say once every couple weeks , and I brush multiple times a day.The only con I have noticed is that the tooth brush head is alittle small , but the vibration and cleaning power of the toothbrush makes this less noticeable.I would recommend this toothbrush to anyone looking for a better toothbrush that wants a cleaner mouth and whiter teeth .
 I am glad I made the purchase , my teeth feel so much cleaner and I am brushing longer as well .
 I would definitely recommend this toothbrush . It leaves your teeth feeling cleaner than ever without harming your gums .
 My dentist recommended this and I had been watching prices to get the best deal when I saw this and ordered it . I really like the way it makes my teeth feel just like I had a real cleaning at the dentist office . The only thing that takes some getting used to is the vibrations , they make my nose tickle . It works great !
 I love this toothbrush ! I previously had a Sonic Complete Pro and it lasted 4 years . It was a great toothbrush ; however , the battery died and since you ca n't replace the batteries I had to buy another . Amazon offered a great deal on this toothbrush . Now it 's not the Pro but I really do n't need the extra toothbrush compartment which is pretty much the difference between the two models . I love this toothbrush ! When I go for my annual cleaning to the dentist they always comment on how clean and tarter free my teeth are .
 I bought this toothbrush about 2 years ago and have happily used it ever since . It leaves the teeth feeling clean and is not too bulky to hold . I find the timer buzz convenient and easy to ignore if you chose so . Ca n't see why people find it annoying.Both my husband and myself use the same model - we just change brush heads . The brush head replacements are inexpensive and come with different colored rings . The battery holds charge forever , which is great for trips . We 've taken it to 8-10 day trips without the charger , and used it both twice a day , and it still had charge . Highly recommended .
 I bought this to replace a worn out -LRB- dead battery -RRB- Oral-B 3d electric toothbrush . The Sonic seems much easier on my gums , and seems to be an effective cleaner . I 'm not thrilled with the 30 sec timer -LRB- it stutters -RRB- , but perhaps it 's forcing me to brush longer . The sonic action really seems to get the toothpaste into all the nooks and crannies , but also -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- onto my shirt . You really have to make a conscious effort to keep your mouth closed , and even then toothpaste will inevitably leak out . I think the sonic action liquefies the paste much more than manual brushing . A great toothbrush overall .
 I purchased this toothbrush for my kids . I am tired of the hefty dentist bills and wanted to try something to get the kids to do a better job brushing their teeth thoroughly . The timer that this toothbrush has is really nice . It lets the kids know when 30 seconds is up and they can now move to the other side of their mouth . So far , it is helping the kids brush for a full 2 minutes !
 This is the second purchase of one of these . The last one lasted 4 or 5 years . We like the timer , it reminds us to brush for 2 minutes .
 Works great , I use it every day . I 'm really glad I made the switch from a regular toothbrush .
 I have never owned an electric toothbrush but after being encouraged by the dentist for years , I decided to break down and get one . My teeth have never felt cleaner and it has helped me to brush longer . It took a few days to get use to the brush but after that , easy . The brush is easy to use and the timer is great . My only complaint is the light on the charger is quite bright so you need to shut the bathroom door , especially when it is in the blinking mode and charging . Other than that , a great product . We 'll see what the dentist thinks at the next visit ! New smile !
 It was recommended by my dentist and it 's terrific . You can really feel the difference from other electric toothbrushes . It both cleans your teeth and massages your gums . Even my girlfriend who I never thought would want to use an electric toothbrush used mine and then wanted one for Christmas .
 You will notice whiter teeth within days , your teeth feel cleaner , gums feel tougher , and battery life is amazing . It will go up to 2 weeks on one charge . It has a built-in timer so you know how long to brush each quadrant of your mouth . It also has 2 speeds for sensitivity . Great purchase , a must have for anyone that is particular about oral hygiene .
 Have daughter with braces ... her teeth never looked better . Much improved from just using a standard toothbrush .
 Initially the sensation made me giggle . After a couple uses I got used to the process and have even changed my initial thoughts that the whole timing idea was silly . My teeth feel cleaner , mouth fresher , and I 'm hopeful that I will no longer get the `` floss '' lecture from my dental team.Now that 's something to smile about !
 So you 've read the reviews about how this is a great toothbrush that does the job and your teeth will be clean . This review chooses to focus on the color scheme of this Oral-B unit . I chose to rate this product with five stars . If I had the option , I would specifically rate this a 4.9 , less than a perfect score , solely because of the questionable color plastics chosen for this toothbrush . To start it off , the front of the handle was made aquamarine . This hideous color should not match any sane person 's bathroom decor . But if that was n't bad enough , the back of the handle is a repugnant seafoam green color . Between these varying shades of hideousness , a strip of cerulean blue flake plastic accents the toothbrush . The brush head itself has a ring of royal blue around the neck , and the back of the brush head is cornflower blue . Of course , the bristles themselves are yet another random shade of blue . In conclusion , this is a very solid product that is held back by the fact that it looks like a hodgepodge of different color plastics , none of which come anywhere near matching or aethsetically pleasing . Why ca n't they just make this toothbrush a simple black , white , or any solid color ? I recommend this product to anyone who wants clean teeth and ca n't decide between the color green or blue .
 I have had a sonicare in the past and was in the market for a new toothbrush . This one is very good . I like the 30 second stutter that happens as you brush . It makes brushing mindless and helped my boys know how long to brush each area . There is a high and low setting that was useful for the kids . One problem I had happend 2 weeks after the purchase . My oldest boy dropped the tooth brush in the sink and a corner broke off the bottom . Not to worry it still worked and charged . Then 3 months later I started having trouble with the vibration of the head . I think my boys were pressing too hard on their teeth . Now it does not vibrate at all and its useless . I ca n't really fault the tooth brush but ... thought I should mention it .
 I have really bad teeth and gums . I have to go to the dentist every 3-6 months . They recommended this toothbrush with the use of `` go betweens '' , floss and listerine . Between all of these items and using them religiously EVERY day my experience in the dentist chair is much much better .
 This item shipped really fast . I fits perfectly and a much better price than in the store . Definently a good buy .
 Do n't get ripped off my Walgreens or Fred Meyers , buy the replacement brush heads here on Amazon ! They are exactly the same and work perfectly with mine and my wife 's Oral B toothbrushes .
 I love my toothbrush , I have had it for over four years now . I have to say that the replacement head brushes are a lot of money . But ... do I get complimented on my smile always ? Yes , yes I do : D
 Ca n't mess a toothbrush up ! They are fine ... just like the ones I purchase at thedentist office , only a little more reasonable !
 We use this brush with Jason 's pepermint toothpaste and it works great ! The Jason 's toothpaste also whitens and polishes your teeth.Jesus ' Blessings and Peace
 I have been using these toothbrush heads for over 3 years and I have been extremely satisfied ! I recommend these toothbrush heads !
 I need these and where I purchase supplies -LRB- brick and mortar store -RRB- they are behind lock and key . It takes forever to get staff to get the key , etc. . Much easier -LRB- and faster -RRB- to order them from Amazon .
 Finally found what I needed -LRB- correct refills -RRB- after buying the wrong ones in the stores . I guess you can find refills at some of the `` Big Box Stores , '' but I got tired of running around town to find the ones I needed . Works for me !
 Just what I expected . How much else can be said about a toothbrush head . Seems like harassment to need to addwords for nothing .
 These brush heads are great . High quality and worth the money . I purchased cheaper brush heads but they did n't last , ended up costing more money because they needed to be replaced about four times more frequently .
 The price is right and the ease of ordering will have me purchasing this item again . My husband also uses Sonic and he will be ordering again , also .
 I have the electric toothbrush set that these are the replacement heads for it . Very excited to find them at Amazon.com for a resonable price plus FREE shipping ! Score !
 Arrived on time , no defects what so ever , and totally functional . I would recommend this item and this provider to anyone who uses this type of oral care .
 good buy.fits my tooth brushes.please keep them on hand as we will be ordering more . One thing make sure you get the right name of your tooth brush .
 I was happy to find the brush heads becasue you no longer can buy them in the store . the product is good quality and the price was right .
 You buy something that works well and want to continue to use it , but there are always new and improved replacements coming on to the market , so , what is one to do ? Tired of going to brick and morter stores only to be disappointed I went online to Amazon and found what I had been looking for , purchased it online , and received it as fast as I would have wanted . And what do you know ? The product is genuine and actually works as ever I remember . Thanks .
 Pricing allows for more frequent replacment of this now several years old toothbrush that workes well for me . Quarterly visits to the hyfgienist and daily use has kept this 65 + year old mouth intact .
 fit my oral b sonicare perfectly . I was nervous they wouldnt fit based on some reviews , but they fit no problem !
 Getting a little hard to find , and a little pricy if you can still find them at a retail store
 The dental hygienist commented that my teeth looked cleaner with less plaque than before and asked if I was using an electric toothbrush . I said yes and she told me to keep using it . Local convenience stores were selling replacement heads for $ 25 , but Amazon sold them for a lot less . The shipment arrived quickly too .
 This is just what I needed to replace my old , worn out brush heads . It was delivered in a timely manner and in good , working condition . I had no problems .
 I was glad to find this because I could n't find the right one in the stores . It fits great .
 I could not find this product in our local retail stores and when I did they were far more expensive than ordering thru this vendor . I am a very satisfied customer.Product arrived on-time and as expected .
 After this experience-I will do more shopping on Amazon . I got a great price on these brushes-the best yet . I loved the fast shipping & excellent service . I am very impressed.I do alot of shopping on line and will start checking out Amazon FIRST-Thanks !
 I like my toothbrush and these heads . My only complaint is that they wear down quickly so you have to replace them often . I 'm not sure if all electric toothbrushes are like this but it seems I replace these heads far more often than I ever replaced regular toothbrushes . Good product though and does a great job cleaning .
 Very good product that I have known for a while . This newer one is better than the older ones .
 This is a new product for me - takes some getting used to but was recommended by my hygenist
 Item ordered was item received . Three new replacement heads still in original packing . Easy fit . Shipping time was a bit long IMO .
 Both , the toothbrush and replacement brush are excellent products . I tried to buy replacement brushes locally but had no luck . I finally went to Amazon on line and was able to order the replacement brushes reasonably priced.John S. , Lake Hiawatha , N.J.
 The Oral-B Sonic replacement heads were hard to find in the stores . These were a good price , and it was very convenient to have them delivered .
 I can not buy this product in the store anymore and was glad to fine it on line . It came promptly after I ordered it .
 So happy I do n't have to throw away a perfectly good electric toothbrush . These replacement heads were no where to be found in my area so I am happy that the toothbrush can still be used for a while longer .
 The product was delivered timely and in great condition . I would gladly do business with this individual again .
 Thank you for making this more affordable ! Have checked many different places and they wanted way more than you !
 I have been using this product for several years . Unfortunately , the stores have quit carrying it in favor of new , more expensive items . My product is still in good condition so I need the replacement heads , and found them on Amazon . I will need new ones again , as I change them every few months .
 Commending on prompt delivery . Great to get this type item on line . I hate store shopping , I always end up with more stuff than I went in for.Thanks
 Ca n't find these anywhere in the stores anymore so was happy to find them here . Hubby is happy because he finally got to change the head to his toothbrush .
 I love the Oral B Sonic . I 've been using it for at least 5 years . My only gripe is that it 's difficult to find the replacement heads . Luckily , I found them at a great price at Amazon.com . The retail stores could never beat this value but since most stores no longer carry them , it 's a moot point .
 I was happy to find these . I have been looking for a while . this was a good price .
 I was having a hard time finding these replacement toothbrushes in stores . I looked on-line and found them . Some of the prices were outrageous but not at Amazon.com . The shipping was very fast and I am very pleased with the toothbrushes and the price I paid for them .
 I always purchase the replacement heads here as they are too difficult to find , and when you do , outrageously priced ... thanks Amazon !
 The brushes ware out after about a month , which is why new ones need to be purchased and used .
 The price was lower than retail stores . The order was delivered quickly . I am completely satisfied with this purchase .
 I bought this electric toothbrush years ago on the recommendation of my dentist . Years later , it 's still going strong . Even better , I stopped getting regular cavities.The brush heads have a long life similar to the toothbrush . I did n't even realize how long it had been since I replaced them until I took a survey that asked when I last replaced my brush heads and realized I was an outlier . So I 've ordered another batch.I use one brushhead and change it to another for my toddler son to use . Effective and and long-lasting . I ca n't ask for anything more .
 This was a very cheap and easy purchase . It got here in a timely manner . Thanks so much !
 Its been hard to find a replacement brush for my Oral-B Vitality Precision Clean Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush . This fits very well and decent price -LRB- yes , they are not cheap , but compare to many others , this is not bad -RRB- . Received everything very fast . I will probably buy from them again .
 I 've had my Oral-B Sonic toothbrush for a few years now and use Amazon 's Subscribe and Save to replace my brushes as needed . The brushes contain the famous Oral-B blue indicator bristles that provides a nice reminder of when to replace your brushes . These brushes get the job done .
 I ca n't find these Oral B brush heads in the store any longer . So I was thrilled to find them on line.Them came very quickly and at a resonable price .
 I was so delighted to find the bursh heads that I ordered two packages ... am covered for the year . Finding the refills on Amazon turned a hard job into an easy one ...
 Oral-B Sonic Replacement Brush Head -LRB- 3 ct. -RRB- this is one of the orginal sonic appliances but as long as I can obtain the brushes -LRB- no longer available in stores , hence one is forced to buy a new appliance at a healthy cost -RRB- I will continue to use it . Works great . I was pleased with the fast delivery and product was exactly what I ordered .
 These are hard to get in the store , and I got them cheaper and faster through Amazon . Love the service .
 Great product ! I 've used it for years . As Braun/Oral-B has marketed newer models , the brush heads for my model are no longer available in retail . So I am very grateful they are available through Amazon !
 I was very happy to find refills for our Oral B Sonic replacement and to top it off , the prices were fantastic . So thank you Amazon .
 Kudos to Amazon and seller !!! I can always find hard to get itemsm discontinued items and just plain ole rare items from Amazon . Brand new item and fast shipping .
 I 'm the type of person who naturally moves my hand in a circular motion when brushing my teeth . So all those high tech ones that rotate do n't work for me . This one has a gentle vibrate that allows me to control the motion while it deep cleans better than a regular brush . I recommend it to anyone who has a similar brushing style .
 Shopped around at all the stores in my area and even with shipping , these replacement heads were the cheapest . They were even the same price as some of the single head packages at my local stores . Work great . Will buy again at Amazon .
 They 're good brush heads . They are the ones that work with my toothbrush so that 's why I purchased them . Amazon has the best price I 've found .
 These are great brush heads . They last a lot more than 3 months - which is the standard time tooth brush companies tell you to change to a new brush . I brush at least twice a day with my Oral-B electric toothbrush and I get about 5 months per head -LRB- sometimes longer -RRB- . They clean my teeth well and do a great job at stimulating my gums . These brush heads are hard to find in stores and when I do find them they are very expensive . Amazon 's price is much cheaper so I always get it on Amazon .
 After being shocked at the price of these refills in the local drugstore I was glad to find them on Amazon for basically half the price . I bought two packages to take advantage of free shipping so it was like getting 6 heads for the price of 3 . They were exactly what I needed for my Oral B Vitality Sonic toothbrush , Type 3709 . They even arrived faster than expected .
 This product was exactly what I was looking for . It fits perfectly and works wonderful . I have not had any problems so far . You CAN NOT beat this price , I have searched fair and wide , and this was def the best price I was able to find .
 These replacement heads seem impossible to find in the market place . I am very happy with the order I placed and will do so again !
 The Oral-B Sonic brushes were as they said they would be . These are very hard to find in my area and I was excited to find them on Amazon . The price was excellent . They arrived earlier than expected and in great condition .
 Be sure to select the proper refill for your specific automatic toothbrush . I got our correct replacement the first time with Amazon . Excellent product !
 Ca n't find these replacements in stores anymore so bought these on amazon . Good price and fits my Vitality Sonic toothbrush .
 I love love love this product . I have had this Oral-B sonic tooth brush system for 5 years . I would definately buy another one should I need to replace it .
 I could not even find this particular brush head at most stores . The one store that I found them wanted $ 27.00 for 2 heads . You ca n't beat the price here .
 These are hard to find at my local store . Love being able to purchase them automatically , every three months ! One thing less to worry about .
 The product arrived quickly and was as described . It matched exactly what I was looking for for my rechargable toothbrush . Thanks !
 This is a good brush head replacement , fitting just the same as the original heads . However , the bristles on the heads seem to be noticeably tougher than the originals . I did n't do a side by side comparison , and am only going off my memory . Just a heads up that I think the original heads had softer bristles .
 Ca n't find these replacement heads in the stores but can always rely on Amazon to have what I need . I now have clean happy teeth !
 These brush heads were cheaper than some of the other places . I have had my electric toothbrush for 3 or 4 years and it works good . Good Product amazon.Thank You , Alicia Whittington
 This brush is not going to do all your work for you . You still have to work it into all the crevices you can find , but the vibrations help loosen the stuff that ought not to be there , and they stimulate the gums somewhat . Dentists say you should change your brush after several months . Some of the bristles change color from blue to white when it 's time to make the switch .
 Last year my electric toothbrush broke and I went searching for a new one . I ended up with the Oral B Sonic Complete - it had 2 brush handles and a charger which was perfect since I still had the old charger . It came with a travel case that fit the handle and a brush head conveniently for travel . When it came time to buy new brush heads , I could n't find them anywhere in a store , so finally decided to let my fingers do the walking and found them on Amazon at half the price of a store . This particular brush and head are the best of all of the ones I have tried before - I love them and my dentist even commented that he noticed a positive improvement in staining around the spaces and gums . I will probably never buy these in a store again .
 I LOVE LOVE LOVE my Oral-B Sonic Complete , but I do not love paying $ 20 + for 3 replacement brush heads at the store . Searching Amazon I found a variety of cheaper options , but most of them seemed to be off-brand and did n't have the best reviews . Then I found this gem , the original Oral-B product at a super duper discount ! Yee-haw , I hope they are able to continue offering this product at such a great price .
 After searching retail outlets for over a month with no luck , my wife suggested going online to buy replacement toothbrush heads for my Oral B. Amazon had them at a very good price , and they were delivered in a couple of days .
 Very durable heads . The shape of it is very streamline making the brushing experience nice . The color screams `` YEAH '' !!!!!! Wish they put a racing stripe on the side ... . There 's a party in your mouth and Oral B is the house keeping that keeps it clean . . : -RRB-
 I have an older model , close to 6 years , of the Oral-B ultrasounic toothbrush and could no longer find the replacement heads in the stores . In fact , I bought another model just recently but then I found these on Amazon and was thrilled . Works great .
 These are great replacement heads especially for the price . This is a good toothbrush and has lasted me quite some time .
 I wish I did n't need to write so many words to submit this review . It 's a tooth brush head -LRB- actually 3 in the package -RRB- . It is what it says it is , it does what it 's supposed to & the price is right
 I love this heads and the toothbrush they are used on . I 've been using these for years and have never had a cavity .
 These are the brush heads for an older electric toothbrush and this was a good price for this hard to find item
 Fits my Oral-B S-320 Sonic Complete Rechargeable Power Toothbrush perfectly . Nice firm bristles , color change to let you know when you &#8220; should &#8221; change but I use them for a while after that . Have bought several and all of them fit as they should and no problem with bristles or anything . Found a generic version but with the reviews about not staying correctly on the unit or bristles falling out I didn &#8217; t want to chance it as I knew these are good quality and have never had problems &#8230; not going to mess around with my health . Dentist always compliments how clean I keep my teeth so I &#8217; d say they &#8217; re doing their job .
 I had a difficult time finding the right brush heads for my Sonic Complete . These fit perfectly and were a good price .
 Works perfectly . No one carries them - not cvs , not Walgreens , not target , not rite aid . And the price was great .
 The Sonic Replacement Brush Heads work really well , and you ca n't beat the price . I would n't try to buy a genaric brand .
 I love these brush heads with my electric toothbrush , although they are very expensive.However , regardless of the price , i will continue buying these brush heads .
 This fits the Oral-B Vitality Sonic Braun Toothbrush Type 3709 -LRB- on charging stand -RRB- I had trouble finding these , as the Oral-B website sent me to the wrong Amazon link.They are exactly like the brush head that came with my toothbrush , so I am happy.My old brush head had stopped giving me the clean feeling that it had originally gave me , and this replacement head made my toothbrush as good as new . I now have that clean feeling once more .
 This toothbrush head does all of the work . Good for people who scrub too hard with the traditional toothbrush , therefore damaging your teeth -LRB- that is what my dentist told me the problem I had -RRB- , eletric toothbrushes like this one prevent you from brushing too hard , and more efficient . Teeth feel really clean after using this toothbrush heads.Price wise , it is much cheaper than the price in local drug store , plus you do n't need to pay sales tax here , big saving .
 Replacement heads for the oral-b electronic toothbrush lasts more than the 3 months they suggest -LRB- and that is based on brushing twice daily -RRB- . They do a reasonable job in keeping your teeth clean and refreshing.Also good value for the money by purchasing via amazon.com .
 I was happy to find this product at the low price and they were shipped very quick .
 Needed replacement heads for my toothbrush . This pack is much cheaper than other prices I found -LRB- plus , I really like my toothbrush -RRB- .
 very satified with both the timeliness of shipping and the quality of the product . would definately place more orders for refills with this company
 got it today ... free shipping , half the price of stores if you can find it . It definitely works with Vitality Sonic series -LRB- 3737 -RRB- . Got ta love it when a plan comes together.Just got order # 2 ... 1st order was a half day late ... free shipping makes it ok . 2nd order was on time and less expensive . These are the real deal ... love the price .
 Wanted to purchase at Bed Bath and Beyond , but the items were not available . However , the price was better even with BBB and their 20 % coupon .
 After looking in many stores for the correct type of toothbrush head , I was afraid I would have to replace the base which is too expensive to have to replace when it is in fine working order . I am grateful that I was able to purchase the correct replacements .
 These brushes fit my Oral-B Sonic Complete brush perfectly . Snug fit and they are just like the ones that came with it originally . Still think they are pricey , but most of the reviews on the aftermarkets ones are not great .
 These replacement brush heads are name brand Oral B as advertised ! If your thinking about getting a knock off brand replacement brush head , please do n't !!! You 're Oral B toothbrush was made to be used with Oral B brush heads . The performance will go down dramitically if you use an off brand . That being said , these will leave your mouth feeling extremely fresh and clean !
 This was the only place I could find this specific head for my electric toothbrush . Works perfectly and my teeth are clean . No complaints here .
 I spent 4 different trips to various stores to find my toothbrush replacements . This was the only place I found them and it was so easy . No more driving around for me .
 These fit my Oral-B Sonic Vitality , received them quickly and ordering online was a lot easier than driving around looking for these .
 I could not find these retired toothbrush heads in the stores . I was delighted to find them on Amazon and receive them so quickly .
 I love this new feature of Amazon - having an item I need regularly sent on a selected schedule ! It makes it so easy to get things that are hard to find .
 Santa brought us our sonic tooth brush and we love it . The problem is stores no longer carry this particular replacement since the toothbrush -- which works great - is not this year 's model . Glad to find the brush head .
 After driving all over town and wasting time looking for replacement brushes at the wholesale clubs , big box stores , and local drug stores I decided to check Amazon . Viola ! Three days later I had my much needed brushes and the shipping was FREE . I should have checked Amazon FIRST ! I have used this Oral B Vitality Sonic brush for years and really like it . I do n't know why retailers are no longer stocking the replacements .
 Brush heads sold at great place for replacements for Oral B toothbrush . Would continue to buy at Amazon at this price .
 We 've used the Sonic Complete System since last summer and have found it made a significant difference from manual toothbrushes - the heads do a great job in dislodging small particles and also seem to help in brightening the teeth . Oral B recommends replacing every 3 months - we think it can safely stretch to 4-5 months , particularly since the heads are somewhat expensive compared to manual toothbrushes with regular replacement .
 This is a great toothbrush . Before I purchased this toothbrush , I used a regular Oral-B toothbrush with the rotating heads . When the battery in that one finally gave out , I though I would try something new . This toothbrush does a great job getting my teeth clean . It leaves your mouth tingling when you are done . There is a high , medium , and massage setting so you can take your pick . The end result is definitely cleaner teeth . This toothbrush is worth the higher price .
 perfect replacements for the original . Plus , the multipack comes in 3 slightly different colors , meaning that my fiancee and I can share the same base and swtich out the heads .
 As stated you get three tooth brush heads and they work great for my Oral B sonic complete.And these are less money than paying retail .
 Having no experience with any other toothbrush like this we can only say that it is a big improvement over manual brushing . The refills are clearly where the profits are but they do hold up well as part of the system -- not needing replacement all that often -LRB- 6 months -RRB- .
 The Oral-B Sonic Replacement brushes for my Sonic Care Complete were the first I 've purchased . They fit well and are equal to the originals that came with my gift . I still believe they are a little over-priced .
 Searched all over for these , hard to find , Amazon had the best price by far . the toothbrush itself is great , charge lasts a good , long time , & heads are easy to replace .
 Very pleased with the timeliness of receiving the product as well as the quality -LRB- as expected -RRB- Would order again from this company
 These replacements are much cheaper than you can get locally and you can set and reset a replacement schedule to save even more . I strongly recommend these .
 Product as described-Reasonable price in comparison to local discount superstore that is always out of stock & charges same price for just one brush .
 Exactly what I orderedExactly as shown.Would buy again from this company.Good shippping time .
 This is a very easy product to review . There is a consistency in Oral-B products which defies criticism . I always receive precisely what I 've ordered . It never varies . This is only a good thing .
 While the packaging had been cheaped out , the bristles hold up well to justify the price , and the price was under the competitors that I researched .
 This is the best price on these replacement brushes that I 've found any where . And , the shipping was free !
 very pleased with the replacement brush heads . I received the toothbrush awhile ago and found it difficult to find the replacements .
 Could n't find these in the store where I purchased the toothbrush -LRB- wally world -RRB- , so that was frustrating . Why sell a product that needs refills if you are n't going to provide the refills ? :-RRB- At least I can get the refills from a aupplier on Amazon for now , although not with the combined free shipping offer . The company shipped promptly .
 We 've tried several different electric toothbrushes , but this is the one we like the best , but would n't you know , it 's also the hardest to find . But , I 've discovered , I can always find it here and for the BEST price !
 We were a little disappointed that none of the stores carry these toothbrush heads for the Oral-B Sonic Toothbrush anymore . But we were so excited when we discovered they had our toothbrush heads on amazon . They are the same brand we used to buy in the store just a couple dollars less online for 3 toothbrush heads instead of just the one we used to buy for the same price , which is fabulous ! This product is superb because they last up to 4-5 months before having to change the head on the toothbrush . Plus they ship pretty fast . A win , win for this product !
 I have been hunting around to find these replacement brushes in various stores to no avail . I have the Sonic Complete system and none of the brushes in the stores fit this unit . Plus when I found them on Amazon , they were so much less expensive then what I had been seeing and I was THRILLED!Great shopping experience . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I can not find these replacement toothbrush heads anywhere except on Amazon . I get them for such a great price and the shipping is amazingly fast , I received them in three days , two days sooner than they said !
 This is a price that ca n't be beat . Even in the large stores like BJ 's or Sam 's club.They ca n't match this price . I used to use each one longer than recommendedbecause they were so expensive . Now , I can change the head every month .
 I searched all over for this product and every place I checked , the product was very expensive . However , when I checked with Amazon , the product was very reasonable priced . Overall , I was pleased with my purchase .
 I decided to purchase from Amazon since regular retail is ridiculous . Delivery was quick and I will purchase this item again in the future .
 Oral b claims to have our oral hygiene as their top priority , designing products to aid in saving our teeth . For the replacement heads , they give us the indicator bristles so we will know when they should be replaced . This is all wonderful , right ? Then why do they charge such a high price for the replacement heads ? My instinct is to use them until there is not a trace of blue left in the indicators . The list price for a 3 pack of replacement heads is $ 22 , and with 1/3 off , using Amazon takes some of the sting out of keeping updated - an action that Oral B should be taking !
 This is the best price I 've found online or locally . The toothbrushes themselves are excellent also .
 I was actually super happy when I got the items because it fit perfectly and i can feel the difference when brushing my teeth with a new brush head !
 I ordered the brush heads for the sonic vitality toothbrush . The replacement brush heads are better than the original brush head that came with the toothbrush . The product arrived quickly and I am pleased with the performance . I like the clean feeling it gives my teeth .
 This is a good product . Its on the cheaper side than most electric brushes but I think you get more than you spend . I reccomend to anyone !
 I had looked all over town for these replacement heads . Heck , there was no shelf space for this item in most of the stores . When I did find one at a local drugstore they wanted more than I paid for 3 !!! Glad these were available on Amazon .
 I was having difficulty locally finding the replacement heads for my Sonic Oral B toothbrush , which I love the results that I receive from this product . I found them here at Amazon.com at a much lower price than anywhere else I had searched . Received them within a very short time and look forward to receiving them on the automatic delivery .
 I bought this toothbrush a few months ago and was not looking forward to paying the full toothbrush price again for brushes . Amazon prime is awesome , it came in 2 days , and I saved 10 dollars from the local drugstore . I did subscribe to make the price go down even lower - great ! The toothbrush itself and the brushes are good for a low-cost sonic toothbrush .
 I ordered these replacement heads , and they arrived quickly and in excellent condition . Saved me a trip to the store , where they do n't always have these replacement heads in stock
 Finally ! I found the right toothbrush replacements for my sonic toothbrush unit ! I have had a difficult time finding the correct brush head that will fit on my base unit as no one seems to carry this exact model ! I love this model ! I ordered several packs to make sure I never run out again . This brush is exactly like the origal brush that came with my unit . The brush keeps my teeth amazingly clean . Fast delivery !
 The Oral - B Sonic replacement brush heads were perfect . . no damage or used looking brushes . . I will def purchase more !
 Works well or so my son says . He ask for this one Christmas for a gift and I got him the brush and some replacement heads .
 Arrived promptly and packaged well . These replacement tooth brush heads for Sonic Vitality are nearly impossible to find in local stores . So glad I was able to find them here .
 The price was fair . Works fine and arrived on time . I 'm happy with it.This is extra text to meet the stupid minimum requirements from Amazon .
 I have always liked the Oral B products and the sonic version of the toothbrush seems to me to work very well . My only complaints about the toothbrush heads are that they wear fairly quickly -LRB- and you really need to replace it when the toothbursh head is worn -RRB- and they are pricey - very pricey in stores . The Amazon deal I got makes the price much more palatable .
 My hygienist always comments on how good my teeth and gums look . She can always tell which of her patients use a sonic toothbrush vs a manual toothbrush . Definitely recommend.Do be cautious when buying replacement heads . Make sure the replacement head matches the original . There are lots of varieties , and easy to confuse .
 After struggling to find the replacement heads locally , I finally turned to Amazon to find what I was looking for . The items arrived very quickly and in great shape . The price was very good compared to Oral B 's own website -LRB- almost double the price -RRB- and shipping was free at Amazon .
 I got the Sonic Complete toothbrush as a door prize back in 2008 and have not been able to find replacement toothbrush heads in the store for over a year now . I had enough supply to get me through and recently opened my last one . I was SOOO EXCITED to find these on Amazon and that they are available as a subscribe and save product at such a great price !
 I was unable to purchase these replacement heads through my grocery/pharmacy and was pleased to be able to order them online . They were delivered promptly and it was what I had wanted .
 These are perfect , have been looking for replacements forever . So glad I was shopping at Amazon . I really thought I got a great deal on price , especially since I could n't find the correct heads in the stores , I will definately purchase again when needed .
 Excellent ... easy to replace ... 3 count will get me from dentist visit to dentist visit ... works like it is brand new ! could n't find in the stores so amazon pulls through once again
 I was looking for this product in stores and could n't find it , so I thought I would have to buy a new toothbrush that hadreplacement heads available in the store . I was so happy tofind what I needed and at a reasonable price thru amazon.I 'm a satisfied costumer .
 We brought it into our house and changed the old heads for the new ones . The colors were so much bolder , and the brush heads seemed to rotate to clean better .
 These were exactly what I needed . It would be helpful to have `` Soft '' `` Medium '' for the type of brush . I need `` soft '' and these seem to be fine .
 What can I say about a toothbrush ? It works as expected , just like the ones at the store but cheaper .
 While I 've purchased this item before and been burned , as of September 2012 the product being shipped does fit the Oral B Sonic Complete . It was shipped efficiently . No problems .
 They were exactly what I was looking for . I was going to throw my toothbrush away and buy another one if I didnt find these brushes . I love these brushes . they 're the perfect size . I 'm so glad I found them .
 The brush heads were sent quickly and were just as if I bought them in the store , but they were much cheaper !
 I wish it had 4 heads instead of 3 but this is the only place I can get my replacements . I 've tried Target and Wal-Mart and still ca n't find it . Never had a problem and it works with my toothbrush .
 These replacement brushes fit the Oral-B handle perfectly . Each brush lasts me about a month so I keep one or two spares in the drawer .
 This was exactly what we were expecting . It was the perfect fit . I have even added a subscription to it to ensure that I do n't miss out on having our refils when needed . I was very glad to find this as they are no longer available in stores local to me .
 I ordered 2 packages and they arrived quickly . A lot less money than buying them at a big box store . They are not making the sonic toothbrush anymore so am happy I can still get the replacement heads .
 I bought the toothbrush refill to replace the head a few months after I bought the Sonic complete brush . So my comments are not just for the head . In fact , it is the toothbrush that matters . The sonic complete toothbrush is very efficient and comfortable to use and keep my teeth cleaner than regular toothbrush . The toothbrush feels like the sonicating cleaning .
 The Sonic B Complete is a great toothbrush but the head refills are way overpriced coming up to 7 dollars for each refill head . These are not the upgraded motorized heads . They are just a regular brush that fits onto the motorized section . The price for these has never come down and there is nothing to warrant other than no one else provides a generic fit . The latest technology applies rotating heads and these are not compatable . So while the device itself provides good oral care you are forced to overpay dramatically for refills .
 What can one say about sonic replacement brush heads ?? They were hard to find , so I was happy to find them . My teeth are clean and shiny .
 The price on these replacements could n't be beat ! Not even in the large discount store 1 mile from my home .
 I 've had the Oral B Sonic for years and these replacement heads worked great , just like the original heads purchased years ago .
 This is a genuine Oral-B product , not an aftermarket knock-off . Brush heads fit perfectly on the motorized toothbrush base unit.The blue &#34; tell-tale &#34; bristles seem to lose their color rather quickly -LRB- which is supposed to indicate time for a replacement -RRB- . If you followed this indication , you would be replacing these rather expensive heads way too often .
 I Love the Oral-B Tooth Brush ! Bought mine Years ago & Still going Strong !! Just needs Replacements . . Thanks for a Great Product !!
 These brushes seem to last a long time before the wear indicator shows replacement time . I always get 6 months or more out of them , but only use it once a day . I like the small head size since it is easy to maneuver .
 The Oral-B Sonic Replacement Brush Head -LRB- 3 ct -RRB- are a good replacement , Gives that dentist clean feeling after use . They are pricey .
 I 've had this electric toothbrush for quite a few years . It got where I could n't find replacement brush heads . So I am very happy with these replacements .
 Obtained product in a timely maner . Good product
 Arrived on time just as advertised . A very positive transaction .
 My item was shipped promptly & arrived in good condition . It does a great job & I think is a good value for the price .
 I thought it would fit my Oral-B , but mine is an older one , and I ca n't use it .
 I am very satisfied with the order & delivery time of this product . I received exactly what i ordered in a very timely fashion . And much less expensive than bought in a store . Keep up the good work.Barb
 Very comfortable , functional , and effective . Using the discoloration of the bristles as life indicator is brilliant and useful . 3 ct. package is affordable . There is really nothing to complain about .
 I was shocked when I saw the price in the drug store for he Oral-B Sonic Replacement Brush Heads . I was pleased to see it offered on Amazon at a very reasonable price .
 Product arrived quickly . Unfortunately I could not see the fine print description on website and ordered the wrong product . When I contacted amazon to return they handled the situation promptly and efficiently . Will do business with this company again .
 Nice and cheap ... . far better than Ebay !! If you need these , this is the place to get them . . FAST shipping too .
 oral b sonic brush heads are so expensive in the store . Ill always buy it here for this price . and shipping is fast .
 This product is exactly what I wanted . It arrives on time as promised . I have used Oral B Sonic Complete for approx . 5 years and will continue to do so . I recently purchased it for my 14 year old son and last year when I took him for his 6 month cleaning , the dentist was amazed at the difference in my son 's teeth . My son 's cleaning was minimal . I 'm an extremely satisfied customer . Thank you Oral B and Amazon for carrying this product .
 I needed brush refill . Amazon , even with postage , was cheaper than any of my stores even on sale !!
 I have been very satisfied with these . They are hard to find in stores so I was excited when I found them . They have a regular shape like a real toothbrush , only smaller . Make sure that you know what type of oral b toothbrush you have before you buy any replacement brush . Certain brushes fit certain model toothbrushes .
 Fine . Product met or exceeded my expectations . My main problem with these products are the HIGH costs . Look for sales .
 This product fits mt brush perfectly , it is the origina , and I am very happy with it . And I get good positive feedback when I go for cleanings !
 I have ordered these replacement heads for a while now from Amazon . I have never been disappointed . The package arrived well preserved and I received it pretty quickly . The brush heads have performed as well as they always have on the Sonic Complete tooth brush .
 I have been using a regular toothbush for months . I 'm so happy to be able to use my Oral B again.Fast delivery and good product .
 I could n't find replacement brushes in the stores , but the unit was still working great . Order replacements and am still using them . I like knowing that I can find replacements online .
 I have been using it for over 10 years and I am still very satisfied with its performance . I recommend this product highly .
 Hard to find these as it is a discontinued model . Very relieved to find them and at a good price . Fast service . Happy camper .
 the Oral B brushes are a more recent design than the ones that came with the tooth brush and are actually better at getting into the spaces between teeth , etc. . I recommend them and will buy them again when needed .
 We looked in all the local stores for this product and no one had it . They were even out of stock on the Oral B site . You can always find what you are looking for at Amazon .
 These refills have become very hard to find in the local stores . Had to go to Amazon to find the product . Was glad to find it , but sad to pay additional shipping to receive the product . Brush holds up well with daily brushing !
 This model fits the Sonic Vitality toothbrush . Offered at the best price on the internet and inside stores . Get them while they last , and save an extra 15 % with Amazon 's subscribe & save offer .
 Could n't find these brush heads anywhere . Got them at Amazon for a cheap price and fast delivery . Perfect !
 I started using the Sonic Complete after my last dental checkup . At the time I was 3 months pregnant - as any dentist will tell you , your oral health tends to decline during pregnancy , due to various reasons . Already I had a lot of tartar buildup and some places to watch . Well , immediately after my check up I started using the Sonic Complete . I love that it times the brushing for you , 30 seconds per quadrant , so you do a thorough job . Last week I went back to the dentist for my 6-month followup , now 9 months pregnant , and anticipating the worst - but it was the best check up I 've ever had . The cleaning was a breeze - I had hardly any buildup and everything looked great . The hygienist could n't believe it , especially given my pregnancy , and agreed with me that it must be the toothbrush . So I 'm hooked ! I 'll be ordering replacement heads now and will be having my husband start using it as well !
 Great toothbrush for the oral B sonic electric toothbrush . Does a great job cleaning those pearly whites !
 This is not a very common tip , so I have to order it . Works great , but I wish I could find them in the stores instead of going through ordering them each time .
 Difficult to think of anything too exciting to say about toothbrush heads , but my dentist recommends this brand . My only criticism is that they are all the same colour - for families it would be useful for each person to have a different colour toothbrush head so they do not get mixed up . The product is small enough to fit into a standard envelope , but I was sent mine in a cardboard box 302311cm , which annoyed me a great deal . Aside from the inconvenience associated with it not fitting into my mailbox , using such boxes is very wasteful . Also , the P&P charge was about $ 5 .
 I actually prefer the Sonicare toothbrush , but switched to Oral-B sonic when my Sonicare finally conked out after 6 or 7 years.The only reason I switched is because I was spending about $ 25 a pop for only 2 replacement brushes for Sonicare and Oral-B was around $ 20 for 3 brushes . Figured I 'd save more in the long run ... and after about a year of using it ... the unit works pretty good and a have definitely saved a bit on the replacements.Overall good value ... I have it on subscription now .
 Superior to an ordinary electric toothbrush in every way , the Sonic Complete ! These refills were very reasonably priced . You ca n't go wrong .
 The toothbrush heads for my sonic clean were affordable via this website even less than Wallmart except for the shipping and handling so the next time I will just get them from my local Wallmart .
 This product works very well cleaning your teeth and massaging your gums . I have found it to work just as well as those that are much more expensive . My refills arrived quickly . I will order them again from Amazon.con in the future .
 They may seem expensive , but they LAST , and if you try going back to your old way of brushing , you wo n't be able to stand it .
 I just love this tooth brush . I had to buy the refill heads because they do not sell them on the military base we live on . The only problem is the shipping . I had to send them to a friend who had to send them to me because the company did n't ship APO .
 My dentist recommended this toothbrush for problems with my gums . Use of the Oral B Sonic Complete has improved the health of my gums and my teeth have never felt cleaner . I love the feature that tells you when to switch to the next quarter of your mouth . When I first used it , I used the mid setting but now use the high setting . The massage feature is also nice . My husband and I both use the toothbrush .
 Decent tooth brush heads . I own a Sonic care tooth brush too which I think is a better electronic tooth brush , and the heads wear better than the Oral B.
 After my dentist hygienist suggested the Oral B Sonic I purchased it and have been very pleased . The dentist has noted that I do n't have a lot of plaque which is a noted improvement . I love this product .
 A + . Perfect match for Oral-B Sonic Toothbrush.I do n't know any other replacement brush head that will fit the brush.The package of 3 is a good package size .
 Purchasing a 3 pack is definately the way to go ! No need to look up the proper replacement the next time you need it and I wo n't overuse the worn out brush as I did this time .
 ever since I started to use this product about 3years ago , my dentist is pleased with the result , and I have no cavities . I am glad to have it !
 One week from order to use . They were also the least expensive brush heads I could find . What more can you ask for ?
 I have an Oral-B S-200 tooth brush and needed a replacement brush . These fit well and were very well priced for a 3-pack . The brushes are the same design as the original , and should last just as long as well . Very good product .
 Good price for product ; Brush heads are packaged individually -LRB- not in same package containing all three -RRB- with disclaimer that `` packaging may be slightly damaged '' . Mine however are o.k.
 I love the Sonic electric toothbrush , but finding the replacement heads is almost impossible . Glad I 'm able to get them online for a whole lot less than at the store .
 I bought the wrong one and realized it when they arrived and would n't fit . But they were packaged well and price was right .
 Difficult item to find at our local stores . My daughter goes through a lot of these , now that she has braces , so I am glad Amazon offers them.Very fast shipper and everything arrived on time .
 These are just as advertised and for a great price and with free delivery . It is much cheaper than at Target or Walmart . Just a complete win-win !
 I had been looking for these replacement heads for a couple years , being very frugal with the few I had left . I do n't know why it took me so long to think to check on Amazon , but I 'm glad I did . I thought I was going to have to get a new toothbrush for a lack of replacement heads . I really do n't think there is any difference between these and the ones I bought at a store . I am very happy with them . They fit my toothbrush perfectly .
 Product came when promised , was exactly what I ordered , and was reasonably priced . This was my second purchase of this product .
 The order of Oral-B sonic Replacement Brush Heads came on time in brand new condition . -LRB- there are hard to find in stores -RRB- The packaging came undamaged . You can order with confidence .
 VSEM SOVETUYU . V MOSKVE NAITI NOVIE NASADKI NEREALNO . OBRADOVALAS '' KOGDA NASHLA NA AMAZONE . KACHESTVO XOPOSHEE.UPAKOVKA NARUSHENA NE BILA.DOSTAVKA BISTRO I V SROK .
 These were just what I was looking for . I was very glad to find these replacement heads @ Amazon as I had looked unsuccessfully in many stores for these replacements . I love this toothbrush ! Please keep these in stock !
 Being unable to find these refills near where I live , this is an easy and quick way to obtain them . They arrived within a few days of the order . I 've gotten them this way before and will certainly do the same next time I need them .
 I have ordered this product before . Great price for the replacement heads as I have the electric toothbrush . Fast delivery , would not hesitate to order again . The 3 replacement heads were not available , so I was mailed 4 replacement heads at no additional charge . Thank you !
 These brush heads fit my Braun Oral B Vitality Sonic toothbrush that I was given by my dentist office . Very good deal !
 Shipping was prompt and the product is the same as you would buy at your local Walgreens for $ 27.00 . Great price helps during these bad economic times .
 Oral-B Sonic Replacement Brush Head -LRB- 3 ct. -RRB- Great Price & Fast Delivery
 I only spend $ 15 at most a year on toothbrush replacement heads , which is one purchase a year . The Oral Sonic Complete is perfect . Worth every dime .
 Not wanting to replace my toothbrush simply because the manufacturer wants me to -LRB- they made that clear by limiting the replacement brushes on store shelves -RRB- , I turned to the ` Net for help . There they were . Thank you Al Gore !
 My son really likes his sonic brush , and needed a replacement head . It came just in time !
 This set of buush heads is about $ 30.00 at the drug store . They are also hard to find due to the model number . Both the price and service offered by this provider is making me smile not only bigger , but brighter !
 these replacement heads work well for the Oral-B Sonic Toothbrush . The brushes last for a long time and hold up well .
 It is difficult to find the head replacement as this seems to be a discontinued toothbrush model . I am very pleased with price and service when receiving this item .
 Love the heads , do an excellent job cleaning . Found at retail stores for double the price amazon has them for . Buy from amazon , u will save a ton of money and they work fantastic and keeping your teeth shiny and clean .
 Perfect B-Complex , next time will buy it again . I had B12 deficit and doctor recommended me to get B Complex . Well , I really feel the difference . I 'm ending it now , 3 months passed and I 'm full of energy , my skin , hair and nails look much more better , have no problems with blood , no headaches . Great !
 This size filter can not be found at any local hardware stores . I was pleased with the prompt shipment . They fit perfectly .
 The filters fit just fine . They are little snug but still fit . I have n't changed it yet do I do n't know how well its collecting dirt .
 Not much to say . Filters work well . Priced right for package of 6 filters . Shipped and arrived a few days after ordering . I would recommend these filters and company .
 Bought these on Amazon because Lowes & Home Depot have stopped carrying this size . They are nice filters and a good fit . Shipped very quickly .
 Just as described . Much more affordable on line than at home . Would recommend them to everyone in need of quality filter for less .
 Glad to find this quality and a decent price . This is an odd size that none of my local hardware or chain stores carried .
 First , I had a hard time finding air filters in this size -LRB- 24 x 30 x 1 -RRB- . They were not available at Home Depot , Lowes , Walmart , or Target . Home Depot said they could special order them for me and it would cost double what I paid for these filters . I received this set of filters on time and at a great price . They are not the cheap filters either . I like them because they are sturdy and have an arrow indicating the direction of the air flow to help when installing them . I bought these on Amazon and did n't pay shipping . It was great to find this product with no more running around and have it delivered to my door . Great product , price , and easies way to shop , in the convenience of my home .
 I have an air filter system that has a hard size -LRB- 14 * 18 * 1 -RRB- to find in stores . I am glad to do business with Accumulair as their filters last for a long time .
 I had a good deal of difficulty finding a filter to fit my heatpump system . This size was the answer ! Ca n't find these at the local hardware super stores ! These are not easy to find . Your service and delivery were also excellent!Thanks for all your help !
 These are Great quality filters , and WAY cheaper than can be purchased in stores . They fit great and I 'm very satisfied !
 Nice for the price and availability of peculiar size which is advantage since we could not find the sixe any where else .
 The filters came quickly & they were just as we had expected . We 're very happy with this purchase and dealer .
 This air filter works . It was handy to find filters in odd sizes to fit our odd-sized system . We like it .
 Was what I wanted . Came at the right time . Price was right . I will order product again in the future
 This filter fits perfectly . We could not find a replacement one in stores so we ordered this online . It was the exact size it says and fits nicely .
 The item was as advertised and was a perfect fit for my unit . I reorder this item every three months and have for a couple of years . Recommended .
 The Accumulair Emerald 1-inch filter is a Great price , value , Six pack , change once a month . Do not notice any difference from others .
 Nobody seems to stock this size air filter locally . I 'm thankful that Amazon has these ! The filters are exactly as described and American made . I was glad to throw out the old coarse fiber filter and use these .
 Better to buy in Bulk ! Prices are more affordable then buying at local stores . Product is great - very pleased . Will be purchasing again when I run out !!
 The roller balls are excellent ! The rolling action and three different speeds are excellent as well . The only drawback is the mesh over the pillow . It is abrasive to the skin . I have had to put a thin pillow case on top of it and that solved the problem . The only other problem is it has a hard area where your head lies so you must make sure you are situated properly . Other than that , it is the best machine on the market I have found and I have tried many .
 If you have tightness in your neck , shoulders , back or head , this is for you . I like the slow speed ... `` guaranteed '' to have you dozing peacefully in 20 minutes . It works . Unlike real humans , it does n't get tired , or not quite reach the exact spot you want . Feels like someone with strong thumbs is massaging you . Ahhhhhhhh.It does NOT move up and down your back , like the human touch massage chairs ... you have to either move it or your body to change where it works . But I found it very relaxing . Use before bedtime for a good night 's sleep ! Durable . Controls are on/off and 3 steps of speed .
 The ph level of this water is high , slightly higher than evian . It really changes and hydrates your body , we are so acidic these days and not healthy . I felt a difference in myself after an hour of drinking a few glasses . Research the ph difference , it is a blessing . They just started selling it in the US , I think it 's only available at stores in the us and online , won awards in france .
 Truly great tasting water . Stands shoulder to shoulder with Evian . Why is n't this water more widely available ?
 How a colorless , odorless and tasteless liquid does so much , I do n't know . Without it , I die . Thank goodness I can buy it here . `` Air Juice '' , as we call it in Georgia , falls from the sky but never in convenient plastic storage containers as described above . I drank several bottles of this with few ill effects - and none of the congestion that I got from the Bovine Nectar I had previously purchased .
 I love this knee brace . I had a patella dislocation and it is perfect for my injury . I actually had this brace prescribed and was getting it at my local medical supplies store but found it cheaper on here . If you have a serious problem with your knee , you really need to get a fitting and get a brace that is designed FOR your injury . This brace is designed to keep your patella in place and make you feel like you have more support . -LRB- My joints have play so i need the pressure . -RRB- It is an awesome brace if you use it for the injuries it is intended to be used for . If you 're not sure which brace you need , you should really see a doctor and have them tell you what would be good for you .
 The neopreme knee support with stabilizer has helped my ability to get around very much . I was using a 4 '' `` Ace -RRB- bandage and this is even better and my knee seems to be getting betttr . I may even have to give up my handicap sticker if it keeps improving . Great product I am going to order another .
 I took issue with the description of the product I purchased . They not only contacted me quickly to resolve the issue , but handled it very professionally . Brittney took care care of the issue very well . Sorry Brittney for not editing my review as promptly as you handled the problem .
 This was recommended by our Olympus representative to clean our microscopes . It does a good job of cleaning not only microscopes but also eyeglasses and window glass .
 I 've been using Sparkle for the last 35 years - for windsheilds and other curved glass surfaces -LRB- where you ca n't use a squeege -RRB- nothing compares to it . Sparkle is rather expensive -LRB- when you can find it -RRB- so this was an inexpensive way to refill my spray bottles . Shipping was only $ 5 for 4 gallons .
 As I was recently diagnosed with Celiac Disease , which plays havoc on the small bowel , I read that a probiotic would help . I picked this product because of the 13 billion bacteria and the variety of types . I found the price reasonable and the delivery charge minimal . I have found that it does even things out and quieten down the activity in the bowel . My husband has started to take it and and has found the same . I do believe that a sluggish bowel can allow the overgrowth of bad bacteria and a surpressed immune system can not fight back alone .
 I 'm leaving a review for this product because I believe the very negative review was rather unjustified , in my opinion.My husband has been taking this product on an as-need basis for years . He gets a specific condition that enables us to know whether a probiotic product actually works or not . This one is very , very good and is more reasonably priced than most others . We have tried many that do n't work.If you get canker sores -LRB- small ulcers -RRB- in your mouth after eating acid-type foods such as too much tomato sauces , walnuts , or rancid oils in nuts , etc. ; try this product . My husband has had this painful problem since he was a kid . The doctors did nothing for him . When we married many years ago , I got him on a product such as this -LRB- not made anymore -RRB- and his pain and sores would disappear in 2-3 days -LRB- depending on how soon he started taking them -RRB- . Without this product , it takes 3 painful weeks for them to disappear . His problem is a good test for us to determine whether or not these types of products work or not.The only reason he does n't take them regularly is because he is anti-health supplements unless I can prove without a doubt he needs them due to a condition . I , on the other hand , intend to use these regularly for my problems . My own review got me motivated!Hope this helps . Thank you .
 In 72 hours , this product took 25 years off the age of my lower GI . NO MORE STINKY FARTS ! NO MORE DIARRHEA !! I also had no idea how `` distressed '' my tummy felt , until the distressed feeling was taken away.No doubt
 I have acid reflux and can not tolerate eating acidic foods . I used to eat a lot of yogurt , but these days , I ca n't even eat Greek yogurt without it hurting my stomach . This supplement provides all those active organisms to be found in yogurt and then some , without irritating my stomach.One capsule of the supplement contains 13 billion organisms , consisting of L. Rhamnosus , L. Casei , L. Acidophilus , L. Plantarum , L. Bulgaricus , L. Salvarius , Enterococcus Faecium , S. Themophilus , B. Longum , and B. Breve . These organisms are being studied for their possible beneficial effect on diarrhea , lactose intolerance , colon cancer , cholesterol , and blood pressure.It also contains 300 mg of Fructo-Oliogosaccharides -LRB- FOS -RRB- , which functions as a prebiotic . Prebiotics are what the probiotic organisms eat , so it 's supposed to stimulate the growth of all those good organisms in the capsule.I do n't know about all the extravagent health claims . What I can say from my own experience is that my stomach is calmer since I 've been taking this supplement , and except for a few times when I overindulged , I have n't had much trouble with the acid reflux . In fact , since I started this supplement , I 've stopped taking Prevacid . I definitely would recomment this supplement as `` Worth A Try '' to anyone with acid reflux . Just remember to keep it in the refrigerator-once you open it , it has to stay cold .
 This product works better than a drug store brand I was taking to the extent I am able to reduce the dosage to every other day .
 I started taking this to help with digestion problems and experienced relief within a few days . I highly recommend this supplement formula because it is an easy-to-swallow capsule taken once a day .
 I have used this brand of Gaba for several years and find it to be the best ! The product is fast-acting and effective . I have taken one in the am and one in the pm , as needed . I highly recommend Enzymatic Therapy !
 My wife and I have some every day and the cinnamon makes it more palatable . We certainly enjoy better health because of its Omega 3 and 6 .
 good , quality product , durable , dependable , easy release valve , have never had a problem with them.plan on using this brand for a long time .
 I like this protect simply because it is easy to use and easy to read . Not only is it easy to read , but when it is time to take a baby 's temperature they are not always cooperative . It is especially difficult to take baby 's temperature rectal when they are irritable . So , I like this because the temperature can be taken three different ways , which is also good for accuracy .
 I have been taking Vitamin Shoppe 's One Daily since 2006 and was happy to find it available for sale on Amazon . A great supplement and I like that you purchase it without iron -LRB- as I take an additional Iron Supplement -RRB- .
 My 6 month old had outgrown his infant bathtub and so I searched for something that would allow him to sit and play safely . I looked at bath seats and other tubs , but liked this one . We 've kept it inflated since we got it -LRB- two months ago -RRB- and have not had a problem . It has a handy drain and a suction cup to hang it on the wall in between baths . It did have that strong plastic smell at first -LRB- like all blow up toys/pools -RRB- , but I just aired it out for a few days before using it . My little guy loves it and I love not having to worry about the hard sides of the tub . Also not having to fill up the whole tub saves on the water bill !
 Great fit , cute , safe for baby but deflated so fast . My husband has to re-pump it every couple days
 I actually really like this tub . This was an upgrade from our infant tub for my now 6 month old . I could inflate it with my mouth which took about 3 minutes . It also has a built in drain . I have had it now for about a month and I have n't had any problems with it deflating . My daughter loves it too . The bottom of it on the inside has a little bit of a grip feel to it so my daughter is n't sliding all over the place and she has plenty of room . she likes to sit sideways and stuff her feet at the bottom crease which helps her keep her balance . It fits great in our tub . I give it 4 stars because I have one complaint . When she is sitting in the tub and I open the drain I have to hold the drain hole up for the water to drain . Otherwise the hole will sit flush to the bottom of the actual tub and the water comes out really slow if at all . And I do have to pick it up and dump it if I want to get all the water out of the bottom . Its not that much of a pain I just think I was spoiled with my previous tub . So in the end I think it was a good buy . I had a hard time finding a inflatable tub with a drain other than munckins giant duck tub so I would recommend this purchase to mommies who are ready for an upgrade .
 As soon as my 5.5 month old starting sitting up without any support , i knew we were ready to move on from her infant sling tub , but not quite ready , to just put her in the tub . This tub allows her the freedom of being in the tub , but with the safety of an infant sling . She has plenty of room to move around and play in there , and if she slips and falls to the side , the inflated tub more than softens her fall . Its easy to wash her hair too - I just put her head back on the tub and wash it there . She loves it and so do I ! I have a feeling we will use this tub at least for 6 months or so ...
 This tub is perfect for my 15 mo old girl , and we use it as our everyday tub and also take it when we travel . my only complaint is that the drain sits flush against the bath floor so it does n't really drain unless you put something underneath it to elevate it a little -LRB- I use a foam letter since we already have them in the tub for her to play with -RRB- .
 My little one outgrew her baby tub around 5 months old . I purchased this item and read the previous reviews . Great item ... its cushy for baby and quite large for her and her toys :-RRB- Another great thing is even if the suction cup is wet , it still sticks to the bath tub wall without any problems and does n't deflate easily -LRB- it 's been about 2 months and still have not had to inflate the tub since I 've purchased the item -RRB- . Only CON is that as a previous reviewer had mentioned , the tub is slippery . So I bought the Green Spouts bathmat to put in the tub so my daughter does not slip and slide everywhere .
 When traveling , hate to put daughters in other bathtubs - this work 's good ! Easy to blow up and compact to fold-up and put in suitcase . You can take it no matter you are traveling .
 I love this product . I always felt my daughter was going to slip away from me in the big tub this fits perfectly in the tub and she 's safe the trouble now is getting her out .
 this tub has alot of leg room for your baby ... you can easily blow this tub up yourself in about 5mins . . my little guy loves to play in it . . and it fits snuggly in the tub . . and after we use it we hang it on the back of our shower wall with the suction cup it has , it stays blown up and ready for the next bathe . . I would definatly recommend this tub to someone whos baby is out grown the sink and still too small for the big tub . . this is the tub for you ...
 I used to love giving my daughter a bath when she was a newborn ... it was so easy ! Then as she started to become mobile , it was a little less fun - for me anyway ! I got this tub when she was about 4 months old and I have n't looked back -LRB- she 's now 14 months -RRB- . It 's SO much easier to wash her hair since she has something soft to lean back on . I 'm also a bit paranoid about germs and it makes me feel more comfortable that she 's in a tub that only she uses -LRB- vs. the whole family -RRB- . It 's wonderful to take on trips -LRB- especially to hotels ... yuk -RRB- , but just remember to bring a hand pump . Also , we 're having a water shortage now in GA and this uses so much less water than filling the whole bathtub . Ca n't say enough about this product !
 I love this bath tub ! We were not happy with my son 's infant bath tub , so we were anxious to move into this one ! It fits so nicely in the big tub and offers my son the added protection he needs . When you 're done with it , it just suctions to the bathroom wall to dry . The best part is that we 'll be able to deflate it and store it easily . It 's also great for traveling !
 We bought this tub because our son struggled with the bath seats . He was too big for the infant bath tubs but certainly could n't handle the full size version . This tub is a perfect in between option . The only thing that could make this product better is a slip resistant bottom to the tub .
 The Snug-Tub is great because you do n't have to fill up the bath tub . My 7 month old loves it . The only concern I have is that she is very active in the tub and the bottom is quite slippery . I must have my hand on her at all times . So what we do now is I place the bath seat in the Snug Tub and let her play . When she is all done I take the seat out and rinse her off in the Snug Tub .
 This product makes it easy to transition the baby to the big bathtub after they grow out of the infant bathtub . We tried the Safety First Swivel Bath Seat first and hated it . Then we got this and it was great . It 's just the right size for children who are comfortable sitting up on their own -LRB- about 6-8 months -RRB- and my daughter never felt intimidated by being in a big bathtub . We also traveled with it and it made bathtime away from home comfortable , easy , and enjoyable for everyone .
 The Snug Tub was one of the best items we 've bought for our baby . He is now sitting up , and too big for the infant bath tub . But , he is also too small for our large adult tub . He would constantly jump around in our tub and bump his head . It was very difficult to control & bathe him at the same time . The Snug Tub has helped us tremendously . We are now able to bathe our baby without fear of him hitting his head . The suction cup makes it very stable & the built-in drain makes clean up very easy . I definitely recommend this tub !
 I recently purchased the Snug-Tub for my 5 month old daughter . This is the perfect transition tub . It fits snuggly within your existing bathtub without moving . There is a suction cup on the bottom to help prevent this from happening . It is soft so if you baby does bang his/her head nothing will happen . It is longer than your typical baby bathtub which allows my daughter , who is tall -LRB- 28 inches -RRB- to stretch her legs . She has also realized that there is enough room to splash and kick ... something truly fun for a 5 month old . I like that you can hang it on the wall to dry and to keep out of the way.I will be buying another to use as a pool in the summer .
 I use it every day . My baby has been in it since 2 mos . Big enough for her to splash a bit , small enough to keep her safe .
 I actually got the Snug Tub Deluxe . This version comes with inflatable rings that baby can stack on the inflatable post . It also has an attached inflatable fish that wheezes when you squeeze it . I used it for the first time tonight and my 6 month old baby enjoyed the freedom to splash and play . My only caution is to use something to keep baby from slipping . I put her baby sponge underneath her to elevate her and propr her up . This was also good to lean her back to wash her hair and to keep her from slipping . I 'm glad I bought this instead of the EuroBath .
 This tub is great if you dont want to confine your child too much in a full sized bathtub , but is also small enough to keep it safe for baby . Since it 's a blow up tub , all the sides are soft so baby wont bonk her head . There is a drain hole at one end for easy draining , and a suction cup underneath so you can hang it up when not in use . It is also good if you are going on a trip and are not sure if there will be a tub to give baby a bath in .
 My son has now ` graduated ' to the regular tub but we used this tub for a year . It is perfect for when they are too big for the ` seats ' and your tub does n't accomdate the rings . In fact this is much better than a ring the babies sit in because there is pleanty to cusion them when they tumble over or slip trying to stand . Ours has withstood a year of use so far and we 'll be using it with the next baby too .
 This is a great product ! First , when my son began to sit up by himself well , we transitioned from an infant tub to a swivel bath seat that suctioned to the tub bottom and this worked well for the time when he was n't great at sitting just yet , however after a few months he was really too big for the bath seat and I always needed help from my husband to get my son out of the seat more easily so bathing him solo was a challenge . Then came this Snug-Tub ! I bought it originally to take on a trip to Grandma 's , but we keep it inflated and use it all the time at home . It is very quick to fill up and keeps my son confined and happy without having to fill the whole big tub . When we 're done , I pull the drain and use our hand-held shower head to finish rinsing him while the water drains . -LRB- I just wedge a toy underneath the corner so the water flows out the bottom easily . -RRB- I can easily pick him up out of this tub , too . The only small gripe I can say about this tub is that the plug is a little difficult to put in so be sure to get it ready beforehand . Overall , with the low price , this product should definitely be on your must-have 's list !
 I went on vacation and it was perfect to travel with and my son loves it . He splashes around more than just sitting in the tub and it is more his size . Very highly recommended .
 I have bought alot of baby tubs . This one is the best if you have a fiberglass tub . The seated bathers with suction cups do n't stick to my tub . This is great when babies can sit up , you do n't have to worry about them sliding around in your big tub . I am expecting a fourth baby and plan on buying this again .
 After buying a table top bath tub that leaked all over the place I started looking for one that would go in the big bath tub . For a while I used a sling to keep her up right plus I used a foam seat to keep her from sliding all over the place . Once we got done with the sling I kept using the foam seat to keep her in place . Now that she is able to sit up on her own I do n't even use the foam seat anymore . She loves it . I plan on buying it for 3 up coming baby showers .
 Loved this tub . It 's soft and cushy in case baby slips , although mine never slipped in this tub . The back of it let my baby lie down comfortably while rinsing her hair . My daughter used this tub from six months to 21 months . Perfect for when baby is sitting up but still too small for the big tub .
 After he outgrew the plastic tub in the kitchen sink , we decided to try the snug tub . It is a great product and I highly recommend it . It fits right into the regular tub , yet requires much less water and the water stays warmer longer . Our son loves to play and splash and can lay back and rest his head comfortably while we wash his hair . It is also great for travelling to grandma and grandpa 's and stores easily . It is one of the best baby products we have found .
 I bought this tub for my 7 month old and she loves it ! It provides great support and gives her enough room to splash and have fun . She never liked a bath much before and now she loves it !
 I bought this tub after the birth of our oldest daughter . It is a must have and works great ! It makes for a much more secure feeling in such a big space for a little one . It uses much less water than a normal tub and it 's easy to maintain and clean . We were able to use the original one for our second child as well . I would highly recommend this product ... it 's one you ca n't live without !
 My daughter is 16 months and we got this since she was growing out of her other bath . She loves it , there is a lot more room in it then I thought , it is cushioned and the real miracle that I never expected to work was the plastic hook to hang the bath on ... . it actually stays up . When have you ever had one of those that actually sticks . It is great because it hangs up in the bath and does n't effect us taking showers.For less then $ 20 you ca n't go wrong .
 I love this bathtub , and my son does too . The inflatable sides and bottom give a lot of cushioning , and keep my kiddo from banging his head on the tub . He 's now almost 2 and still wo n't take a bath without this tub . He likes to splash around in it , and it uses so much less water than filling the big tub . The only reason I ca n't give it 5 stars is that it 's not that durable . We 're on our third one now - the first got a leak in the seam , the second got a rip in the valve -- but we 've been using them since my son was about 8 months old , and the price is good , so all in all I 'm still a big fan of this tub .
 This item was the perfect thing for my 5-month old daughter who is large for her size and was not yet fully sitting up at the time . She had already outgrown the infant tub and I could no longer bathe her at the sink because she was too long for the counter ! So I bought the Snug Tub for use in the big bath downstairs . It really is great because if they fall against it there are no bumped heads . You do have to watch them to keep them from falling to the side towards the wall though , but it 's not hard.My only complaint was that the bottom of the tub was slippery for someone who could not yet fully sit up without support , and a couple of times she slipped down and it scared her . I was holding her so she did not go underwater , but her bottom slipped out from underneath her and it was a little startling . In some of the pictures for this item , they show a baby leaning back getting his hair washed . To lean her back , it required me to use both hands to keep her from slipping under , so I was unable to wash her hair . -LRB- Hubby is not always around at bath time ! -RRB- So I purchased a yellow spongy foam bear-shaped pad at Babies R Us that fits nicely inside the bottom of the tub . Now she can play with her toys and there is no slipping . Also I can easily lean her back to wash her hair and rinse and she is not scared , and the soap does n't get in her eyes . -LRB- I tried washcloths and towels before I bought the foam thing but it just was n't the same . Although you could probably use a big bath towel in the bottom , but it would be a hassle to wash it every time - the foam thing just squeezes out and hangs dry -RRB- So - it 's a great tub , and much more comfortable than a hard plastic swivel seat , but just make sure you get something for the bottom of it !
 I really like this snug-tub for many several reasons . First , it has a suction cap for saftey and you can attached it to either the wall or the floor of your bath tub . Secondly , with its air filled sides , even if your baby accidently bumbs her head , it will not caused any pain . The sides are also very comfortable and pillow-like and she can rests her head there -LRB- looking up -RRB- while I wash her hair . That actually makes washing hair much easier and prevents soap from entering into her eyes . Thirldly , unlike a bath seat , you do not have to fill your entire bath tub with water and that really saves a lot ! The only thing I add onto it is a non-slip rubber mat to its floor . This is much better then having a bath seat because it is much harder to wash your baby 's creases with all the bars in between .
 Nothing I could say would do this tub justice ! I think every Mom should have one ! It really is a great transition between the infant tub and the big tub . I purchased this for my 9 month old son who was using one of the traditional blue bath seats . The seat does n't allow you to clean the baby 's bottom and he would constantly slide toward the front bar squishing his `` little boy parts '' . The Snug-tub gets rid of that problem ! He sits up well in it and the cushions protect him from the hard surfaces of the tub . He is free to play with his toys and explore in a safe environment -LRB- with Mom by his side at all times , of course -RRB- ! It is worth every penny !!
 After reading various reviews of this tub , I can agree with most . It is the best way to naturally bathe your child . No special seats or other devices . Only noticed one defect . After owning two , these are things to consider :1 -RRB- CHILD MUST BE ABLE TO SIT UP . Make sure your child can sit up effectively . Even if your child is big for its age , this tub is really suited for 7 months and up .2 -RRB- WALL SEAMS ARE STURDY , FLOOR SEAMS ARE NOT . Within a short period of time , the floor seams on the ones that I have erupted . On the two that I own , they both began to leak in the second floor column toward the rear . Since this is on the seam it is almost impossible to fix .3 -RRB- INCLUDED PATCHING MATERIAL IS INEFFECTIVE . If by chance you have a rip , your best bet is to use duct tape and a little epoxy . The included patching does not do the job . It comes off very easy .4 -RRB- DRAIN TAKES GETTING USED TO . Drain can be awkward at times and will not fully drain all of the water out of the tub . Once you have used it a few times , you are able to work around the issues and dump the water out by flipping the tub over . After getting used to it , you 'll become a pro .5 -RRB- USE A HAND OR LOW PRESSURE PUMP TO INFLATE . Please do not think you can blow this tub up with your mouth . Even someone with terrific lungs would get dizzy after trying this . I personnally used the tubing from my child 's nebulizer and it inflated within 7 minutes .6 -RRB- CAN BE SLIPPERY AT FIRST , BUT CHILD EVENUALLY GETS USED TO IT . My daughter gets so excited about taking a bath that she sometimes stands up . The first couple of times she did this , I held her but she would manage to slip a bit . Over a period of time , and after slipping a few times , my daughter has developed the necessary balance to stand .
 We bought the Snug-Tub when our daughter was 7 months old and are still using it . She is now 19 months old and there is still plenty of room for her . The padded sides make her -LRB- and us ! -RRB- feel very secure and rinsing her hair is much easier using the headrest . The tub has stayed inflated from the first time we used it - we have n't ever had to blow it up again . The attached suction cup makes it secure when in use and when you are finished , you just hang it up to dry . We have n't had any problems with mold/mildew as it dries very quickly .
 We are adopting and will be travelling to pick up our baby . We bought this product to bathe our newborn in since we will be away from home for several weeks . As far as people saying it 's slippery , we bought one of those really small nonskid pads and put it in the bottom . The one that we got is a soft foam and that will take care of the sliding . You can find them in the bathroom/kitchen area of your local store . It 's great for travel and easy to store . Hope this helps .
 I purchased this tub for my 5 month old daughter and LOVE it ! This is the perfect transition from infant tub to full-size tub . I would highly recommend the Snug-Tub over any bath seat . It is so much easier to clean baby 's bottom in the Snug-Tub than in a bath seat . Rinsing hair is a breeze and there is plenty of room to grow !
 We tried the swivel seats . I never felt like I got my child clean , nor did he appreciate being shoved into something so hard . My son LOVED this tub ! He liked the idea of being in the `` grown-up '' tub but was snuggled in his own tub . The bottom blows up and provides cushioned comfort . The sides are poofy enough and squishy enough to have fun in , without damaging body parts on the hard tub . It 's quite portable too , and great for travelling . I would say that blowing it up every bathtime would not be fun , however.We used this until our son was 30 months . He enjoyed lying on his stomach and sticking his legs and arms over the edges . It was extremely easy to clean -LRB- just wipe down with a cleaning cloth -RRB- , and the vinyl is quite thick and textured -LRB- to help prevent slippage -RRB- . We 'd tip the tub upright to completely dry it out.We had to purchase 2 of these because a seam blew out on the first one after 2 months . The second one lasted much longer . The best feature is the water savings -- it takes much less to fill it than the regular tub .
 Good little tub . Fits just fine in our American Standard regular tub . Little man sometimes pulls the drain plug , so make sure that it is pushed all the way down . The tub is slightly wedge shaped , to help `` lock it in '' to your tub . We have been using it for 5 months with no problems , little man is now 1 year .
 My son is approaching 40 lbs , and while he does fit into the tub easily , he is pretty rough . As a result , the last two of these tubs I ordered lasted about a week before they started leaking air . When he was smaller , and less rough , the tub lasted several months of daily use . A great product for small kids .
 We 've had this tub for a little over a month , bought it when my daughter was about 9.5 months . She had finally gotten too big for the infant tub & could n't really move around comfortably . I had the yellow ducky tub for my twin boys when they were younger , I loved that one as well , but it was a little harder to store because of the duck head . This tub was easy to inflate , easy to drain , and has a suction cup that you can use to hang on the tub wall to dry . No complaints here ! It has plenty of room for here to play , she does n't slide around in it too easily , and if she loses her balance while she 's splashing & being silly , this tub provides a `` cushion '' around her so she does n't hit her head on the big tub . Excellent purchase -LRB- although I do think it 's a little over priced . -RRB-
 My son outgrew his infant tub so I tried to bath him in a regular tub - was n't having it ! So I needed something fast that could act as a transition tub . This fit the bill . I would recommend buying a hand pump to fill it -LRB- just be very careful -RRB- . I tried to blow it myself and nearly passed out ! I used the pump from my exercise ball and it was inflated and ready to go in minutes . Just place the plug in the hole and fill ! I am not sure why people have complained about it being slipper - my son stands up just fan when I have to wash his bottom . He loves it ! My only complaint is that the bottom leaves ... um ... rear end stains so make sure you keep it clean or at least pre-clean your babies bottom before putting them in . I always do so I do n't know how it stains but it does !
 Purchased this tub for my 8 month old . This tub is great for little ones ! Minimal water needed , padded on bottom -LRB- which was surprising , as I was expecting a flat sheet of plastic on the bottom -RRB- , drains well . My son loves bathing in it . He has on occasion thrown himself backwards in it , but no worries here . The sides are well padded and the bottom is also padded , so no injuries . Just keep in mind you do not have to fill it all the way up to give a good bath . If you fill it too deep and your child throws themselves backwards or slips , then they would go under the water . Just use common sense when using the product . Overall , VERY pleased with this purchase !
 I had the bath chair for my 6 month old and every time she would reach for a toy , the chair would tip over and she would go face first into the water . So after lots and lots of researching and reading reviews , I settled on this tub . I am so glad that I bought it for her . She loves it ! On occasion she will lift her legs and the water will make her body float backwards , but the side always catches her head . Not once has she fallen into the water.We do n't deflate it . After reading reviews it seems to be that the deflating it and reflating it over and over is what caused the seems to become weak and leak . So we leave it inflated and just tip it upside down to dry.I wish I had this bath for my other 2 kids when they were babies !
 Snug Tub is great tub . It fits very well in a standard bath tub . Easy to clean out and I love the hang up feature so that it can dry out . The only down side is emptying the water . The water plug is on the bottom and the weight of the tub with the water in it prevents easy drainage of the water . I literally had to lift that end of the tub up so that the water can drain .
 We were in that in between stage for the bath . My son was way to big for the baby tub . But at nine months to small for the real thing . I did not need a tub that had slots for the shampoo because then my Son spends all of his time trying to play with the shampoo . This works great . Soft , blows up easily , roomy but not too roomy . This is a good product .
 I had bought the safety 1st inflatable tub first and that lasted for quite a while before it started to leak . It probably would 've last longer if my little girl didnt play with it too much . Outside of bath time , she treated it as a play boat and pushed it around the house . = DCompared to the safety 1st inflatable tub - Length is slightly longer and it 's also slightly shorter so the body is not covered by water as much . My 1.5 year old loves both . On this one , she can lie down and rest her head when I shampoo and rinse her hair and she really enjoys that . Not sure how long this one will last.Love the suction cup feature . Once you 're done , just stick it onto the bathroom wall and is a huge space-saver . The safety first has a hole -LRB- to hang -RRB- instead of the suction cup . Like the suction cup better.It is a bit more slippery . Do n't let your toddler stand by him/herself .
 I received this tub as a shower gift and used it for my daughter from when she was about 6 months old until she was 3 . -LRB- when it finally sprung a slow leak -RRB- It was the best thing we used for our child and I love to give it as a shower gift .
 This is perfect for my 15 month baby whose 32 inches long , 26 lbs. , it 's well made and not slippery at all , easy to clean and the suction cup hold the tub really well . Great purchase .
 I 'll get right to it ... easy to inflate ... baby loves it ... highly recommended = -RRB-
 Got my snug-tub today . Ordered on Fri. and it came on Mon. . Blew it up and used it right off . My 18 mo. old grandson loved it . He splashed around and kicked in it . He was scared to death of the big tub , even with the baby support seat . He screamed when I put him in it . This tub he took right to it and cried when I took him out . He liked the colorful fish and soft sides and being able to move around . Like that it has suction cup to hang to dry . Good deal .
 I used this tub everyday and it was so handy ... saved water and my daughter was protected because the sides are soft .
 The inflatable snug tub is great - exactly what we needed for our 6 month old . She loves it ! It gives enough support for her to lean on if she needs it . It fits great into our guest bathroom bath - we keep it inflated and hang it up to dry between baths . The bottom is a little slick but putting a towel or washcloth under her bottom solved that problem . We havnt had any problems with the material it seems like sturdy plastic . Would definitely recommend this product !
 I saw a few bad reviews before we bought this , but there were enough good ones to take a chance . It has paid off . Six months of constant use with no problems whatsoever . No leaks , no issues except for the valve I ca n't push in . I was afraid that would be a problem , but it sticks out of the bottom and is unnoticed by me and the baby.Baby got used to it after one `` what the ... ?! '' bath . It was nice to get away from the sink at bath time . -LRB- I 'm sure I 'll look back at those old pictures and miss those days , but for now we 're enjoying the tub scene . -RRB- Baby was less than a year old when we started using it . She 's 17 months old now , is big for her age and it will still be a while before she outgrows this tub.We keep it inflated so I do n't have to hyperventilate blowing it up for each bath . It has stayed inflated all this time . -LRB- I added a few puffs of air one time and that was after about 4 months of use . -RRB- It has a suction cup on a outer flap , so I dump the water and stick it to the shower wall to dry . That may be why we have no leaks , but I obviously ca n't confirm that.Based on our experience , I recommend the product .
 My daughter had the munchkin duck tub for awhile until it broke . Well ... she is almost two and I was thinking of getting another one or bath mats . Our tub is very slippery . So I found this one and the age limit was past 2years old so I thought I would try it out . I really think it is a good transition to the tub . It is not real deep and she has lots of room but it still makes her feel safe and secure .
 I ordered this for my seven month old since we currently only have a stand up shower . It fits properly in the bottom of it . She does great in it and there 's lots of room for her to grow . And even though it 's pretty small for her , my 3 year old likes taking baths in it too .
 Holds air really good , easy to blow up , fits a 2 year old . Bought it for travel and use it at home because we like it so much . Easy to pack in a suitcase , does n't take up much space . If you want the water to drain ... dump the water out ! It has a plug but turning it over is easy .
 We bought this to make bathing a bit more simple and that is what this does . Now bathing is easier , less time consuming and feels a bit more comfy for the baby .
 My child is nearly one year old and enjoys this bath very much . the colors are bright and keeps my child engaged . She never gets bored at aback time . In fact , she attempts to follow me into the bathroom every time I head that way ! Its easy to fill , easy to drain , drys well and stores well , for us , behind the door . I only wish it had a temperature gauge attached to it , but i just purchased one separate . I would recommend this product to anyone with a child who is old enough for it .
 My daughter outgrew her infant tub before she could sit up confidently . This product gave me piece of mind that she would be cushioned and protected in our large and hard bathtub . She adores her snug tub and will use it as long as she fits in it .
 We had the Fisher Price whale tub for my baby , and as she started to get bigger and we removed the middle ledge in the tub she 'd often slide down towards the water . Also , splashing got to be a bit messy on the counter top . I purchased this , and have used it for a few months - it 's perfect ! I 've had to add some air to it once , but other than that I just rinse it out after each use . My 9 month old does not slip around in it at all . She likes to either lean back or sit in the middle and play . I wish we had started using it earlier . It 's so nice not to have to fill up a whole bathtub with water , just for a tiny baby , too .
 Our son had just outgrown his baby tub and when we tried to do a bath in the regular tub -LRB- he was sitting up well -RRB- , it only took a couple of baths before he injured himself on the hard bathtub , so we needed an intermediate tub to keep him safe . This tub did it for us . My son likes to sit and play in the tub and will also lay back/recline while we wash his hair or when he feels like it . He is 12 months old and tall now , and can still stretch out in it -LRB- although his feet are easily touching the end at this point -RRB- . We are buying another because after six months of regular kicking , our current tub has sprung a leak -- but if you saw how hard our son kicks on this tub , you 'd be shocked that it had n't happened sooner . The lack of five stars is because it is difficult to fill -- if there were a groove at the front of the tub , it would be so much easier ; as it is , we have to lift it below our faucet and basically flatten the inflated material so the water runs into the tub . Everything about it works great , though !
 My mother bought this tub for my son as a transition from his plastic infant tub , and we have thoroughly enjoyed it . I 'm very frugal and absolutely hate the idea of filling up the whole tub with water for my little guy 's bath every night . This tub is a wonderful solution . He was a little nervous when we first began using it , but it only took a few days for him to love it . He is now nearly 21 months old -LRB- of average height and weight -RRB- , and there is still room to spare in the tub . We 'll use it as long as we can . It 's also great for travel , especially by car , because you can keep it inflated and pack things inside it . Or if you 're flying , it 's easy to deflate and pack in your bag , and quick to inflate by mouth . By the way , we 're on our second one , as the first split at the seam . That 's why I did n't give it five stars .
 When our son outgrew the infant bath we had for him , I got one of these . He started to enjoy bath time a lot more sometime after that.As far as inflation goes , as someone who 's helped inflate a queen-size air mattress by mouth , I can say that this was n't too bad . It took a few minutes , but once it was done , that was it until it had to be packed for a trip or for moving.We made one trip while he was using it , and took it with us . It made bath time at the hotel a * lot * easier than it would have been otherwise . It also eased the transition into a new bathroom in a new house when we moved.Our son was n't inclined to let us use the feature that makes hair-washing easier , so I ca n't comment on the effectiveness of that , but other than that , we got full use out of this tub until he grew just so big that there was n't enough room for him in it . The suction cup for hanging it on the wall between baths is great -LRB- and also very helpful when we have guests sharing the bathroom with him -RRB- . Draining the tub can be a little tricky , but eventually there 's enough water out to be able to dump it over easily and then hang it up until the next bathtime.This is an excellent tub for when the infant tub is outgrown but the bathtub is still much too large .
 When I had my firstborn lil girl , I was given 3 different types of baby tubs ... . The plastic ones pale in comparison with this one ! It 's soft enough to keep baby safe from bumps/bruises . When my girl was still too small to sit up on her own , I just used one of those foam bath tub thingies to assist in keeping her above the water level ;-RRB- Now that she can sit up she loves to hang on to the sides & splash around ... I feel secure with this tub b/c if she slips backwards it 's cushioned on the bottom to keep her lil noggin from hurting ; -RRB-
 This has made bath time much easier and fun for me and my 8 month old . The suciton cup for hanging is ideal and the product is fantasic . My only `` complaint '' is that the plastic is a little slippery and it would be nice if it had grippers so baby does n't slide so much - easily fixed , however , by placing the infant sponge tub we used to use inside of the bigger SnugTub .
 Both my daughter and I love this tub . I started using it with her when she was about 6 months old -LRB- when she was able to sit up well -RRB- . It is comfy for her and she loves playing with her tub toys in this mini size tub . It is very easy to give her a bath in it . I like it 100 % better than the swivel chair that is out on the market . It is also great to lean the baby back a bit to wash and rinse their hair . It 's a great transition tub . It is a definate must have ...
 I purchased this tub when my son was able to sit up , but I had to wait a little longer to use it . He is now 8 months old and this tub is a blessing . He would stay in the bath and play for ever if I would let him . I do n't have to worry so much about him hitting his head .
 We love this tub . My son if fairly active in the tub and when he stands and sits during bath time he has plenty of cushion for his behind . We had purchased a bath seat before he could sit unsupported and after one use discovered how easily they tip over so we got rid of it . Our 10mo . old son loves this tub and it 's small enough as not to overwhelm him but still has plenty of room for his tub toys . It 's great for travel too which is important for safety in the hotel and relative 's tubs .
 This is a wonderful product . This inflatable tub makes it easy to bathe that baby who has gotten too big for the plastic tubs yet is too small for the adult tub . It is better than any bathing seat ring too . With the seat ring you can not really wash a babies bottom . This tub is great for bathing your baby and it is easy to use and store . I highly recommend it . My daughter used it till she was 2 years old and I plan to use it with our second daughter very soon .
 This is by far the best tub to get when your baby no longer fits in an infant tub . I bought 4 tubs before trying this one . My daughter LOVED it from the minute she sat in it . She loves the printed designs , the feel of the tub , and she can move all she wants without bumping herself on a hard plastic tub . It 's safe and easy to use . It stores right in your shower by a suction cup ! No more bulky tubs hanging around ! It 's great . I would recommend this tub to anyone ... and I now have a great shower gift idea as well .
 We ordered this tub six months ago for my then 6 month old daughter . I have loved using it , but mine seems to have several slow leaks and I am just about to order another one . Right now I have to blow mine up before each use . Also , I never use the drain plug because it is too hard to manipulate it . We just dump the water over the side.I really have enjoyed the tub ... I like how it uses less water than the big tub ... it takes no time at all to fill the Snug Tub . I like the soft sides that keep her from bumping her head , and I like the suction cup that allows you to hang the tub up when you are finished.I recommend this for babies who are able to sit up well on their own .
 We bought this tub in 1997 when our first daughter was only six weeks old and used it on the bathroom counter -LRB- between the sinks -RRB- to lower her into shallow water and bathe her . When she was able to sit up on her own , we started using it in the regular tub . I ca n't say enough good things about this product . It 's easy , convenient and environmentally conscious in that it uses a LOT less water than a regular bath . We actually bought a second , and used it for travel . Now we 're expecting again and just ordered a new Snug Tub .
 I just transitioned my 22 pound 1 year old to this tub from one of those hard plastic things that kept him in one position . He loves this tub and so do I. He 's got plenty of room to move around without getting into trouble , and has room for plenty of toys , too . I have to soak him once or twice a day for his eczema and this tubs accommodates that extremely well . I can completely cover him with water up to his midsection with no problems . It fits in my bathtub pretty well . I have to squish it just a little bit , but it 's no big deal . He loved taking a bath before , but now he loves it even more . I also love that this deflates for travelling , which we 'll be doing in the next few weeks . Not having to worry about how I 'll bath him on vacation is a great thing . He 'll feel right at home . And if this tub springs a leak anytime within the next few months , I will definitely replace it with the same tub . It 's worth it to me .
 We love this tub . It lets my daughter play in the tub without me having to hang on to her . Before we got this , she was likely to slip and seemed to feel unsecure in the big tub . Now she plays and seems comfortable . I like that it saves water also . It took some air to blow up but we leave it blown up and hang it on the wall of the tub when we are not using it . Definitely worth the money , it solved all our problems .
 I bought this tube for a trip I took to Fla. with 3 Toddlers it was worth the money . I loved the fact that i could put in in my suitcase . It did not take up much room where we were staying and now i plan on using it with my 4th child . If it had grips to keep the baby from slideing it would be perfect . I would recomend this for anyone who travels or just wants to give a older baby a comfy place to take a bath .
 My baby absolutely loves this tub ! The soft sides are great for babies just learning to splash and is surprisingly very sturdy . I bought it so my son -LRB- who just learned to sit up on his own -RRB- would not feel confined in one of those little chair-like things and I could not be happier with the purchase . I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a tub for their growing baby .
 At 4 months of age our active daughter was to big for the infant tub and not ready for our big cast iron tub either . A friend told us about the Snug Tub and it was one of the best items we have bought for our daugher . She used it for 5 months and we felt very safe and secure with her in it . Then we used it outside as a small pool for her to play in .
 Thank god a manufacturer is using there head . This tub is awesome . It fits in the tub great . It gave my child a much more comfortable bath experience than that nasty Swivel Bath Seat . If your child is too small to sit in this seat front to back , rest assured they will fit side to side and still be comfortable . The seating surface gets blown up as well so the child is not sitting on a hard surface . If you need a transition tub , this is the one .
 It 's wonderful for saving water if you 're on a well , and it made it wonderfully easy to get at my daughter to wash her without wrestling with a baby seat .
 I just got this thing yesterday and used it today . Because of a review I read here I also got a foam insert . I ended up putting the insert halfway into the tub and leaning my son 's head against the molded headrest and his behind against the insert and WOW!IT WAS SO EASY !!!! In the infant tub he was always listing sideways -LRB- he 's 3.5 months old right now , technically too young for the snug-tub and he ca n't sit up by himself yet though he 's great with support -RRB- and thanks to the contoured headrest in the snug-tub he did GREAT . He also had more water around him so he was n't cold while I washed him like he was in his infant tub.He sat there and would not stop smiling at me ! And my back did n't hurt from holding him constantly with both arms AND washing him at the same time , though I had to lean over the bathtub!I 've decided to recommend this thing to EVERYONE I know who is having a baby !
 I purchased this tub while I was visiting relatives for the holidays . We had the big bulky plastic tub at home and I did n't want to bring it . Unfortunatley , my 11 month old daughter was n't yet ready for the `` Big Tub '' and we ran into a crisis . I was torn on what to get . There are so many tubs out there . We bought this one because it can deflate . I knew we could carry it back home with us when we went . It turned out to be wonderfull !! She 's not scared . It 's cushioned for comfort . It even has a high back so you can lean them back and rinse their hair . It is just too easy . I came home and threw the other one away .
 We bought this tub for our son when he was 9 months old . He is now 14 months old and LOVES it ! It is so easy to use and we really like that you can store it on your shower wall when not in use . The high sides are an added safety feature as it discourages our son from reaching the edge of the regular tub and start climbing . The price is great , so much so that we bought one for each set of grandparents so that he can have his regular bathtub when we visit them . It does take a good set of lungs to inflate but once it is full of air it stays that way . We have been extremely pleased with this tub !
 I purchased this inflatable tub for my son because I wanted to have a portable tub for when I went traveling with him . This tub is great , I even use it at home . I started using this tub when my son was 6 months , he is now 9 months old . Now that he sits up on his own , it 's a lot easier to bathe him . I like using this tub better than an infant bath seat because I can wash him more thoroughly , all around instead of having his legs fastened in a tub seat . If you travel , it 's a great idea to get an inflatable tub , it 's portable , and quite sturdy .
 We found this item while on vacation and did not want to place our son in the hotel bathtub ! It turned out to be one of the best purchases we 've made ! I do n't think I 'd use it for a small infant , but if your child is stable and can sit up on their own , it 's the perfect solution when the child is too large for the traditional `` infant '' tub and not yet ready for the family bathtub . It saves a huge amount of water as well . Our son played in the tub for so long because he felt secure and all his toys stayed within his reach ! When you 're finished bathing your child , you just hang this tub up to dry out completely and it 's ready for next time.Our son was able to use this tub for a very long time . I 'd recommend it to anyone with an older child .
 I ordered this snug-tub from BabiesRUs and just got it today and I used for the first time and I Love it ! My 7 month old son had out grown his infant tub and I need to get him something else and I really did n't want to get him one of those swivel seats so I got him this . I would highly recommed this for babies who can sit up well on their own . It 's so much fun ! My son enjoyed playing with his little bath toys and splashing around in it . You can also lean your baby back and rise the shampoo out of the baby 's hair . It 's so easy to use , comfortable for babies , and cheep !
 We started off with a plastic tub for our son until he was about 1 month and a half old . This tub fit in the kitchen sink , had a foam base and was angled like a car seat . He cried about 80 % of the times we gave him a bath.A friend recommended this inflatable tub , so we bought it and he absolutely loves it . He 's completely relaxed from the time he gets into the water , and usually for a while even after he gets out.We fill the tub half full , so we have to be careful and support his head while his body floats , but it 's pretty easy because he 's so relaxed . One hand supports his head and neck while the other hand washes him . It 's actually easier to wash his back this way since we do n't have to flip him around , like we did with the previous tub.Some people might prefer the tubs that fit in the kitchen sink , since you can wash the baby while standing and do n't have to squat.But for us , a calm and relaxed baby versus a crying and thrashing baby made all the difference in the world .
 My 7 month old still hates baths , but I 've found this bathtub makes bathing her a lot easier . We previously had a tub that reclined , and it seemed like part of the reason she hated bath time , was that she felt very insecure in the tub.This tub helps me hold her in a more upright position , and hopefully help her feel like she 's not falling backward . It fits in our bathtub well , and I 've found that it does n't slip around . Hopefully in time , she will like bath time !
 I bought this tub for my 7 month old daughter , who out grew her infant tub . It is very nice . It has just enough room for her to play with her toys , but still small enough to be safe . It blows up just like a pool -LRB- very easily -RRB- . I also use this at my mother 's home , where she has a tubless showers , and it works extremely well !! I suggust buying tub grips when you get it.Overall , excellent . : -RRB-
 What a great tub ! I was getting so frustrated with those plastic tubs ... they were so hard and uncomfortable for my baby . A friend told me about this tub , and as soon as my daughter could sit up on her own , I bought it ! She has so much fun in it , and I 'm not as stressed out during bath time ! The fact that it is inflatable is so nice , because one time she teetered over a little and did not get hurt because of the nice , soft sides ! It is also so easy to clean and store as well -LRB- it has a suction cup on it so it attaches very nicely to the back wall of the shower -RRB- . I also like that the bottom is n't too slippery .
 I just got this tub a week ago and me and my 7 month old twin boys LOVE it !! I have been trying for a month to figure out how to bathe my babies together so they can play in the water together . I have a swivel seat and a regular seat but they tip over if the boys get too enthusiastic -LRB- they love the bath ! -RRB- . So I was still bathing them one-at-a-time in the basin kitchen sink until I got this tub . They can sit side-by-side or face each other and have a BLAST while I do n't have to worry about them hitting their heads if they slip . I have heard mixed reviews about this tub , but for twins who can sit up , it is PERFECT . Plus when they outgrow it , we can put it in the backyard for them to play with in hot weather !
 We used the infant bath tub initially but by the time my daughter turned 2 months we started using this inflatable tub . I put it in the tub and though my daughter does n't sit up yet , she has plenty of room to move her legs and arms while I hold her . Yes , it is more strenuous for my back but it 's good fun and exercise for my baby . Also , we do n't have much room in my bathroom so we put up two extension rods -LRB- like those you use to hang a shower curtain -RRB- above the tub and store it on them . This keeps it out of the way though the tub does have a suction cup which works.I ca n't wait till my baby sits up - I envision putting the Snug Tub out on the porch for her to play in . O , by the way , I have n't reinflated it once since I bought it -LRB- about 2 months ago or so -RRB- - yes , some of the air escaped , as with all inflatables , but it 's still sturdy enough . I also sometimes put a blanket in it and let my daughter ` sit ' in it and play with her toys . I find it very versatile .
 Bought this for my baby granddaughter 's recent visit . My daughter is so happy with it that she wants to take it home with her ! Nice size . Soft for baby.Has a large suction cup to hang it from the shower wall when not in use and has a drain hole at opposite end so drains and dries nicely
 The tub worked well for bathing my 13 month old . The baby tub was too small and she is not ready for the large tub . I like that it has a suction cup on the back to hang it up in the bathroom . It is a good product with a cheap price .
 My 16 month old loves taking baths in this tub . It has eased her transition from the infant tub . It 's very easy to use and clean.My only issue is that it does n't fit all that well in my small bathtub , but I can still kind of jam it in without risk of damaging it.I love that I can fill it up and not waste water .
 This tub is great . It fits nicely in our standard tub . We had another brand tub and it was too snug , but this one fits perfect . My son refuses to take a bath unless he 's in this tub .
 This is a great tub for the price . My 9-month old daughter uses it easily and it is much bigger than the munchkin ducky tub that we had previously . I do not think that it is slippery like some of the others have noted . For a baby who can easily sit on her own , the surface is just right .
 We have a house with no bathtubs ! The previous owner was disabled and installed easy access showers throughout the house . They 're nice ... until you have to give a toddler a bath ! After reading reviews on similar products , and using an inflatable duck tub for months that was given to us , we bought this one . The duck tub was way too small for our almost 2-year-old . This was the biggest inflatable tub we could find , and so far it 's doing the trick . Our daughter loves taking baths in it . She especially likes the headrest . She 'll actually lay back and let me wash her hair without a fuss ! I know she 'll eventually outgrow this as well , but hopefully she 'll be more ready to learn to take showers by then . Oh - she really likes the fishes on the tub as well .
 When my daughter outgrew her infant tub , we went through a few different devices to try to give her a safe bath . She is VERY active so she does n't like to sit for very long . We first tried the bath ring , that was a disaster . This snug tub has worked wonderfully . She is able to stand in it and splash around without us worrying about her breaking her head if she slips . It 's very safe and fits snugly in our shower . I highly recommend this tub , especially if you have toddler who wo n't sit through baths !
 I love this tub !! That said , yesterday the floor seam separated from the walls , but only after 3-4 months of use . Even still , this tub was perfect for my son . He is 30 inches tall and 30 pounds , but he is only 10 mos . old . He is , obviously , too big for a classic infant tub , but it seems like a waste to fill the regular bathtub for a bath that only lasts 10 min . The SnugTub has been a perfect solution . Despite my son 's long legs , he fits easily in the tub and has lots of room to splash and even turn around . Despite the tears , I have been very , very pleased with this purchase and will probably buy another .
 I bought this tub because I was looking for something light , soft and with a drain plug -LRB- so I would not have to lift my baby to rinse her -RRB- . It works great , it is very safe , it drains very well and dries fast . My baby can rest on the sides without touching the wall or anything . I am very happy with my purchase . a last thing , at the beginning the plastic has a strong smell but this goes away after 30 min once inflated.Definitely a `` back saver '' and `` worry saver '' !
 This size filter can not be found at any local hardware stores . I was pleased with the prompt shipment . They fit perfectly .
 The filters fit just fine . They are little snug but still fit . I have n't changed it yet do I do n't know how well its collecting dirt .
 Not much to say . Filters work well . Priced right for package of 6 filters . Shipped and arrived a few days after ordering . I would recommend these filters and company .
 Bought these on Amazon because Lowes & Home Depot have stopped carrying this size . They are nice filters and a good fit . Shipped very quickly .
 Just as described . Much more affordable on line than at home . Would recommend them to everyone in need of quality filter for less .
 Glad to find this quality and a decent price . This is an odd size that none of my local hardware or chain stores carried .
 First , I had a hard time finding air filters in this size -LRB- 24 x 30 x 1 -RRB- . They were not available at Home Depot , Lowes , Walmart , or Target . Home Depot said they could special order them for me and it would cost double what I paid for these filters . I received this set of filters on time and at a great price . They are not the cheap filters either . I like them because they are sturdy and have an arrow indicating the direction of the air flow to help when installing them . I bought these on Amazon and did n't pay shipping . It was great to find this product with no more running around and have it delivered to my door . Great product , price , and easies way to shop , in the convenience of my home .
 I have an air filter system that has a hard size -LRB- 14 * 18 * 1 -RRB- to find in stores . I am glad to do business with Accumulair as their filters last for a long time .
 I had a good deal of difficulty finding a filter to fit my heatpump system . This size was the answer ! Ca n't find these at the local hardware super stores ! These are not easy to find . Your service and delivery were also excellent!Thanks for all your help !
 These are Great quality filters , and WAY cheaper than can be purchased in stores . They fit great and I 'm very satisfied !
 Nice for the price and availability of peculiar size which is advantage since we could not find the sixe any where else .
 The filters came quickly & they were just as we had expected . We 're very happy with this purchase and dealer .
 This air filter works . It was handy to find filters in odd sizes to fit our odd-sized system . We like it .
 Was what I wanted . Came at the right time . Price was right . I will order product again in the future
 This filter fits perfectly . We could not find a replacement one in stores so we ordered this online . It was the exact size it says and fits nicely .
 The item was as advertised and was a perfect fit for my unit . I reorder this item every three months and have for a couple of years . Recommended .
 The Accumulair Emerald 1-inch filter is a Great price , value , Six pack , change once a month . Do not notice any difference from others .
 Nobody seems to stock this size air filter locally . I 'm thankful that Amazon has these ! The filters are exactly as described and American made . I was glad to throw out the old coarse fiber filter and use these .
 Better to buy in Bulk ! Prices are more affordable then buying at local stores . Product is great - very pleased . Will be purchasing again when I run out !!
 I was looking for a product similar to the dry disposable wipes that were available for use in the hospital when I delivered my son ; those were firm but VERY soft , and you had to wet them yourself with water . This product is very simiar to that -LRB- just a tad smaller than what we had in the hospital -RRB- . I like the size of these though , as they 're smaller in size than what we had in the hospital ; the hospital 's size seemed wasteful . My only complaint is that there are only 24 of these to a box , and I do n't see that a larger size is offered . So for them to market these for use with infants -LRB- as shown on the box , besides its name -RRB- , it 's incredulous to only offer 24 in a box . -LRB- For instance , my infant son goes through sometimes 12 diapers a day ! -RRB- Thus , this is an expensive product for what it is .
 After bringing my daughter home from the hospital I discover her skin was to sensitive to use baby wipes . Thank goodness for PeeWees - Disposable Dry Washcloths . I use them instead of baby wipes and my daughter 's bottom have yet to turn red or received a rash . A also use them to wash her face because PeeWees Washcloths are softer than regular washcloths . They 're bigger too ! The only downfall to this product is there are only 24 in a box . Which means baby wipes are a lot cheater .
 If you need dry wipes for cleaning a baby , then these are the best quality I 've found . The Medline are good bang for the buck dry , but when you wet them they are too rough ; probably too tightly woven even though smooth on the surface when dry . Would give PeeWees 5 stars if it were n't for the price . Also wish these dry wipes came with dispensers . Does n't anyone make dry baby wipes that come in dispensers just like wet wipes ? It would seem like an obvious product to make , but I have n't come across any yet .
 We love using these to bathe our two month old son but they 're really expensive !!! We found something similar at Babies R Us -LRB- store brand -RRB- and they were about $ 3 per box . They 're not as soft as these , but they 're still soft and work great . Unfortunately we will not be buying again unless the price comes down . Awesome product , though .
 Got these when my newborn began developing a pretty nasty diaper rash , despite frequent changes and use of ointments . Figured the rash was due to premoistened baby wipes . Started using these along with chamomile tea as a wash , and the rash disappeared in less then 24 hours . These things are great . They are soft and also hold up well . Definitely worth it if ur little one has a sensitive tush .
 I 'm a huge fan of New Chapter multi 's , but no multi has the calcium a woman needs , so I picked up their calcium to supplement my multivit.I 've had all kinds of calcium - chewable , jarrow-dophilus which taste seriously like cows -LRB- you think I 'm kidding ! -RRB- , cheapies , and these . With most calcium , I felt some difference and had faith that my calcium was being absorbed , but I 've definitely experienced a boost since taking these.For one - no PMS ! The only sign I have that my period 's coming is a slightly tired-muscle sensation in the spot where I used to get nasty cramps . It 's hard to believe that it is so much better than my other calcium pills , but it is for PMS symptoms . With other calcium pills I took , I definitely experienced worse PMS if I skipped them , but with these , it 's like there just has n't been any PMS or cramps.Seriously , I do n't know if I 'm experiencing something unusual with these pills , but if you have awful cramps , I 'd really recommend giving this brand a try . I 've been taking mine daily for about four months now with great results.Only bad thing is you have to take three every day , and they are n't all that small either . The texture is a bit rough too , so they 're harder to swallow than many pills which have a coating to make them go down easier . But I take a lot of supplements so it 's not a problem for me .
 Almost as easy as gel caps to swallow with liquid . Correct mg of magnesium for myself in one capsule .
 I 've been researching Rhodiola a lot recently and sorry , but I agree with others who are accusing Bill Flemming of spamming other products . The product you think is so wonderful is offered by someone with BF as the first two letters in their name . Someone with the first two initial of BF is selling Mind , Body and Spirit Rhodiola and that same person is likely you , Bill Flemming -LRB- what a coincidence ! -RRB- . Then it seems you either created another identity - also from San Diego - hmmmmm - or its your wife/girlfriend/friend who slams this product in the same way . And I 've noticed you 've left similar comments on many other Rhodiola products . You even did a review on MB&S Rhodiola touting its greatness and saying `` why doesnt amazon carry it ?!?! '' or something to that effect . your name is all over reviews of these products and all the coincidences combine to create suspicion . I dont know that this is the case with 100 % certainty but it certainly smells fishy .
 I did n't read the label carefully before I bought this . I thought this was standardized to both rosavins and salidrosides , however it is only standardized to rosavins . So yes the rosavins in this product help me stay more energetic throughout the day and reduce fatigue . But , there probably is n't much salidrosides in this Rhodiola to provide any adaptogenic benefits . So this product will not support your immune system , it will just help with energy . The next time I 'm buying Rhodiola , I 'm looking for one that is standardized to both rosavins and salidrosides .
 This supplement is perfect for my needs and was a very nice switch from the 300mg I have been taking ... this is a much better dose for everyday adaptogenic purposes.Very clean extract . Highly recommended .
 It has positive effects beyond simple placebo , but it seemed incomplete , maybe because the company only quantifies one of the 2 supposedly active ingredients for this herb . It does have a potent amount and concentration of the main `` active ingredient '' . For this reason I started adding a different blend from another company as a second capsule per day -LRB- instead of two of the same -RRB- , to round things out . This seems to work well , but I will develop my definitive opinion only over time .
 This has subtle effects , but the effects are most definitely there . I feel able to go from 10 AM to 9 PM without issues when I take this , yet I do not feel as if I am on something . I recommend giving this a try in the very least.I also notice that I do not feel depression from the weather being poor when I take this .
 I love this product . I feel calmer and more in control when I take this product than when I do n't . I have a very stressful job and Xanex makes me sleepy . Rhodiiola does not make me sleepy , but helps me deal with the stresses in my life better .
 This 'll give you a really great energy boost but only use for short periods of time . As always check with your doctor first .
 ... with more licorice content than similar products.Works to help ease stomach irritation.Taste is good and just slightly gritty.Works well for me .
 The taste was tolerable and after 3 weeks of using I noticed a difference . I went off of it for a couple of weeks just to be sure and I definitely noticed a difference . I would recommend this but keep an eye on your blood pressure throughout therapy .
 The method of use was convenient . Was not uncomfortable . Results look good .
 I purchased this product after having tried Crest Whitestrips without much success . Needless to say , I was not expecting miracles ! The product is SO EASY to apply . Just open and press onto your teeth . It has a cover on the outside to prevent you from having to taste any of the application . It actually stays in place and you can talk and go on about your day . They only have to stay on for 30 minutes - perfect for the commute to work ! And these ACTUALLY WORK !!! Its not the same as a dentist professional whitening - but then again that costs $ 500 ! For around $ 25 I was thrilled and it only takes a week ! I will definately purchase again in a few months !
 First , to the `` dentist '' who reviewed this product . Yes , you 're supposed to follow the directions in the box and if you had read them you would know that * these * strips only require a once daily application.Yes , these strips are thicker than the other brands . This is because the paper thin whitening strip is attached to a waxy backing . The waxy backing is what helps the strip adhere to your teeth better . I rinse my mouth with water to moisten the strip , then press on the waxy outside to help mold it to the curves of my teeth -LRB- more contact area with the strip -RRB- , then I fold the -LRB- waxy -RRB- tabs under and press them to the back of my teeth . The strips do n't move or slide around or get TOO covered with saliva.This is probably not a product you want to use if you 're going to be out in public . But , the other whitening strips are n't that concealable , either . If you want to whiten in public , maybe you should try the gel brushes or pens.I 've used the Crest strips and I do n't like that they do n't stick to my teeth . I also do n't like that less sticking means more contact with saliva that I have to swallow and tastes like peroxide . Yuck . Because these mint strips are covered with wax , there is much less of this annoyance and the subtle mint flavor masks any yuckiness . I use them on my 30-minute drive home from work and I can talk on the phone but have to be careful with `` s '' or it sounds like I 'm lisping . Rinse with water when you 're done and it does make removal easier . But , you know what ? Sticky removal means it was sticking to your teeth which means it had more whitening contact time!After 2 days I noticed a real difference . After a week , my teeth were nice and white . Now the test will be to see how long it lasts and how often I 'll need to repeat the process .
 Crest strips do NOT stay on your teeth and are a royal pain . Rembrandt is so much easier to use . To the wussies that said they had to `` rub off the foam with a paper towel and then brush their teeth after removing the Rembrandt '' , YOU ARE A DRAMA QUEEN .
 I have tried both Rembrandt and Crest Whitening strips . I tried these first because they were cheaper and got pretty good results . My teeth were considerably whiter and although it is pretty `` goopy '' , it was well worth it . Afterwards , I decided to try the more expensive Crest Whitening strips because of all the great reviews . I found the Crest strips to be inferior . First of all , they would not stay on my teeth and would slide all over the place . The thin piece of plastic also gets pretty disgusting and if you mess up putting it on , well good luck getting it to fit after that . Ironically , although wearing the Rembrandt strips is like wearing a mouth guard , they stay in perfect place so you know there wo n't be any discoloration . Needless to stay , I have gone back to using the Rembrandt strips because of their great value .
 If you are looking for a Great pro-biotic with many years of excellent reputation - Wakunaga is where to find a wide array of excellent products . Kyo-Dophilus 9 is one of them .
 This the by far the best you can buy . I have tried others but nothing compares .
 I am an MD who has interest in alternative meds , so though I also find great value in standard pharmaceuticals.I find Dr. Sahelian 's website very informative , but have to say that I am highly skeptical of his whole philosophy of very tiny amounts of herbs and nutrients working in synergy . But I chose to try this one and did it once for 6 weeks last summer , and again now for just a couple weeks.Both times very consistent effect of richer/brighter colors and more enjoyment of them . I stared at a sunset and my Xmas tree both yesterday for many minutes looking for subtle shades , etc.My nearsightedness is slightly better and appearance of floaters lightened a tad.So , dont expect drama here , but the color thing alone is kind of fun.Update
 I always had perfect vision but suddenly could not read the channels at the bottom of the TV screen . I thought the TV screen was just blurry for some odd reason till my husband said he could read them . I sucked on one pill like a lozenge -LRB- it tastes like spinach and mild spices -RRB- and even though I did it in the morning could not fall asleep at night and had some sensitivity to light and the computer screen and my eyes burned slightly that evening . The day after I did n't take it and tried not to look at the computer screen that much and I did an eye exercise I read online -LRB- look at some thing really close and then look at something really far away and keep on looking first close than far . Even when I was reading a book I tried to look far away every 10 minutes -RRB- . Anyway that evening I could read the channels at the bottom of the TV screen again !
 My eye doctor said about me , that he 's never seen anyone try so hard to see badly . This is not a recommendation to stop seeing your eye doctor . But if you 're over 40 they make you choose whether you will see well close up or far away ; you ca n't have both . Nobody tells me what I ca n't have ! When I found this product I thought it was worth a try , and it was a good decision . Eyesight Rx actually helps me stay in my older glasses with which I can read also .
 Been taking this for abvout 2 months now and I seem to notice a difference . My 40 something eyes do n't feel as dry and one day I noticed that I could read the news scroll on the bottom of the screen clearly ! It also seems that I can read street signs better without having to strain.I take one every other day and have given up my bilberry/lutein supplement for this one ; I think it is much better and a good addition to supplementation and to eye health .
 I have been usingEyesight Rx - An All Natural Herbal Eye Supplement for Eyesight Improvement and Vision Support and w / Lutein , Zeaxanthin , Eyebright , Bilberry , Mucuna , and Beta Cerotene - 30 Vitamin Tablets - Developed by Dr. Ray Sahelian , M.D.for several weeks now and have definitely noticed an improvement in my vision . My ability to read small print is coming back as is my distance vision . I am so happy that I discovered this formula and will continue to use it . It will be interesting to see how much further my vision improves . The only negative thing I have to say about it is that the taste of the pill when you crush it between your front teeth is a little bitter , but the pill is so small that it is gone quickly and I wash it away with my morning almond milk .
 My Eyesight Background Info
 Second best item before Andrew Lessman 's ultimate eye support . Works Better than over the counter products.Confusion on direction ; Internet says , quarter to third tablet . bottle says , 1 or 2 tablets.Tablets are so tiny , so I took 1 tablet every day .
 Great price , worth every penny . It 's helped tremendously after having multiple eye surgeries , things appear more clear . It 's like when u eat good food , u get all the nutrients ur body needs , this pill is like a good meal for ur eye . It gives it a lot of things it needs , that maybe u normally would n't normally have in ur diet or everyday vitamin . I love this stuff . : -RRB-
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 i searched for the best ... this is what i found . it seems like it would n't work to stop me from hyper extending my knee , but somehow , it just does . the mesh on the back is what keeps it from getting a stellar review ... that starts to rub after a bit .
 On the plus side , this is a high quality lube for a more than reasonable price . I object to this quote from the product description
 Due to a back injury , I have to catheterize my dog -LRB- yes , really -RRB- 3 times a day - and your lubricant works perfectly .
 This is a good product , and I think it really increases my metabolism . It has a good balance of a lot of different ingredients which other products lack , and it seems to go to work quickly ! I am reordering it !
 Ok , I LOVE this stuff . When I combined slimquick extreme with a low carb diet , I lost and maintained a good amount of weight . I went from 145 to 133 in 13 days . Yes , I know , results will vary , but I had fantastic results.DON ' T ever take it on an empty stomach !!! You will get majorly ill for hours . The caffeine and everything in it will make you feel yucky unless you eat first .
 They seem to help , but then I recover quickly . In any event they taste good and you get a pyschological placebo effect that you are `` doing something '' to get rid of your cold !
 Zinc lozenges are surprisingly costly at your local drug store -- generally 25 to 35 cents per lozenge . These are 1/4 that price and a relative bargain .
 Have had this chair a short time now but love the massage it give me , I 'm a senior and my back when out on me about 5 day an two doctors before I got thechair , was still in lots of pain when I got the chair an put it together , It does require two people to do so an the manual that come with it . Not real hard todo if you can put thing together from a manual . I am a big guy 6 ' 4 '' 260 lbs but the massage is just right for my likes . Had another massage chair till earlier this year , though my back was ok because my back had not gone out in 6 years . That chair worked well an never gave me trouble , but the massages were to hard for me.The Massagenus 768 massage is more to my likeing , when I get up I feel refreshed , to me thats the test . I 'm no expert , but the chair does it for me , so 5 stars . One morething this chair was $ 1000 . cheaper than the one I got from Sharper Image , that also felt good for my pocket book for sure ... walter
 My Dr. suggested this for my ongoing heartburn problems and I have had very good results with it . Good to be able to purchase it at a sale price .
 Have searched stores for this item with no luck . Very pleased to be able to order through Amazon . A product I like and have used for years . Thank you .
 I remember these as a child & had to have again for travel & at home to protect brushes .
 My daughter does n't like mint so I import Tom 's Silly Strawberry toothpaste from the US to the UK twice a year . Not sure what I 'd do without it .
 This toothpaste is really good for the kids or adults that just do not like the mint type flavored toothpaste . Tom 's is a great brand . I only wish it was n't so expensive . I would recomend this to anyone looking for a non-mint toothpaste .
 These chews are nice . Be sure to transfer them to a sealed bag or container when they arrive . The bag they come with does n't work and they get hard/crunchy if they 're left in the open air . You can still eat them , but you have to suck them like a hrad candy until they soften up . I find all the flavors to be quite plesant and it 's fun to just reach into the bag and see which flavor you get .
 I love these . I actually take a couple when I have heartburn and they taste SO much better than chalky tums . My daughter also loves these . I personally like the fruit flavor better than the chocolate flavor , but they are both good . They are cheap on iherb.com and you can $ 5 off using the coupon code MOS036 .
 This are perfect for people who either can not or choose not to swallow pills . They taste great ! Relatively inexpensive !
 ** Note
 If you 're tired of swallowing pills , try these chewable calcium supplements . I like them because they are not chocolate , but fruit .
 Took these after I gave birth to my daughter , I discovered some of the other joys of natural child birth ;-RRB- My doctor said I can take this while breastfeeding , which was what I needed .
 My wife is 13 weeks pregnent , and this prodcut have helped her greatly !! I see that there are already many reivews covers what I wanted to say , So I just wanted to add another testimony to say it actullay works , and giving it mroe stars : D
 The only brand that works . Do not buy generic . I take 2x per day - once in the morning and once in the evening .
 Have problems with regularity after having to take pain meds for arthritis problems and use this daily.Very good for handling my problems .
 This is an specailly effective for treatment of IBS constipation problems . Because it is not a laxative , It may be taken every day as needed .
 It ' a good product , a good fragrance.This after shave gives skin feeling fresh and smoothness.It is not a product strong onto the skin.What about Amazon : Lots of seriousness did not ever found.Accuracy on the date of delivery -LRB- eg I was confirmed as the date of delivery and in the same 06/06/08 I received the product.Very good channel for purchasesLet Council .
 Outstanding product . Have used it for years . Not readily availble in stores . Thank goodness for the web site ! Great service from the merchant . Will purchase again .
 I started running for the 1st time ever about a year ago and developed a horrible case of shin splints . After physical therapy and 3 months of rest in combination with sports massage and chiropractics , I am starting to train for a mini-marathon . I do n't want to relapse , so I wanted to ice 4 or more times a day . Having 2 kids under 5 , it is impossible to sit for 20 mins 4 times a day to ice . So I decided to try this product . I LOVE IT ! I measure for the small , but ordered medium based on other 's reviews of difficulty putting them on . They provide the perfect amount of compression and length of time icing . Best of all , I can wear them doing laundry , cooking , etc. . They are tricky to slide on , but are getting easier with repeated use .
 I 've always wanted to be a runner but whenever I 'd give it a try I 'd get terrible shin splints . I just started the c25K running program and I must say that this product is invaluable to me . As soon is my run is over I put these on -LRB- I purchased 2 -RRB- , stretch and put my feet up . So far no soreness or inflammation . In just a few short weeks I should be able to run a 5k and I do n't think I could do it without these !
 I agree this product is a little difficult to get on the first few times but after that it is perfect . It stays snug and cold . I bought the other shin ice that wraps around and it does n't seem to be very cold . This one stays cold longer . All it needs is a couple times of stretching it around your calf and it will fit . I have large calves for a woman and it works great now
 I have been suffering from lower leg tendinitis for six months now . I 'm a runner and cyclist ... so you can imagine how such a thing can really slow me down . I ordered this ice wrap to help with the icing of my lower leg to reduce inflammation . I 'm not sure if I got the correct size , as I do have some difficulty getting this wrap on and off . I 've used it a hand full of times and the ice gel packs seem to last anywhere from 20 to 30 minutes , which is just right for proper icing . My leg always feels better when I take it off . I 'm a little worried the construction wo n't hold up , so we 'll see how long it lasts . The ice gel packs are sewn into the inside lining of the wrap , to focus the icing effect on your shin . I twist it a little bit to focus the icing on my inner leg next to the shin . Other than seeing how long it will last , its done the job I bought it for . Give it a try !
 sleeve is very difficult to get on and makes me think I need a bigger size that they suggest but when it is on it fits well and ices the correct place .
 I was so happy to finally find this product on Amazon . It 's a bit hard to find in general and I do n't understand why . Of all the floss I 've ever tried , this is the best I 've found.First you have the little plastic handle , which seems a little wasteful but it sure beats twisting floss around your finger or trying to twist it around some device and have it come loose half way through flossing.But the real reason this is so great is that it has TWO rows of floss . It gets way more nasty plaque out from between my teeth than anything else I 've tried . I 'm always like `` whoa , all that was in my mouth ? Gross ! '' It 's pretty amazing how well it works.I highly recommend you try this and see if YOU do n't get twice as much plaque out as you did with your old floss , too . -LRB- And if you still think your old floss is better , please let me know what it is ! -RRB-
 I purchased these from a local grocery store awhile back and loved them , they are easy to use and do n't get caught in my teeth . Sadly they are no logger carried and the replacements simply do not work for me . I am glad I found them on Amazon , and will be purchasing them here .
 I have tried different types/brands of flossers with mixed success . other flossers shred or are difficult to hold/operate . With the twinline , it pushes right through the gaps between my teeth with ease and does not shred . my mouth feels healthier , especially together with the morning crest rinse and evening act fluoride rinse.buy a few bags for the car , bathroom , nightstand or briefcase . wonderful .
 I thoroughly enjoy using this daily planner . All expectations have been met , I am very satisfied .
 This diffuser was in a vacation home that we stayed in and I had to get it for our home . I now feel as if I am still on vacation whenever I smell it !! I love it !
 I 've always wanted to be a runner but whenever I 'd give it a try I 'd get terrible shin splints . I just started the c25K running program and I must say that this product is invaluable to me . As soon is my run is over I put these on -LRB- I purchased 2 -RRB- , stretch and put my feet up . So far no soreness or inflammation . In just a few short weeks I should be able to run a 5k and I do n't think I could do it without these !
 I agree this product is a little difficult to get on the first few times but after that it is perfect . It stays snug and cold . I bought the other shin ice that wraps around and it does n't seem to be very cold . This one stays cold longer . All it needs is a couple times of stretching it around your calf and it will fit . I have large calves for a woman and it works great now
 I have been suffering from lower leg tendinitis for six months now . I 'm a runner and cyclist ... so you can imagine how such a thing can really slow me down . I ordered this ice wrap to help with the icing of my lower leg to reduce inflammation . I 'm not sure if I got the correct size , as I do have some difficulty getting this wrap on and off . I 've used it a hand full of times and the ice gel packs seem to last anywhere from 20 to 30 minutes , which is just right for proper icing . My leg always feels better when I take it off . I 'm a little worried the construction wo n't hold up , so we 'll see how long it lasts . The ice gel packs are sewn into the inside lining of the wrap , to focus the icing effect on your shin . I twist it a little bit to focus the icing on my inner leg next to the shin . Other than seeing how long it will last , its done the job I bought it for . Give it a try !
 sleeve is very difficult to get on and makes me think I need a bigger size that they suggest but when it is on it fits well and ices the correct place .
 I started running for the 1st time ever about a year ago and developed a horrible case of shin splints . After physical therapy and 3 months of rest in combination with sports massage and chiropractics , I am starting to train for a mini-marathon . I do n't want to relapse , so I wanted to ice 4 or more times a day . Having 2 kids under 5 , it is impossible to sit for 20 mins 4 times a day to ice . So I decided to try this product . I LOVE IT ! I measure for the small , but ordered medium based on other 's reviews of difficulty putting them on . They provide the perfect amount of compression and length of time icing . Best of all , I can wear them doing laundry , cooking , etc. . They are tricky to slide on , but are getting easier with repeated use .
 I love the Bioflex Magnetic Shin Support because it actually works . I was surprised that it did because it was not very expensive . -- The pain in my shin and knee was gone in about 10 minutes after I put it on . Plus I got the support that I needed for my knee and shin . What a great product and super fast shipping .
 This diffuser was in a vacation home that we stayed in and I had to get it for our home . I now feel as if I am still on vacation whenever I smell it !! I love it !
 This product does what it states . It gives your body the slight push it needs to fall asleep when you 're having trouble . I like the sublingual tablets because they seem to work faster than the traditional pills you swallow and they have a pleasant orange flavor . My only gripe is that they do n't dissolve as easily as other sublingual tablets I 've taken . These require you to move them around under your tongue to get them to dissolve . Others I 've taken dissolve quicker without manipulation under your tongue . Still , this wo n't stop me from buying these again . They do what they 're supposed to and the price is very reasonable .
 My coach first got me into these when I began running in high school . Ever since I have loved them . I eat a Clif Bar a day and these are my favorite ! They are chewy and chocolately and packed with a lot of vitamins and minerals . Great before a workout or for an afternoon energy boost .
 These bars are the best . They taste delicious -- plenty of dairy-free chocolate . They give me good , clean energy . -LRB- And the Amazon subscription service is a great way to get them , too . -RRB- They have a bit of cinnamon in them . Highly recommend .
 I eat a Clif Bar everyday before I go to work . And I work the night shift , and I 'm constantly on the move , so I need some quick energy . Clif Bars deliver what they promise . As a meal replacement , they work great . I do n't feel hungry for hours , and I 've got the energy I need to keep going .
 While not quite the purpose that the company created Clif bars for , I wanted a nutritious and filling start to my day and all the breakfast bars and quick start foods next to them in the cereal isle were too low in nutritional value for the number of calories they put in . Clif Bars on on the other hand give a good start to the day when you do n't have time for a `` real '' breakfast . The Chocolate Chip flavor makes it taste decadent while the grains make the texture feel like you 're having something substantial .
 These bars are good for you , provide energy renewal after vigorous exercise , taste great , and are wonderfully priced . Could you ask for more ?
 I love cliff bars , they are organic and very good for you and they taste great . Ca n't beat 'em .
 COMPLRTRLY IMMOBILIZED MY KNEE WHICH ENABLED ME TO OVERCOME A BRUISED AND STRAINED KNEE . HIGHLY RECCOMEND .
 I used this knee brace on my recent back packing trip to Colorado . I worked very well in keeping my knee streight and not alowing the joint to moved side to side .
 This is very well made and I suppose would work well if it stayed up . If you have large thighs , it will not . It rolls down . I would like to add that it is pretty true to size , if anything maybe a little on the larger side and not smaller . I wish it would have worked for me , because it is well made for the money . It 's just going to sit here and not be used :-LRB- Shipping was quick too ! This is not the companys fault , if your a larger person , these things happen .
 Back when I ordered this , I had sprained my knee pretty badly . I needed to stabilise it to see if it 'd heal on its own , or whether I 'd need a doctor . There was nothing at the pharmacy that fit . This product was comfortable , sturdy , and easy to use and to keep clean . I would say that at the time I was right in the middle of the range of fit for it - 5 ' 10 '' , 340 lbs , mostly on thighs and hips.Postscript - the knee healed nicely , and I no longer weigh anything NEAR 340 + lbs . I included my then-weight in order to be helpful to others in deciding whether this product might fit . Truth of the matter , if this had n't done its job , I might not have healed as well , and might not have been able to drop the weight .
 Only problem I have is over use . I 've been having some knee pain after twisting my knee . Have used this for plane rides , long meetings where sitting too long . This helps you from putting your leg / knee into a position that will hurt . Really helped improve . When I wear it too long - 6 + hours , the straps sometimes slide down into my knee . Just need to keep tightening , or wear it a little shorter length . Would definitely buy again .
 I have used several products from this brand , Physician Formulas , and found all of them superior products . This particular product I decided to try along with my sleep disorder -LRB- PLMS-Periodic Limb Movement Syndrome , of which I have a severe case -RRB- rx meds -LRB- Requip -RRB- 5-HTP 50 mg , 60 capshoping to not have to increase my dose . They worked so well , I went in and told my MD , who did some research and not only approved but said he was going to recommend them to other patients .
 This product was exactly what i was looking for and got it at a great price it was shipped when they said and arived on time
 This perfume truly lives up to its name . It is simply a pretty fresh foral smell that leaves you feeling like a princess . The smell is light enough to wear everyday or you can sprits a bit more for a elegant scent to last through the night . With an equally beautiful bottle this has got to be one of my favorite perfumes out there !
 This kids multi tastes pretty good , avoids the bad fillers and sugars found in grocery store brands , and covers the vitamin basics . The only shortcoming is that it contains only 200 IU of vitamin D , which is half of the latest recommended daily amount from the American Academy of Pediatricians .
 Ok , so it 's not like I 've tried that many different brands , just a handful - for more reviews of more moustache waxes you could see the UK Handle Bar Club 's site , which is a GREAT site and covers all sort of stuff for taking care of your ` stache . By the way , we need more guys to grow handlebar moustaches!Anyway , here 's what I like about this product :1 . It goes on easy - it 's creamy and sticks to your moustache well -LRB- ok , so I 've gotten a few containers that were more dried out , but if the seal is good , it 's nice and smooth and creamy -RRB- . This makes it very easy to style and form your ` stache and get all the hairs to stick together nicely .2 . When it dries , it provides a solid , if not HARD setting for your ` stache . It keeps your ` stache exactly where you want it .3 . When it is dry , you can still mold it or move it to a different shape if you want . Somtimes I want my tips up , sometimes , I like them more straight out . This gives me the ability to modify it if it did n't come out quite right when I first put it on .4 . It washes off your fingers easily , so you do n't end up with wax on your fingertips until it wears off .5 . It washes out of your ` stache easily when you shower without leaving a residue , making it easy to get a new style in in the morning .6 . Once it dries , it has almost no taste whatsoever . If you have a long ` stache , you WILL taste what is in it from time to time -LRB- or all the time -RRB- so this is an important consideration . * Please note - I say once it dries , because before then it does have a slightly unpleasant taste .7 . It comes in different colors , which may be nice if you need to hide the white hairs or make them darker . I have tried the brown and have found that it DOES NOT please ` she-who-is-to-be-obeyed ' because it can leave brown on the towels , washcloths , pillow cases , blankets , and anything else that comes into contact with the ` stache . Therefore
 Pinauds Moustache wax is the only product I use for my husbands handlebar moustache . It 's easy to work into the hair and allows for shaping before it dries . I have entered him in three moustache and beard contest and he has won two out of three . I just wish it came in a bigger container because I use a lot of it .
 I bought this for someone and when they are craving a cigarette its frustrating to see them struggling with the packaging that is very difficult to open , it makes them want a cigarette even more
 My baby was extremely fussy because she was gassy and in pain . I used Mylicon and it worked so well . The only thing is that you really have to follow the directions for it to work effectively . The anitgas medicine in Mylicon is simethicone , and it works best if you give your baby the dose before the feeding rather than after the feeding . I also used Colic Calm , which is an all natural gripe water type of medicine and it just did n't work as well for my baby . First , Colic Calm is black and it stains anything and everything it gets on , including your skin . It washes off skin but does not wash off clothing . So your precious baby 's clothing may get stained with black marks on it from Colic Calm . And it 's just not as effective as Mylicon . Mylicon does a great job at getting rid of gas . I highly recommend this product !
 you 'll thank yourself later . It works like magic for us . Every baby is different , but I 've heard more `` yeys '' than `` nays '' about this . I understand that `` Gripe Water '' -LRB- ? sp -RRB- is good , too , but we have no experience with this .
 When you have a gassy baby this is a good product to help relieve that . I 've had to use it a few times lately and it has helped quite a bit . It could work a little faster , but better than not at all .
 At times , this product is a godsend . If your child is fussy and you do n't know why , just try it .
 Very responsible provider , everything arrived in a timely fashion . I am really very happy , everything arrived as requested . The product is excellent
 A lot of people told me this product is uneffective , but it worked great when my baby had colics and was in pain . It took less than 5 min to calm him down . It worked as miracle for me .
 The only one solution for my gas baby problem.Now we can sleep a little bit more !
 I am so thankful for this product . My daughter has gas after every meal . The doctor told us that it is the colic , and that we should try Mlyicon . They told us to give it to her before every meal . If you only use it once and a while , it gives her diarrhea . It works most every time . We give it to her before all meals , and then again after her bedtime meal . We also give it to her throughout the day when she is in obvious pain . Mylicon relieves this pain within minutes . I recommend this product to anyone who has a child who has the colic or just looks like their belly aches due to gas .
 I give this to daughter each time I feed her . Her gas has improved a lot . A lot less crying now .
 I use Mylicon Gas Relief Drops with every bottle of milk . It does make a difference . Without it my baby sufferes from gases big time and ca n't sleep.Just do your babies a favor and give them Mylicon Gas Relief Drops .
 I bought two boxes of Clif bars for a friend in the middle of his first tour of duty in Iraq . He 's a US Army chaplain , and asked for the Clif bars to share with his fellow soldiers . Clif bars are a preferred gift for the soldiers for several reasons ; they travel well and arrive in good shape , they keep well and they 're easy for the soldiers to grab on their way out on patrol . But mostly , the familiar taste and label make them like comfort food to the soldiers ... something very welcome and needed after hours in a hot Humvee .
 Our whole family loves these - it 's my breakfast every day and it keeps me full until the early afternoon . For Weight Watcher 's it 's only 5 points . Our son takes one to school every day for a snack - we love , love , love these !
 This is by far the best Clif Bar flavor . They are good to take along hiking or other activities where you might be starving and not near food .
 Very yummy as a quick breakfast when camping . . Or any other time . ; - -RRB-
 The Chocolate Chip Peanut Crunch is the best flavor Cliff Bar in my opinion . I eat these before working out in the morning or while I 'm golfing and they fill me up and keep me going .
 I was nervous about ordering energy bars via Amazon because of the reviews I 'd read concerning stale bars . However , each of my three orders over the past several weeks resulted in the receipt of perfect , fresh bars . I really like Clif Bars for nutrition and appetite curbing , and the chocolate chip peanut crunch flavor is delicious . I tend to eat these bars as a quick breakfast or as a snack before going to the gym - especially if I 've had a light lunch .
 - We have been buying this product -LRB- the cherry flavor as well -RRB- for the last-year to supplement our diet . We like it becos it is a healthy snack and-helps as a quick alternative to junk food for our 3 yr old . Its also-cheaper on Amazon than buying it in a Natural Food Store .
 The bars are excellent and were recieved in a very timely manner . Fantastic product !
 COMPLRTRLY IMMOBILIZED MY KNEE WHICH ENABLED ME TO OVERCOME A BRUISED AND STRAINED KNEE . HIGHLY RECCOMEND .
 I used this knee brace on my recent back packing trip to Colorado . I worked very well in keeping my knee streight and not alowing the joint to moved side to side .
 This is very well made and I suppose would work well if it stayed up . If you have large thighs , it will not . It rolls down . I would like to add that it is pretty true to size , if anything maybe a little on the larger side and not smaller . I wish it would have worked for me , because it is well made for the money . It 's just going to sit here and not be used :-LRB- Shipping was quick too ! This is not the companys fault , if your a larger person , these things happen .
 Back when I ordered this , I had sprained my knee pretty badly . I needed to stabilise it to see if it 'd heal on its own , or whether I 'd need a doctor . There was nothing at the pharmacy that fit . This product was comfortable , sturdy , and easy to use and to keep clean . I would say that at the time I was right in the middle of the range of fit for it - 5 ' 10 '' , 340 lbs , mostly on thighs and hips.Postscript - the knee healed nicely , and I no longer weigh anything NEAR 340 + lbs . I included my then-weight in order to be helpful to others in deciding whether this product might fit . Truth of the matter , if this had n't done its job , I might not have healed as well , and might not have been able to drop the weight .
 Only problem I have is over use . I 've been having some knee pain after twisting my knee . Have used this for plane rides , long meetings where sitting too long . This helps you from putting your leg / knee into a position that will hurt . Really helped improve . When I wear it too long - 6 + hours , the straps sometimes slide down into my knee . Just need to keep tightening , or wear it a little shorter length . Would definitely buy again .
 I ordered some resistance bands for our exercise group . They came when promised and the group loves working with them . We get more of a work out with the bands than we do with weights . Great for all ability levels .
 I purchased this for a friend and he told me that it has been very helpful for him and he would purchase it again .
 I am very unhappy with the results . I ordered 4 bottles of Serum Vitality and only received 2 bottles with my ship , emt . I immediately contacted the company that sent the product and advised them of the short shipment . I was advised they would correct the problem and send the last 2 bottles immediately . To date I have not received the missing bottles , even though my AmerEx has been charged for 4 bottles.I AM ASSUMING AMAZON STANDS BEHIND EACH PRODUCT RERESENTED ON YOUR SITE . PLEASE RESOLVE THIS SITUATION OR REFUND THE COST OF THE UNSHIPPED PRODUCT.Fix this problem or I will stop using Amazon !
 I have plantar fasciitus and it feels amazing on my feet . Makes pain disappear very quickly . Makes working long days bearable again !
 I got this to improve the flexibility & strength in my forearms . It 's turned out to be a great product .
 COMPLRTRLY IMMOBILIZED MY KNEE WHICH ENABLED ME TO OVERCOME A BRUISED AND STRAINED KNEE . HIGHLY RECCOMEND .
 I used this knee brace on my recent back packing trip to Colorado . I worked very well in keeping my knee streight and not alowing the joint to moved side to side .
 This is very well made and I suppose would work well if it stayed up . If you have large thighs , it will not . It rolls down . I would like to add that it is pretty true to size , if anything maybe a little on the larger side and not smaller . I wish it would have worked for me , because it is well made for the money . It 's just going to sit here and not be used :-LRB- Shipping was quick too ! This is not the companys fault , if your a larger person , these things happen .
 Back when I ordered this , I had sprained my knee pretty badly . I needed to stabilise it to see if it 'd heal on its own , or whether I 'd need a doctor . There was nothing at the pharmacy that fit . This product was comfortable , sturdy , and easy to use and to keep clean . I would say that at the time I was right in the middle of the range of fit for it - 5 ' 10 '' , 340 lbs , mostly on thighs and hips.Postscript - the knee healed nicely , and I no longer weigh anything NEAR 340 + lbs . I included my then-weight in order to be helpful to others in deciding whether this product might fit . Truth of the matter , if this had n't done its job , I might not have healed as well , and might not have been able to drop the weight .
 Only problem I have is over use . I 've been having some knee pain after twisting my knee . Have used this for plane rides , long meetings where sitting too long . This helps you from putting your leg / knee into a position that will hurt . Really helped improve . When I wear it too long - 6 + hours , the straps sometimes slide down into my knee . Just need to keep tightening , or wear it a little shorter length . Would definitely buy again .
 My husband believes this supplement helps him . We received the order in good time and in good order . I would recommend this to a friend .
 I 'm not certainly as to how well they work , though I have been taking them . They are not magic pills . They do have a very strong garlicky aftertaste .
 If you are looking for new ways to incorporate soy products into your life , Clif Bars are one of the best tasting energy bars on the market . I 've given up trying other bars that are mostly disappointingly filled with all sorts of oils I ca n't eat . Take cottonseed for example it is in everything ! Not to mention , peanut butter and all the palm kernel oil saturating the health bar market.The ingredients in the Carrot Cake Bar : Organic Brown Rice Syrup , Soy Protein Isolate , Rice Flour , Malt Extract , Organic Soy Flour , Organic Roasted Soybeans , Organic Rolled Oats , Organic Evaporated Cane Juice , Organic Dried Apples , Cocoa Butter , Soy Lecithin , Natural Flavors , Apple Fiber , Oat Fiber , Organic Milled Flaxseed , Chicory Extract , Psyllium , Organic soy Butter , Dried Carrots , Raisins , Coconut , Sea Salt , Nutmeg , Cinnamon and Cloves.Each bar is 240 Calories and is delicious for breakfast with a cup of tea . I eat a Clif Bar almost every morning and never really feel overly hungry during the day.Gary -LRB- The Owner of Clif Bar Inc. -RRB- seems to have also found out that `` other '' energy bars were not really that tasty . After his `` epiphany , '' he spent lots of time in his Mom 's kitchen working on making cliff bars . What a guy ! I was at the point where I was trying to make my own granola bars , but after discovering these bars , I 'm hooked . They are portable , delicious and basically , I love all the flavors . You can take them biking , hiking , walking , anywhere.This bar is especially delicious and I seem to fall in love with it again each October . Must be the spices and the creamy white chocolate chips . There are just enough chocolate chips to remind you of cream cheese icing . If I had to choose between a piece of carrot cake and one of these bars , the bar would win.Also look for the Cranberry Apple Cherry Bars and the PumpkinSpice Bars . ~ The Rebecca Review
 High in carbs , organic and nutritious ... Most of the flavors are also high in sodium , so if you border on hbp , stay away.But the apple cranberry is within reason -LRB- sodium -RRB- and the taste is sweet and mildly reminicent of its namesake ; and the bar is very moist and very homely.The sugar is very high but it lets you dowm in a level manner . . Again , these Bars -LRB- Clif -RRB- are very high in carbs so a walk or run or workout is essential . . Although rated high -LRB- apple cranberry -RRB- , they are an acquired taste , as is the black cherry almond , a better , slightly less sweet , almondy flavored bar.Nothing is more subjective than taste in food , but of those I have tried , the blueberry crisp is highest in the billing and the 5 stars above the title . -LRB- They are not yet offered in subscribe & save , but should be -LRB- hear this , Amazon ? -RRB- . As it is , they are sold out whenever they appear . -RRB-
 My husband says this is `` the best flavour ever '' . He loves to take them to work or bike trips and munches on them happily .
 These bars are excellent . They taste great and give you lots of lasting energy . We used them while out in the woods picking morel mushrooms . When energy would lag , some water and a clif bar were the perfect pick me up . The best part is that it is organic , something we are trying to eat more and more of . Highly recommend !! Oh , do n't let the looks fool you they are not very nice looking .
 My wife and I eat these everyday . I could not be more happy with the ingredients or the taste .
 I am a personal trainer , currently working with a youth soccer team , and I know that that the energy levels of my day are intact with these bars . I am nearly 50 , going through menopause , and in need of supplemental calories and energy that will not interfere with my overall shape and endurance . These are the best . Healthy , organic , and easy to ingest on the go ... every personal trainer should look into these .
 While I enjoy this flavor , and I find the bars filling and nutritious , I do find these bars too sweet for my taste . I have mixed feelings about these bars . They offer a good source of Fiber , which I suppose balances out the sweetness . However , I do find that I do n't look forward to eating them , as I 'd thought I would ... again because of that sweetness .
 Great snack for my boys lunch for school . Healthy stuff in there and he loves it.Worth the money in my opinion . Bulk buying saves money
 This is a prescribed item for health maintenance . The product arrives promptly and in fine condition .
 I have been taking these for a few years . I need them as I do not have adrenals and my doctor told me to take unbuffered salt tablets . I use them to help raise my low blood pressure and keep my renin in the proper range.They do end up having a bit of breakage in the large size but the larger size is more economical than the small when you have to take them daily .
 After practicing pharmacy for 35 years , I can safely state that some of the other reviewers do not understand the use , and hence the cost , of this product.This product was never intended to be used as a home-rememdy salt tablet ; it was designed to aid in the extemporaneous preparation of salt solutions , such as Normal Saline , to be used in human medicine . The fact that these tablets meet U.S.P. -LRB- United States Pharmacopoeia -RRB- standards makes them more expensive than the usual consumer grade product . Much more time is spent in making certain that they are of extablished purity , strength , and freedom from bacterial contamination .
 I have low blood pressure and need a lot of salt . There is only so much table salt that you can consume . These tablets make it easy for me to get the required sodium .
 These tablets are great for adding sodium to your daily intake the only problem I have with them is they have a very strong salty taste . Wonder why they do n't coat them , if they did it would be 5 stars .
 My Dad has chronically low sodium and needs to supplement . He needs to take 6 gm a day to maintain his levels . I have been unable to find sodium tabs anywhere in a store for purchase . This big size lasts him a long time and the price is alright . So glad to have this available !
 I am glad for the good service I had - The product was what i need - Price very reasonable for the product
 The product serves out needs perfectly . We generally need to order large quantities of salt and the 1000 pill bottles fit the bill .
 Amazon is about the only source for plain sodium chloride tablets . The cost , therefore , seems quite high for something so plain , about 10 cents per tablet.They are well shaped and swallowed easily .
 I did n't even know they had a ` cold ' product safe for under age 2 ... this is safe starting at 1 year . My daughters -LRB- 14 months -RRB- were not even sick when I spotted this at our local pharmacy but I got it to have for when they did get sick so I could give it a try . Plus I have used Hylands Teething Tablets & Colic Tablets and LOVE both of those , they really do work.Unfortunately I have been able to test these out multiple times since then .1 st time both of my girls got snotty noses -LRB- yellow/green -RRB- and they were running ALL the time . I honestly ca n't say if the Cold Tablets helped any during that or not because I was giving them these tablets but their noses were still running all the time . However , my girls had their colds for a week & were not getting any better so we took them to the Dr. . . they both had sinus & ear infections & had to be put on prescription antibiotics.Now one of my daughters -LRB- Zoey -RRB- started having a clear runny nose yesterday & she was sneezing ALL the time . I started giving her these Cold Tablets and I 'd say probably around the 3rd dose I noticed a decrease in her runny nose & sneezing ... it was still running & she was still sneezing but definately not as much . That was yesterday , today it was the same problem , constant sneezing & runny nose and although this is a TMI , everytime she was sneezing she had tons of clear snot shoot down to or past her mouth . When I say she was constantly sneezing I mean she was sneezing/runny nose every 10 minutes or less . I started giving her these pills again and again around the 3rd dose her sneezing calmed down & her nose was running less.So , it appears to me that these do help . I do n't know if they 'll help if they actually have an infection like my girls had the first time but for a common cold or if you just dont know the cause , I think these are worth trying.As I said we 've used the Hylands Teething Tablets & those worked wonderfully & we still use the Hylands Colic Tablets and Love them . My girls also LOVE all the Hylands Tablets , they see the container & come with their mouths open
 The C-Plus Cold Tablets are a godsend ! My kids , now 3 and 4 , have started taking these at 1 and 2 , from the first sign of a cold all the way to the end . There have been times when I ran out and the difference is clear . The colds seem to be of shorter duration and not as severe . Plus , my kids LOVE them and always ask for them when they start sniffling with a runny nose . They were SO excited when at 3 , they were allowed to take 3 tabs instead of 2 ! These work . I do n't think you have to be adamant about giving them to your child every hour like the directions say , though . I keep them in my purse and at home and give it to them whenever I remember , which averages out to about every 3 hours or so , and they 've still worked fine.I do n't like medicating my children at such an early age , so I 'm glad that these are all natural . Take with the Hyland 's Cough and Cold and your child will be symptom free in no time !
 These things work like a charm for simple colds , if caught early . I 've been using them for two years and my son has been fighting off colds successfully . Greatly recommend it .
 I rely a lot on Hyland 's for my 3 year old . This product gives me peace of mind that I am not giving her chemicals
 Hyland 's is the best when it comes to infant and toddler care ! These tablets stopped my 20-month old 's chest cold in two days ! We love Hyland 's .
 I have used this product for years . Even though my kids do n't get sick often , this product is a must . It has a long shelf life . My two boys do n't ever make a fuss about having to take this . I love that it has vitamin C in it to help as well . It says to dissolve under the tongue , but for little ones it will still work if they do n't keep it under their tongue
 I swear by this for kids under 3 . I 've used it with both my kids and if you start it at the first sign of a cold and use it religiously -LRB- per the package instructions -RRB- I believe it will ward off or at least reduce the length and intensity of a cold . My kids love them and ask for them often . They 're a little pricey for the quantity , but worth it in my opinion .
 I eat a Clif Bar every morning for breakfast before I exercise . They stop the cravings and fuel me for the duration of my work out . Good balance of protein to carbs with no refined sugar and NO corn syrup . Lots of added vitamins and minerals make it a great meal replacement also when I 'm too busy to eat a meal . My favorite flavor is the chocolate almond fudge -- it 's chocolately enough without being sickly sweet . Perfect !
 This flavor really impressed me because I do n't normally like nuts in my foods . I like that Clif Bars does n't make their product overly sweet and leaving you with the feeling that your teeth are probably rotting as you chew . I often eat this bar with an apple or banana at breakfast or lunch and have plenty of energy for hours . It really fills you up , but not that bloated full that you get after having a burger with fries .
 A good snack item for home or on the run . Has good taste and good for you .
 These tasted like brownies . They 're a little over-the-top sweet , so eat them when you need a lot of carbs . The only problem I had with them is they 've got raw oats and soy , which do n't settle well with me ... but that 's my problem not clif 's .
 I love the chocolate almond fudge flavor . . not so much the peanut butter or the chocolate chip flavors . My brother-in law did n't like this flavor but my other friends like it too !! Amazon also has some of the best pricing around especially with Amazon Prime !!!
 My kids and husband love these ! It 's great for in between meal snacks . I prefer them to crackers and granola bars because they are packed nutritionally AND when we 're on the road -LRB- which is often -RRB- they do not leave the big mess other snacks do !
 This is by far the best tasting energy bar we ever tasted .
 Flax is a plant . The seeds in the flax plant are filled with flaxseed oil , -LRB- sometimes called linseed oil -RRB- . The seeds contain fatty oils called alpha-linolenic acid -LRB- ALA -RRB- and linoleic acid . ALA is the omega-3 oil in flaxseed . Flaxseed contains both omega-3 fatty acids and omega-6 fatty acids . Flaxseed is nature 's richest storehouse of omega-3 fatty acids , and contains more than twice as much omega-3 oil as fish oils , and it costs less , ounce for ounce . Flax also contains other important substances like lignans , which may protect against some types of cancer . The husks of the seeds are rich in mucilage . Both the seed oil and mucilage have many nutritional and therapeutic properties.I have used Vitamin Shoppe brand Flax and have no complaints.There are many potential benefits from taking Flax seed oil : Flaxseed Oil lowers cholesterol levels , thereby improving cardiovascular health and lessening the risk of arteriosclerosis.Flaxseed also contains plant nutrients like phytoestrogens . These are natural estrogen-like substances that can lessen the discomfort of menopause.Flaxseed oil may lower high blood pressure.Flaxseed oil helps some people improve their psoriasis and eczema , as it has anti-inflammatory properties . Flaxseed may also reduce the itching , swelling , and redness associated with certain skin disorders such as acne.Flaxseed oil has a positive effect on rheumatoid arthritis due to its ability to calm inflammation.Flaxseed reduces LDL -LRB- low-density lipoprotein -RRB- cholesterol -LRB- the body 's `` bad cholesterol '' -RRB- and lowers triglyceride levels . Research shows that flaxseed oil gives much better protection against heart attacks than canola oil or olive oil.Taking flaxseed may reduce cancer risk . This is because flaxseed contains the richest sources of lignan building blocks , which play a major role in preventing cardiovascular diseases and cancer . New research indicates that the lignans in flaxseed have both short-term and long-term protective effects against colon cancer.This form is all liquid oil . You pour out what you wish to take each day . I have spilled some doing this - it can be a bit messy.The benefits of Flaxseed Oil are cumulative . Commit to taking it every day without fail . Like any herbal supplement , do n't expect dramatic quick results . The results you get will be subtle at first and then build over time . For specific conditions such as Rhematoid arthritis , exzema , psoriasis , acne , etc , . the results should be apparent in 4-8 weeks . Be patient ! Know that even if you do n't `` feel '' different , you are sill protecting your body from the harmfull effects of many disease conditions.konedog
 This contains 16 servings , which means it will last you half a month . That 's pretty expensive when you break the price down by serving and whne compared with a 1 month supply of the flax capsules that costs $ 7 . However , liquid flax oil is a lot more concentrated than the pills you buy at the store.A flax oil pill typically contains 1000mg of flaxseed oil and a suggested dosage of 2-3 times a day . So with pills you 're getting 2-3g of flax oil a day . With liquid flax oil , you 're getting 14g of flax.If you are buying this for it 's purported treatment of acne , sunburn , diverticular disorders , hemorrhoids , and more serious health conerns , it 's probably best to consume the liquid flax oil . If you just want the benefits of lower cholesterol and heart disease prevention , a pill a few times a day , combined with fish oil should be all you need.It 's definitely easier though to take a spoonful of this in the morning than 3 flax pills a day , and when you loook at value , you 're getting 224g of flax oil in this bottle when compared with a typical 100g in a 100 pill bottle of the capsules . It all depends on what you need it for .
 I 'm taking flaxseed oil for it 's tremendous health benefits . I highly recommend the Vitamin Shoppe brand over any other because of it 's quality and price . The Vitamin Shoppe brand is manufactured by Barlean 's . Therefore , it 's high quality because it 's Barleans but it 's cost effective . Basically the same as Barleans just a different package . Anyone who knows about Flaxseed oil will know that the highest quality flaxseed oil is Organic , cold pressed , highest lignan by Barleans . So if you are on a budget and still want the top quality then this brand is for you . Also , I recommend the liquid over the pills because of potency . You get a lot more bang for you buck with the liquid versus the pill . If you do n't believe me just compare the labels and you will see ! Also , please note that the liquid must be kept refrigerated in this dark bottle because of light and heat effects on the potentcy quality of this product . Personally I just buy from my local Vitamin Shoppe in store but if you do n't have one near you order online .
 This is a great additive to your diet for a supplement . I add it to my smoothies in the morning and am off and running , it helps with getting nutrients and allows to aid in loss of tummy fat .
 Brothers Nutrition do stand by their products have excellent customer service . They are prompt , efficient and accomodating to one 's needs . I would recommend this company to all and rest assured that they will deliver on their promise . I am very satisified with their service
 This product worked really well for me as an asthma patient , It helped me get the mucous out , you have to eat before you take it or you will get nauseous , I took it 3 times a day as instructed on the bottle -LRB- I 'm 30 year old -RRB- & the bottle only lasted me 3 days & that 's the only complaint I have , I wish the bottle was larger . . but other than that great product , will try the pills next time
 I battle with chronic asthma . Used to be , when I had an acute attack , I would break out into a panic . My herbalist turned me on to this product when I was in dire straits . It took one dose for me to start breathing well again . Now I keep it in my herb cabinet at all times .
 This product gets the mucus out of your lungs and helps your cough . It really works and got me to the other end of walking Pneumonia last winter . I am stocking up . Anytime you have a sniffle that leaks into your lungs for any reason it works wonders . It is very calming .
 I have a minor case of silicosis -LSB- which is by no means minor to me -RSB- that came on after one incident of breathing diamotaceous earth . The pain in my lungs was terrible . This product took over a week to get here so the acute phase was passed by the time I got it , but my lungs still were hurting a lot and I just gave it a try . After taking Bronchial Soothe for the first time just a couple hours ago , right away the pain in my lungs began to subside and within minutes I hurled up a mass of frothy mucous from my lungs . Sounds disgusting , but it felt like heaven . I 'm not fully healed , but I do feel so much better after one use of this product.Based on my first experience with Bronchial Soothe and the relief I have already experienced , I would definitely recommend this product to others .
 This is not a miracle product but it has given meperiodic relief to naturally open the breathingpassage . I have been a repeat buyer of this product.It does indeed `` soothe '' the throat and it is notoverly expensive . I buy it to soothe , not to dealwith a chronic ailment .
 My son first tried this syrup when living over seas and it worked well . It helps with mild bronchial inflamation from a mild cold and minimizes the throat secretions when having severe allergies .
 A friend had given me some last year , tastes terrible but works , just hold your nose . Bought more this year seems breathing the cold northern air makes my lungs hurt , this soothes them .
 I have been using this product for over two years after doing intensive research on a homeopathic syrup from Germany - which I used prior to finding this one in the United States . Use it in small dozes throughout the day , -LRB- intervals of 1 to 2 hours if possible -RRB- and your cough will cease .
 My 85 year old mother was taking antibiotics for pneumonia and her chest was not clearing up and the meds made her out of it . She started taking the bronchial soothe and her chest cleared up with out any side effects . I recommend this product for anyone suffering with bronchial issues . We keep mom stocked with it .
 At the first sign of a cough , I give my daughter about 1/2 tsp of the bronchial soothe . The dosage for her age is actually 1 tsp . I 've found that 1/2 tsp for her is enough . By the next day the cough has gone away . We discovered that with my daughter that if we caught her cough early enough , it did n't have a chance to develop into something more serious . Bronchial soothe has been a great solution to stopping the cough before it has a chance to become something requiring stronger prescription medicine.The bronchial soothe did not work when my daughter had allergies and was coughing due to the hay fever.The taste and smell are not great , but my daughter is willing to take it anyways bc she knows it takes the cough away and bc the dosage is so little . I give it to her in a syringe so she does n't have to smell it before she has it .
 My daughter gets wasted every time she gets sick . She gets the most horrible coughing spasms , causing a lot of lost sleep -LRB- for everyone -RRB- and major frustration for her . This is the only thing that will calm her cough long enough for her to be able to get some sleep . Like another one said , it 's not a miracle product , in that it will cure your ailment . It just allows you the much needed break from the coughing , that prevents you from getting the rest you need . Not even regular cough medicine helps like this does . And I love that it 's natural and not chemical .
 I was looking for a natural product for coughs and all my research led me to Enzymatic Therapy . It works great with our 5 year old if he starts to get a cough . Soothes the bronchial passage and soothes coughs ! I highly recommend you try this product . It works great with our 5 year old if he starts to get a cough .
 I purchased this walker after back surgery and used for every step for several weeks . It was lightweight and with tennis balls on the front feet slid nicely on different surfaces -LRB- rugs , hard floors , paved road -RRB- . One major flaw the the walker had originall is that the foam hand grips were hard , and my hands became raw and red within 10 minutes.However , I came up with a cheap solution . I bought a small piece of black pipe insulation similar toM-D Building Product 50154 Indoor/Outdoor Pipe Insulation - Black -LRB- Pack of 40 -RRB- at the home improvement store , and taped it to the top bars . Not only did it make the grip nice and soft it also increased the area I can use as the grip , and sometimes I held the walker close to me that the original grip position.With this slight improvement I really liked the walker . Although until I came up with this innovation I was very concerned that I would not be able to walk as much as I needed for my exercise after surgery , not because of my back but because my hands would become raw first .
 Received product very quickly . I am ready to order more . The product was fresh and as advertised with a much better price than the local health food store .
 This is the best product I 've tried . And I 've tried plenty since I was a kid . Palmer 's lip butter is better than petrolium jelly , burt 's bees , chap stick , etc. . It 's even better than the organic Badger balm.Most lip balms or moisturizers just coat the lips and feel very heavy and sticky and they do n't stop the chapping or peeling . Palmer 's lip butter feels very light on the skin and has a nice subtle scent . It really stops the chapping .
 This lip butter is great !! I have used everything under the sun to help prevent chapped lips - ever since using this stuff , my lips have never been so soft & NO CHAPPING !! I would recommend to anyone !
 Thin and protective . Glides on easily and smells / tastes amazing . I will say that this particular application is definitely geared towards the more feminine as it 's glossy . Not just a sheen , but it is decidedly a gloss . Tingles a bit and lasts a long time . Buy a bunch so you always have one handy . Good stuff .
 My new favorite lip gloss !! This stuff does a great job moisturizing my lips and has a nice chocolatey-minty flavor that is not overwhelming . It 's just as nice to wear under lipstick as it is to wear alone . It gives a nice gloss without being too thick or shiny .
 This stuff smells great ! It goes on clear and the gloss is n't overly shiny , it looks very nice with or without lipstick . I do n't wear lipstick so I just go with it . It 's not too greasy or slimey or anything .
 Palmer 's lip butter is a fantastic product . I get so many compliments about having pretty lips , & what I use to keep them so soft & moist ! When the Walgreens in my area had they were closing out on this product , I purchased every tube they had !! I keep one in the car , my purse , & at work !
 Wish it was available locally but I guess I 'll just order as needed . Love this product . Hope it is n't discontinued now that I 've found it .
 I did n't read the details closely -LRB- `` adds a subtle gloss '' -RRB- and ordered this for my husband 's stocking . He 's a York Pppermint Patty addict . Lucky for me . It arrived , I realized I had goofed . Yippeeee ! Great stuff , tasty , not greasy or waxy /
 I was one of those poor souls who was addicted to the medicated lip balms because of severely dry and chapped lips . I decided it was time to wean myself off of the medicated addicting stuff , and I finally hit the jack pot when I found Palmer 's lip butter in chocolate peppermint . The peppermint added the little bit of coolness that I need to feel like it 's medicated , but not really medicated , you know ? My husband and son love the scent of it ! When I put it on in the car my 3 year old will always say `` mmmm , I smell chocolate , mama ! `` I love this product so much , that although I 'm not able to find it in any of the drugstores around here anymore , that I 'm about to order some from the internet !
 Best balm ever ! Leaves my lips feeling smooth and takes care of dryness right away . Added bonus is the chocolate scent with just a hint of peppermint . Has a balm texture with just a hint of a glossy look .
 ive been using palmers cocoa butter formula lip butter in dark chocolate and peppermint for two weeks now and my lips are very smooth . the lip butter works to combat even the driest lips . a special formulation of palmers 100 % pure cocoa butter and vitamin e provides ultra mosturization and a hint of gloss with the delectable aroma . this is great for anyone looking for smooth lips ! go get it !
 I have to buy these for my elderly Aunt and have a hard time finding them in stores . The one store I find them at does n't always have them in stock all of the time and when they do , I have to buy them in bulk and wind up spending a fortune . I 'm so grateful to have found these online ! They are so much cheaper and easier to get ! These stocking help her so much with her circulation in her legs !
 These crayon bandages are sooo pretty and colorful too . They come in three colors ... red , yellow and blue . And yes , there are 100 of them . The blue ones are rather dark , but that 's okay , as they 're still a nice novelty bandage . They are somewhat sturdy and a nice length . My box of bandages had the crayon name perfectly centered on them . The box is very cute also . My granddaughters love them , and they 're always looking to get boo-boos so they can have one . I like them too -LRB- never had bandages like this when I was a child -RRB- . My seller was excellent , MFASCO Health & Safety co , and shipped them with lightening speed . Glad I purchased this product . Thanks Amazon . ; -RRB-
 These are cute the only thing I have against them are that the crayon lettering is not centered well , hopefully that was just the box I received and everyone else who purchased these have centered letters and lines . Kids probably wont notice just adults .
 I bought these for Christmas gifts for my husband & my cousin . They both have a thing for crayons so we have been buying all kinds of things with crayons on them . I ca n't wait to see the look on their faces when they open these .
 When he was a little over a year old , my son developed some patches of mild eczema on his cheeks and the backs of his knees . We used hydrocortisone for the maximum amount of time recommended by his pediatrician , with little luck . I then tried the Gentle Naturals Baby Eczema Cream , which worked , but it had to be reapplied daily , and I was also concerned about the parabens in the product.Enter Burt 's Bees . I 'd heard some moms suggest the Baby Bee Skin Creme for kids with eczema , so I picked up a jar . -LRB- Incidentally , the product description here seems to be missing the ingredients , so here they are
 To soothe and protect a baby 's skin , there are few products like this one . When you want to baby your cuticles and feet , there is also nothing like this product.The scent is wonderful and you can also use this cream on chapped hands or patches of dry skin . Works especially well on elbows . ~ The Rebecca Review
 I used this product for our son until he was 1 1/2 years old . He never had ANY dry patches and he had many comments on the pleasent smell and his soft skin . My son was a preemie and we were very picky as to what went on his skin during his first year or so of life . I never had an issues with this product and I would freely recommend it use for all members of the household .
 I 've been taking these for about a month now and they have really helped me ! I was having a lot of stomach problems due to many different things . Taking these Enzymes is one of the many changes I made and I feel so much better - no side effects whatsoever !!
 My personal physician recommended this and I bought at goo.gl / k4MLG , with $ 10 off and free samples . Great stuff !!!!! He told me that digestive enzymes play key roles in our health by enabling our bodies to digest and utilize all the nutrients we ingest to the greatest extent possible . Without enzymes , food , minerals , and vitamins are useless . Moreover , these enzymes also play a key role in the elimination of toxins and the digestion and removal of scar tissue that builds up inside all of us as we age.Here is the major functions of systemic enzyme therapy :1 -RRB- Fights Inflammation2 -RRB- Fights Fibrosis3 -RRB- Immune System Modulation4 -RRB- Fights Blood Contamination5 -RRB- Fights VirusesTry it ... especially if you have acid reflux . I have n't had reflux since I started taking these babies ... a MUST HAVE . Taking these digestive enyzmes with each meal has made such a difference in my quality of life . No more being dragged down by indigestion and bloaty feeling . They got rid of my acid reflux , bloating , gas and indigestion . And even better , I lost three inches off my hips taking these . They help get rid of excess fat . Would recommend taking this product together with probiotics at goo.gl / 0qVLp if you have the same problems as me .
 Good quality . Does help with digesting food well . Useful to have in kitchen . Easy to use . Thanks Swanson for good quality digestive enzymes 180 tabs .
 I have been using Beano but this is cheaper . So I tried it . It seems to work , but I ca n't always tell because it depends on how many vegetables I eat and juice I drink , which varies from day to day .
 great service , I received the product very quickly and in great shape ! THANKS
 I think this product ... kool & fit ; is awesome & effective ; ! However , the postage amount was outrageous & unnecessary . Kevin HThank you for your attention ...
 This is great stuff and this seller was the best price ever . We will always buy from this seller . Thanks
 Not only do I love Kool n Fit , I 'm going to go spray some on as soon as I 'm done here ! It 's a great product for aches , pains , bruises and tired , overworked muscles . If you ca n't have a massage , this is the next best thing ! Use it even if you can have a massage . It is very economical , spray or splash all around the painful area , not just where it hurts . And do n't rub it in , let it air dry . Keep it away from broken skin and keep your undies on when applying . I believe it is the best analgesic there is
 I 've used Kool 'n Fit for quite a few years for chronic neck -LRB- very degenerated disc -RRB- pain and constant shoulder & rotater cuff pain , and I must tell you that it 's truly the only thing that 's actually taken away , removed pain , albeit temporarily . But sometimes when I 'm in shoulder spasm , the hour or two that Kool 'n Fit is working gives my muscles time to relax enough that when the pain returns , it 's not as painful as before . I HIGHLY recommend this product to anyone with chronic pain ! Works better than ThermaCare and that type of thing , Tiger Balm , many other lotions and sprays I 've tried . It 's awesome ! Try it , you 'll find relief !
 We have relied on Kool n Fit for years to take care of the aches and pains that arise from everyday living as well as from bursts of intense muscle use -LRB- like skiing -RRB- . It 's quick and easy to apply and works in minutes .
 I tried Medelea 's disposable nursing pads as well as 2 other brands of reusable pads . These are the only ones that do n't irritate my skin . It is true that if you have major leaking the milk will soak through but it has been my experience that this is the case for all nursing pads .
 The disposable nursing pads felt like fiberglass on my nipples - even the extra soft ones ... so out of desperation I went to Target and bought these and they are SO COMFORTABLE ! Plus they hold my leaks no problem
 I bought these to use during the day at work and so far they 've worked great . They 're easy to wash and dry , I just throw them in with my regular clothes . I did n't give it 5 stars because you ca n't wear these with thin clothes or they show . I wear them with a bra that has light padding so it works great that way , but if you wear a thin bra with a silk shirt or dress it would show . I love them though and I still have an unopened box of disposable bra pads that I received as a gift and will probably not use . I bought two packs and might get another one so that I do n't have to wash them during the week . Why buy disposables ? Seems pretty wasteful to me .
 They absorb well . However , you will have to wear a padded bra in order for the seams on these pads not to show and/or look pointy .
 These are the only nursing pads I use because they are soft and control leaks well . The disposable kind always make me itch so I have to go with the washable .
 These have served me well , and get me through the night and are very soft . They can be a bit lumpy unless you take a lot of time to smooth them out , but I think all pads are to an extent . I also have a set of the NUK ones , which are leak city .
 Although these pads are thick and may show thorough clothing , these are ideal for long-term nursing . I nursed for 1 year and never had a leak . I sometimes use disposable pads when I returned to work , and those always leaked after 4 hours . You save so much money if you buy 2 packs of these and wash them instead of buying disposables . I just wash them with the baby 's clothes since I was always washing anyway .
 These are so incredibly comfortable ! The disposable kind seem more convenient but are very abrasive to sensitive areas . These wash up great and are super soft . I never had leak issues either .
 As far as reusable nursing pads go , I really like these . They are very soft and about as absorbent as you could hope a cotton pad to be .
 These pads work great ! I 'm a first-time working mom and I need reliable protection . They 're completely absorbent and easy to wash because you just throw them in the laundry bag and wash with the rest of your clothes . You can even wash them with your baby 's laundry since they 're only dirty with breast milk . I 've tried other reusables such as nuuk 's and they would leak after 2 hours . I pump during lunch which are taken after 3-4 hours . These pads absorb up to 6 hours . I also use disposables while out such as medelan and advento which are great but add up over time as you buy more and more over the year . It 's a good idea to buy 2 or 3 sets if you 're breast feeding for a year or more . It saves so much money .
 They are very soft and much more comfortable than disposables . I just throw them in washer and dryer and they still keep the original shape . I do n't leak that much , so it 's not a problem at all .
 Good and soft nursing pads , more discreet than other pads , hold up well after several washes .
 I bought these to use around the house and overnight in the hopes of saving money . They are fairly absorbent , but they do leak sometimes , and they shrink a bit on the first wash . I now pair them with a Lansinoh disposable -LRB- which I LOVE ! -RRB- , as it helps protect against any extra leaks .
 I have been through 4 brands of disposables and also have several pairs of these . At first when I was sore and using nipple cream , I used the disposables . The yellow cream stains , so I did n't want to mess up my good pads . After I no longer needed cream , I moved on to the washable ones . I think they are so much softer and more comfortable than the disposables . I forget that I even have them on . I agree with other posters that they may not be as discreet as some of the disposables , but I do n't really care . I do n't wear too many tight clothes these days and if I did I could use disposables -LRB- to me the J&J and Avent disposables are the most discreet -RRB- . I do n't leak much anymore , so these are plenty sufficient to collect leakage . I have four pair . I generally do laundry once a week , with one load at some point mid-week . I 'm able to always have some on hand .
 I 've been using disposable nursing bra pads but they were uncomfortable and lumpy so I tried these cotton ones instead . I REALLY liked them and they were certainly much more comfortable than the disposables . They do leak though so I only use these around the house and while sleeping . So . . comfort is a 5 star for sure . But , better stick with the super soaker uppers during the day .
 These offer at least as much protection as the disposables and are more comfortable and less `` crunchy '' -LRB- ie they do n't make noise like I found the thick disposables did ! -RRB- . They wash and dry well too . My favorite pads , which I would rate 5 star-plus , are called `` MilkDiapers '' nursing pads . Most of the pad is thin , soft cotton/flannel ... and then it has an 8-layer thicker section to absorb where you need it most . Even though they 're soft to begin with , they get softer and softer after each washing . I used them for over 2 years and they were still in good enough shape to pass along to friends ! They also saved me from having to double up on other thin washable pads which made me look even more odd-shaped than I was already feeling . Here 's a tip ... after leaking in one of the pads , I often gave that pad to my baby to sleep with , or sent her to daycare with it . My `` smell '' would comfort her when I could n't . Best wishes for a happy , enjoyable breastfeeding experience for you and your child !
 I had used this product due to the dissatisfaction with the disposables , which I had to use more than one . I managed to escape throught the day without any accidents due to leaking or my enthusiastic baby . I recommend this item to all nursing mothers . I will definately save you from embarrasing situations .
 These bra pads are by far the most comfortable and absorbant that I have found . I have tried at least 4 different brands and styles . These are my favorite . They hold up well after months of washings . The only drawback is that they are thick -LRB- thus the softness and super absorbency -RRB- and have a seam that will not always lie flat along the edge . If you are wearing a tight or extremely thin shirt , you may be able to see the outline of the pad through your clothing . Although I found this to be the case with many bra pads , these seemed to be the worst . But , their excellent performance and comfort still make them my hands down favorite . All the other bra pads I have just sit in my drawer .
 I love these - they are soft and comfy . Disposable ones make me feel gross and sweaty like im wearing a plastic diaper . I have only had occasional leaks on days when I did n't nurse or pump enough , so I simply learned to keep an extra pair around - no big deal . I wash these separately in my mini wonder-washer so that they do n't get mixed in with my clothes and lost . I dont really wear tight clothes - but when I do I just wear a heavier bra to cover the lines -LRB- not that it really matters who sees im wearing breast pads , everyone looks at the kid these days - not me ! -RRB-
 When I learned that there were WASHABLE nursing pads , I was excited ! I tend to go through nursing pads pretty quickly . These are comfortable , even when saturated ... so comfortable , that I had n't noticed that they were saturated and leaked everywhere ! To combat that , I ended up backing the washable nursing pads up with a disposable pad . I go through a lot less nursing pads now ! Because of this , I am now going through 1 washable pad about every other day and have to change the disposables even less often . FYI
 I have n't used these yet but they were shipped almost immediately ! My friend uses them and loves them . My baby is due in 6.5 weeks so we will see !
 When my Magic Chef refrigerator was on the fritz , the repairman told me to junk it . The brand was n't worth repairing or owning . It was a side by side . I have limited space in my trailer for a refrigerator and most side by sides wo n't fit.I discovered that side by side refrigerators are not the best value . The size of refrigerators are measured from their EXTERNAL measurements . Thus a 22 cubic foot side by side refrigerator will hold less than a 22 cubic foot freezer top refrigerator . This is because the side by side has a large internal wall compared to the freezer top.I liked Whirlpool , but had a budget so I obtained their low end model at Lowe 's with free delivery and set up . I have had the unit for several years -LRB- longer than the Magic Chef that gave out -RRB- and have n't had any issues with it . In fact for the price that I paid for it , it will be cheaper to toss it and get a new one rather than repair it . Less than $ 300.00 at Lowe 's includes delivery , set-up and carting off your old one .
 I 've worked 3rd for many years now and 6 months ago I began to loose sleep caused by tossing and turning and unable to stay asleep for more than 2 - 3 hours . I tried everything I could think of and even resorted to alcohol and Nyquil mixed ... yeah , really . Well , not too long after that I discovered this and it turns out I made a wise choice and it has helped me get my needed 8 hours once again . I do n't wake up with a hangover from a sleeping pill and it 's a natural product . I take it 20 - 30 minutes prior to going to bed and I fall asleep fast and get a great sleep . When nothing else worked ... and when I say worked I mean getting 8 hours of good sleep followed by waking up feeling like a had a good night sleep ! I hated waking up feeling as tired as I did prior to sleeping . This helped . Try it . You have nothing to loose !
 I 've always had difficulty falling asleep -LRB- the dreaded `` snowball '' effect -RRB- and trouble staying asleep . I thought about trying the prescription sleep aides like Ambien and Lunesta , but have heard unpleasant stories from friends and colleagues -LRB- sleepwalking and memory loss were the most common side effects they talked about -RRB- . Anyway , I started taking this at night , and have never slept so well in my life !! The only side effect I was bothered by was that I had really vivid dreams for the first few nights . Be prepared for it ; it 's very common . It does go away and was never bad enough for me to stop taking it . It 's a small price to pay for a good night 's sleep , am I right ?
 the title says it alltitle says it all yestitle says it all nowtitle says it all heytitle says it all !
 I purchased several of these kits . I do n't golf , but I do have 5 kids and am always needing bandaids while we are at the park or zoo etc. . . These are in a great little plastic case that is easy to find and small enough for a purse , diaperbag or glove box!Perfect for the small boo boo 's when you are on an outing !
 Tom 's of Maine is known for only incorporating natural ingredients in it 's toothpaste . This particular brand of toothpaste carries the certification of the American Dental Association -LRB- thus it has fluoride and is not too abrasive -RRB- . Best of all it is sweetened with xylitol , a natural sugar from birch trees which has been proven to kill bacteria instead of feeding them . Xylitol is the best addition to a toothpaste product in years , and dentists recognize that it definitiely improves oral health . This toothpaste uses calcium carbonate as the abrasive ; this being a much milder abrasive as compared to silica -LRB- finely ground sand -RRB- . This brand does not have any tartar inhibitors or desensitizers added to it . If you need tartar-control , then I would recommend the following : Tom 's of Maine Natural Whole Care Anticavity & Tartar Control Plus Whitening Gel Toothpaste , Cinnamon-Clove , 0.91 oz -LRB- 25.8 g -RRB- , Case of 12 Tu , or for sensitive teeth
 This is the best toothpaste I 've ever bought ! No saccharin , no preservatives , no dyes , no animal products , kosher , and ADA approved ! And it 's all natural ! No sweet after taste like conventional toothpastes . Fresh and clean feeling after ever brushing . I feel like this is much better for your teeth than conventional toothpaste . Even my dental hygienist commented on how clean my teeth wear at my last cleaning . I do n't think I 'll ever buy regular drug store toothpaste again .
 Peppermint covers MOST of the baking soda -LRB- but not all -RRB- and no artificial sweetner to make your mouth feel funny . The essential oils leave you breath sweet and fresh . Cleans stains , but I do n't like baking soda in toothpaste , myself .
 Tom 's Of Maine has a wide variety of toothpaste all made from Natural ingredients with various healthful benefits that all keep your mouth fresh , clean and healthy . This one , Peppermint flavored , with baking soda and calcium is great for clean teeth and uses fluoride to help in preventing cavities . Other ingredients included are water , glycerin , carageenan , xylitol , sodium laurel sulfate -LRB- from coconut oil -RRB- . The box lists the purpose and source of each one . For example Carrageenan is a thickener and it 's source is seaweed.The peppermint taste is very refreshing and leaves my mouth clean and fresh feeling even between meals.it uses only a mild abrasive -LRB- calcium carbonate -RRB- and this one is accepted by the ADA for helping to prevent tooth decay . I rotate this one with Tom 's ` antiplaque ' made with fennel , propolis and myrrh -LRB- kind of tastes like a purple spice drop -RRB- , which , for those that prefer a non-fluoride toothpaste is great at preventing plaque build-up , but does not last quite as long as this peppermint one as far as freshness goes.Tom 's of Maine has been around since 1970 and uses no artificial flavors , colors or preservatives . A great way and natural way to keep your mouth healthy and fresh.Have a Healthy and Happy New Year ... Laurie
 I have been using Tom 's products for a long time and have been especially happy with the Baking Soda Fluoride toothpaste . I started buying it on Amazon since it seems to be more and more difficult to get this product in the Supermarket `` natural food '' area . Vitamin Shoppe was the provider and their service is excellent . If you have n't used this product before , you may be a little surprised since there is no sweetener and as many of us have been conditioned to the awful over-sweetened typical toothpastes , it might be a bit of a shock . Conversely , I have tried other `` natural '' toothpastes on the market and many of those have their own problems including consistency , taste , and ability to actually clean . Tom 's is by far the best , and the Baking Soda Fluoride will leave you with clean teeth and the strong peppermint is great for the breath .
 I recently had to use the thermometer when my little one got sick and it was easier than trying to take her temp under her arm . Since she needed soothing anyway , it was easy to keep in her mouth . Also , the pacifier that came with this set is the ONLY pacifier she 'll take ! I wish they sold that separately so I can have more than one . Every mom of a baby should have this thermometer . You also do n't have to worry about adding one degree to the final reading like you do with the underarm thermometers -LRB- not that it 's hard or anything ... -RRB- . Highly recommend this !!
 I think this is a wonderful concept . I requested this item on my baby shower list , and recieved it . I have yet to use this item , but the features are what attracted me . The 90 second quick read , last temperature recall , a soft musical lullaby fever alarm , water resistant , digital reading and much more . The pacifier is small enough for a newborn . The directions were simple and easy to understand . The only complaints that I do have are , there is no way you are able to replace the battery , even though it is implied it is a long-life battery.The 1-800 # for the company , is no longer working and the warranty is only for one year with proof of purchase . You must also mail $ 3.99 for a handling charge . I would be leary of that if you are unable to contact this company with the # they provided .
 This soap is a lot better than what you get in the store , but Aubrey could do a lot more with it . First off , this soap is only 85 % organic , so the rest of it is the same stuff you 're probably trying to avoid . TheAubrey Organics - Herbal Liquid Body Soap , 16 fl oz liquidis 100 % organic , but neither of these soaps contain anything to really get rid of the toxins that collect in your skin on a daily basis.If you stick with Aubrey , which is a good company , a better option than either of these would probably be theAubrey Organics - Sea Buckthorn Nourishing Bath Bar , 4.0 oz bar.Another good option is theSea Buckthorn Soap - 4 oz - Bar ... but overall this is still a very good soap .
 NOTE
 My whole family uses this toothpaste , and the taste is gentle and does n't give you that gagging strong feeling like you just swallowed listerine ! This toothpaste has also whitened my teeth , over the past few months , and leaves my mouth clean and gums healthy .
 Bizarre , right ? I know what you may be thinking
 When baby 's not feeling well , it can be hard to get them to hold still to take their temperature . This great kit really improves on the traditional pacifier . By using this set , the baby can get the soothing comfort of a pacifier from the same device that is taking their temperature or dispensing their medication . This kit can definately take away some of the little difficultie involved in caring for baby when baby does n't feel so well .
 I have only used the pacifier thermometer but I find that it is perfect for new moms who want to take a quick temp for peace of mind . It is heavier than a normal pacifier but my daughter is pretty picky about what pacifiers she will take and she will keep this one in . Further I find it much more accurate than the ear thermometer .
 I 've been using TwinLab Daily One capsules for about 10 months . I have borderline anemia so I switched to the Daily One with Iron and my recent blood work came back with my iron levels in the normal range . I do n't always take them with a meal , but they have not caused any stomach upset or burping like solid pill-type vitamins do to me .
 Item was as described . Item arrived in the stated time frame . Will continue to order this product on auto ship on a regular basis as needed .
 For some reason my nails seem stronger , my hair does too . I used to take generic over the counter vitamins , I am going to stick w / these though . They seem to really make a difference , then again , I may just be crazy .
 I had a few deficiencies that needed fixing , I am not particularly fond of OTC vits . especially the gel cap ones as they often contain porcine gelatin . . this one contains bovine gelatin -LRB- I called the company to confirm -RRB- It was difficult to tolerate in the beginning and still if I take it on a light stomach -LRB- i.e with a cracker and juice -RRB- as opposed to a meal , it induces severe nausea and a miserable feeling that I feel the need to lean back a bit and close my eyes until the feeling subsides . Now the positives which are plenty starting with me not succumbing to severe depression for which I was prescribed some SSRI given my apprehension of pills that mess with brain chemicals and a thorough investigation on the ills of anti-depressants and how they fared compared to st. John 's and placebo I figured the best choice for me was to find another approach to deal with the blues and I think the B complex in this vits . meets with the needs and even exceeds them , plus folic acid which any woman of child-bearing age thinking of becoming pregnant should be on at least a month in advance of conception . I am not quite there yet but I feel much better than where I started.I am not quite sure that this has fixed my vit D deficiency given my G.P prescribed a dose in the thousand , I figured that eventually it will square out given that this product contains 100 % vit D at the 400IU range . -LRB- and it is a fat soluble vitamin -RRB- . . in my humble opinion it can be made better by adding the daily dose of Magnesium , calcium , phosphorus combo , but given how large those pills are and that I have to take them twice a day to meet with the recommended dose -LRB- and in some brands 5 pills instead of 2 -RRB- I 'd say it is near impossible to have fit them in one daily gel caps.I think this is an excellent product over-all . . I am not sure that vitamins have any outcome on longevity but they certainly do impact the quality of life , especially when something like iron or vit . D deficiency can really have some adverse affect on the day to day living.Yes I recommend this brand . . I think it is also quite a generous portion so you will get your money 's worth . . I read here that they use pharmaceutical grade ingredients , I have n't personally investigated that , but I think that would really make this product ideal !
 This product is very useful as an adhesive remover . I had used many other things before in trying to remove medical adhesives from things such as band-aids and mainly fentanyl pain patches . This product is the best thing I have used period .
 I have very sensitive/allergic skin , but must wear some bandages over a port in my chest . Using this , pulling up just a tiny amount of the bandage and then rubbing this under the bandage and skin while pulling off the bandage , reduces pain about 95 % or more . I have LOTS of problems with sensitivities , and I can use it . I recommend it .
 Not only is this product great for removing icky sticky oowey gooey messes from any surface , even delicate ones , but it can sit out of the package and still keep working for some time . I opened one once but did n't use it right away . When I did use it three days later it worked perfectly . It did n't dry out at all . One little pad can do a major clean up job , too . The other great thing about it is that it has a pleasant orange fragrance . I keep a few pads everywhere . Love it !
 These wipes defintely helped in the removal of medicated patches that my son uses . However , I still could not get all of the adhesive off his skin .
 This product could n't work any better . It is also fast . Not only does it work on skin , it also works on the residue left from labels on cookware , etc. . I highly recommend it .
 I could not do without these wipes . They make the difference between a painful ostomy wafer removal and a smooth one .
 These are the best for removing CGM sensors . My Diabetic care educator told me that soaking the sensor 's glue in baby oil would loosen it , but I still had skin tearing upon removal . With these , there is no pain and they cleanly remove all of the glue with minimal effort .
 At last , a solution to the perennial pesky problem of adhesive residue on my tender abdomen . This stuff totally rocks !
 This has been found to be another excellent product put out by Convatec . All there products that I have purchased so far are priced reasonably well and do the job that they are expected to do , very happy with the product .
 Found this product to be very effective in removing the goo on your skin , left by adhesive bandages . Each wipe is small and wrapped separately making it very economical .
 This is an amazing product for anyone who has struggled with removing adhesive residue from body hair . According to my contacts in the medical profession , there is some potential for skin reaction so it is best to test first . We have had no problems .
 I am a massage therapist and am familiar with Shiatsu Mats . This one is doable but I wish it was just a tad bit wider ! I practiced in school with much larger mats and this one does not seem to be as comfortable .
 Overall , this product does what it 's supposed to do . You ca n't beat the price , and it was delivered fast -LRB- I think it took about 4 days total with standard shipping -RRB- . On the downside , it makes everything you put it in taste like cardboard . I was hoping for no taste , but no luck there . Seriously , no matter what you do and how much you try to cover it up , EVERYTHING is going to taste like cardboard . So , with that in mind , it 's best to just put it in a glass of water and drink it down to get it over with , and chase it with another glass to get the taste out of your mouth.Still , despite the taste , it 's totally worth it . Another plus is that there 's no filler or BS . 4.5 g carbs of which 100 % is fiber , so no unnecessary calories or carbs.I will definitely buy this again when I run out .
 This was a great product and a great price . Shipping was fast too . It is better for you than Metamucil because there is none of the additives that Metamucil has . My cholesterol was lowered by 68 points in just 3 months by using this and similar products !! Highly recommended
 I love this product ! It REALLY works ! It helps u slim down and CLEAN UP your insides ;-RRB- !!!
 I have struggled with irregularity for as long as I can remember . I started taking this two weeks ago , and I have n't felt this good in a long time . I did n't realize how much is affected by not being regular . I feel lighter and cleaner , and I have sooooo much more stamina and energy . I 'm not a doctor , but here are some helpful hints when taking PHP :1 . The directions say to start with 1 rounded teaspoon , but I recommend half of that to begin . I was a little bloated for the first week until my body adjusted to the powder . After that , I increased my dosage about 1/8 of a teaspoon every few days and am up to 2 teaspoons a day now . Do n't be afraid to lighten up the dose until your body adjusts . It will work no matter what .2 . Do n't mix with water . It tastes like cardboard , so juice works better . I mix one teaspoon with 18 oz . of Crystal Light and I do n't taste the powder at all . The label suggests at least 8 oz . of fluid , but I tripled that to kill the taste .3 . And , use a reusable water bottle . This stuff settles if you let it sit for more than a minute , so you 'll want to close it and shake it up every so often.I feel great and will definately order more !
 As most of the other reviews stated , this product DOES exactly what it is suppose to . It definitely keeps you regular and you feel lighter and cleaner . I ALWAYS just mix with water and just gulp it down-quickly , and then I would follow with more water to get rid of any after-taste . Shipping was very fast , maybe 3-4 days and the price is excellent . I will be re-ordering !
 I was unable to get it local for a while and needed something fast . A good product . Being a powder is best as anything else is too coarse . Quantity and price is about right . Quality is good .
 Works better than I expected , better than the husks . Absolutely no problem mixing in a blender .
 I wanted just plain , unflavored psyllium husks powder & this is it . It was a good price & came fast .
 I had first ordered this for my bulldog that was having some digestive issues withfrequent bowel movements . I had read during my research that sometimes adding fibercan help with this issue . Well , it did n't seem to help my dog . . but later on my dad ` sdog was very constipated to the point of not eating for several days . I gave himsome of this and after a couple of days she was back to her old self .
 Excellent way.to help cleanse your system of toxins . Mixes well in a protein shake . S must have for every dieter .
 Mixes really well with rice milk and I can really feel the results reaped from cleansing .
 This is a really cost effective way to add some more fiber to your diet . I mix a spoonful with a glass of water one to two times a day and it really helps me stay regular .
 My vet wanted me to give my dog a fiber supplement since he has soft stools . She originally recommended Metamucil but I had a hard time finding the unflavored variety and I did n't like giving him the extra ingredients . The Psyillium Husk powder is the active ingredient in Metamucil and this has no additives . Purchasing through amazon is also much cheaper .
 This product does exactly what it is suppose to . I have tried the Husks Powder and yes it is a little hard to swallow , but I have since purchased the Psyllium WHOLE husks and I like it a lot better . I mixes so much easier whether it be in water or juice and is not as hard to take . I will continue to purchase from Vitamin Shoppe since they have the best deals .
 Works just as well as more expensive brands I 've tried . Mixes better than most . Nice wide mouth container for easy scooping . This is the one I 'll stick with .
 This product is great and makes you feel better . Always be aware of the amount one takes . You 'll need to drink a lot of water . Overall I got this really fast through the mail and I 'm satisfied .
 Buying in bulk saved me a boat load of money . Stores cahrge way too much for this product . I have used it evert day for over a year and have no complaints .
 just a tsp in water -LRB- I like to combine it with the liquid bentonite -- Yerba Prima brand -RRB- and it really helps to &#34; clean house &#34; !
 I like this Psyllium much better than the finely ground products I 've bought in the past because it mixes in water and other drinks so easily . I like to put a half of a teaspoon of this in my yogurt of all things .
 simple natural product . raw psyllium . if you need psyllium fiber , which is also in metamucil and comparable generics this is fine . metamucil has coloring and sweeteners , this does not . you can get the metamucil eqivalent at walmart for less money however .
 I received the product a day before it was scheduled to arrive which is always a good thing . My only complaint is that the protective seal on the container -LRB- under the top -RRB- was n't all the way sealed . I did n't wig out about it because there was a safety seal around the outside of the container that was in tact . So I 'm pleased with the product .
 vitamin shoppe phylllium husk powder is the best i 've tried . no extra crap added ... and it 's finely milled so it mixes well into alot of things . i 've added it to smoothies , soups , yogurt , juice . i used meal replacement shakes and they were n't filling enough for me ... adding 1-2 teaspoons of the psyllium husk powder really made the difference . it 's made it alot easier for me to sneak extra fiber in where i need it .
 I just add water and chug it , does n't taste good with anything due to its consistency . Helps you to drop one like it 's hot . Nuff said .
 product arrived ontime . hopefully will stabilize my digestion but thats a longterm project . has n't killed me yet .
 Not much more I can say . Great product , great price .
 If you are really looking for a full cleanse effect I would highly recommend takings Sonne 's 7 with this Psylliium Husk product , this company has been around since 1946 that tells you something right there , in conjunction with Psyllium Husks and drinking plenty of water throughout the day , you will get the ultimate detoxification/cleanse and feel better overall health wise . I just started a week ago and have been amazed with resultsSonne 's Organic Foods - Sonne 's No. 7 Detoxification , 32 fl oz liquid
 Convenient size and easy to use . Works well storing leftovers in the refrigerator . Very durable - I am able to wash and re-use these bowls many times . Order via `` Subscribe & Save '' and you will save some money and not have to worry about running out .
 works well for sending lunches to school/work and I like that it 's bpa free . wish it were just a little taller so if I do by individual packs they would fit in it -LRB- I know that 's why you buy this so you do n't have to buy those packs but sometimes you still have them -RRB- .
 LOVE these . Great for kids lunches and husbands ! No leaks between sections or out of container in general . Last a long time for what could be considered disposable containers . Finally had to throw 1 way after a year and I use almost daily during the school year . Fit perfectly in Old Navy square lunch boxes and similar ones sold at Wal-Mart .
 My kindergartener uses these in her school lunches and they are easy for her to open and close without help and we have not had any trouble with leakage .
 these are just the right size for mixing yogurt and fruit and granola . Not entirely watertight though . Liquids have a tendency to leak out .
 good size for elementary schoolers . need to be a bit careful when removing the lids so they do n't crack . We like that they do n't leak !
 All seals hold tight and fit nicely in lunch box - just wish I could get these shipped to Canada !
 What can I say about these containers ? It 's a great variety pack . The round bowls come with screw on lids , which I like . The others have the typical snap on lids . The subscribe and save was a great deal , ontop of the sale price that I got on the containers . Shipping was free and quick . I would highly recommend .
 I use them for home made baby food . I pour hot baby food in them and put them in freezer . From the freezer into the microwave and then to the dishwasher.So far they were very durable and no leaks . Kept their shape and color as if they were new.BPA free . 1 cup \ 8 oz containers.The size and shape are great to use them as a bowl for the baby . You do n't need to use more dishes during meal time.When full I can stack up to 3 to 4 containers . More than that is not stable.Stackable when empty . Lids do not interlock with each other , but they are stackable as well.These are very inexpensive baby food containers . Perfect solution !
 These do not last forever if you use the dishwasher to clean them , but considering the low price , they last well enough . They are also cheap enough that you do n't have to worry when you lose one.They stay sealed pretty well . The newer version of these have a screw top , but that is n't available in this size , and I do n't think they are anymore secure or leak proof than these are , based on how they work in the smaller size .
 I do n't know why sectioned food containers are so hard to find , but they are . The rubberized lid containers of other branks shrink in the dishwasher and then do n't fit . These are the thickness of the disposable food containers but they serve their purpose of separating breakfast . lunch and dinner items you do n't want mixed together .
 They all look good . I wish they were a little bigger.Ziploc Containers Variety Pack , 12-Count -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB-
 THESE ZIPLOC CONTAINERS ARE GREAT TO HAVE AROUND . WE USE THEM FOR LEFTOVERS & FOR SENDING LEFTOVERS HOME WITH FAMILY AND FRIENDS . HANDY TO USE FOR TAKING LUNCH TO THE OFFICE AND A MILLION OTHER USES .
 I purchased theZiploc Containers Variety Packto have available for after Thanksgiving dinner . The four assorted sizes were perfect to send home leftovers with my Mom , Grandma , Uncle and Aunt . Normally they bring their own , but they never have enough . The best thing about these are that at this cost I do n't have to ask for them back and knowing my family they will reuse them plenty .
 I bought this because I was inspired by the &#34; Bento &#34; lunch boxes shown on Pinterest.These Ziplock containers seem to be fairly water tight . At least my cottage cheese did n't soak into my sandwich and fruit . It did n't warp when washed top rack of dishwasher.My biggest disappointment is they are too large to set flat in my &#34; 31 &#34; brand lunch box . They are also too large even for my husband 's &#34; 6 pack &#34; style lunch pail.Still I 'll use them and enjoy the cutesy factor ... anything to brighten up brown bag lunches .
 Not easy to find in local stores , but easily available from Amazon and promptly delivered . Ahh , just the right size , with lids that fit properly and can be put on securely with one little push to the center of the lid . What a benefit and much , much more satisfactory than any of Amazon 's local store competitors . Easy to keep clean and to store , too .
 When we go to my brother 's house for dinner , my sister-in-law always sends us home with left-overs in plastic containers . These were perfect to act as replacements for her supply .
 these were perfect for my Christmas goodies to use as gifts for family and friends &#8211; perfect size for individual portions !
 Not fancy tuperware , but great for a cheaper alternative or on a budget . I have used them for about a year now , and they are still in great shape . Have n't had to throw any away yet .
 You can put applesauce in one container and a sandwich in another , and everything stays separate and locked tight . And , I can put it in the dishwasher - perfect !
 Great containers they hold food in great . When i bought them i thought they were all just one size . When i got them I saw they were multi-pack but that is what was described . but it was ok
 These are really good . I have had one crack but they are still pretty nice . They are n't too big or too small
 Great for lunches , leak proof containers and easy to clean . Hold up well considering they are disposable . Also I guess I misread the description but its 2-2packs so you get 4 total . I was n't upset though because I will use them !
 This is a great little product that I found out about while reading a blog written by a woman who packs her kid 's school lunch each day . I am WELL past school days , but I still take my lunch to work as often as I can . This divided container allows me to separate dissimilar items and the best part is that the division between the three separate wells is sealed off with the lid . So , I was able to take leftovers in the large well , and celery sticks in one small wall , and some dip in the third well . No leakage at all ! BPA free as well . Will definitely keep this on subscribe-and-save .
 Between making my purchase and receiving my items , I found this item for half the price . I was pleasantly surprised to find out that I had misunderstood the 2-count -LRB- pack of 2 -RRB- description . Each order has a total of 4 containers . Needless to say I am happy that I ended up with the item for exactly the right price and I have a few extras on hand . I am very impressed with how it seals and prevents liquids from leaking into the other compartments . I can now send my child 's sandwich , applesauce and popcorn all in one container and not worry about them mixing up .
 Very pleased with my purchase . Have been looking for these in stores for months and could not find them . Thank you .
 I bought these containers so my husband could take left-overs to work for his lunches . They are PERFECT . I love that they have the divider so you can have 3 separate foods . The size is very nice . Even the smallish sections are an okay size for vegetables or other sides . I 'm sure I 'll be buying more !
 I bought these containers to pack my daughter 's school lunches . I loved the divided compartments . However , these containers were too big to fit in her usual lunchbox , and barely fit in an old lunch box of hers . I would keep that in mind when purchasing this when the intention is for kids lunches . If it 's for an adult or other reason then it 's perfect as adult lunch boxes/carriers tend to be larger .
 Love the convience of the Ziploc containers . They stack neatly to conserve space when not in use . Plus , cheap enough to send home when friends and not worrying about getting them back .
 Even though you get 4 of these since it is a 2 pack of 2 , you can get them cheaper elsewhere . I bought a 2 pack at Target for 2.49 and you can use coupons at Target : -RRB-
 I make a total of 5 school lunches and snacks for my kids each weekday . For reasons that I do n't precisely understand , lunch-making is a task of bother disproportionate to how much work is actually involved -- but it has truly been a necessary irritant for years . I slack and make sandwiches , my kids complain -LRB- nicely -RRB- and bring home lunchboxes still half-full of rejected candidates for their mid-day attention.No more . I have resolved this year to present lunches that resemble choices that I myself would find appealing -- many small portions of diverse foods , unexpected combinations , a little bite of something sweet at the end , not too much bread . And I have to say , these boxes really have helped toward that end . The sizes of the compartments create maximum flexibility for leftovers , pinwheels , pasta salads , fruit and veg , crackers & cheese , roll-ups ... and yes , the trusty sandwich , now and then . It 's easy to slip in one little surprise with the more predictable fare when I can count on the sections maintaining water-tightness ; even with the vigorous shaking elementary school kids give their boxes , we 've had no leaking from one section into the others . They 're holding up in the dishwasher just fine -LRB- I do keep extras , because life is nicer when I 'm not forced to wash a dish to complete lunch packing -RRB- . Ours fit beautifully with a separate snack -LRB- usually in aRubbermaid TakeAlongs 1-Cup Twist and Seal Containers , Pack of 4 -RRB- + a water bottle in an LL Bean Flip-Top lunchbox . The box inserts at a slight angle , which has not impacted its functionality.Recommended for kid or adult lunch usage . A great , simple , straightforward , affordable product is always a pleasure to find .
 This is the perfect Bento box to send to school with an Elementary aged child.The Cost is amazingly low , the fluid and content retention is amazingly high andwhen a Plastic storage container can become an object of interest to not only a schooldistrict Dietitian but also a Special Education instruction team . We have a winner here.Zip-Lock also has a marvelous section of their website dedicated to 100 calorie snacks andchoices . I started using them for Freezing meals or building salads to go in minutes ... and was pleasantly impressed with the ease of use and how often I run out of them.It is just one of the best buys for the money spent that I have seen in a long time . I 'm buyingagain and hope to eventually have enough of them to build my lunches and dinners to freeze inindividual meals .
 These little containers have become a kitchen staple for me over the past few years . They last a really long time , but are inexpensive enough , I do n't mind giving them away or losing them -LRB- as anyone with kids tends to do ! -RRB-
 My kids and I love these Ziplock containers ! They make packing school lunches a breeze and encourages creativity in what I 'm packing for them to eat .
 I love these Ziploc containers . I use them for my daughter 's lunch she is in kindergarten and they are great for bento meals . I use them for my lunches as well . The only reason I ended up buying these were because the Easy Lunch Boxes system were out of stock and I needed another alternative and I am very happy I chose these -LRB- nothing against easylunchboxes -RRB- . They are leak proof they fit into different size lunch boxes they are the same size as the easy lunch box system . I love the price I paid $ 2.00 for them at Target . I do not put the lids in the dishwasher only the container bottom portion just because of other reviews I read . My 5 year old does not have any problem at all opening the lids and silicone cupcake/food dividers fit perfectly in these containers . I have had parents ask me if these were the Easy Lunch Box system when I tell them they are Ziploc and cost $ 2.00 for two they always look surprised . I 'm a mom who loves to bento and I highly recommend these to everyone .
 I purchased these for my daughter 's school lunches . I love the size and found it especially helpful that each of the compartments seal separately so even when she tumbles it around in her backpack the different compartments do not mix . : -RRB-
 * The below review has been given by my wife * I got 2 sets of ziploc containers from Amazon . I use them to store my spices required on everyday basis to prepare food items . They are very light and convenient to remove from the storage rack and put back .
 Perfect size for baby/toddler food . I freeze small portions in these and bring them out with me with her lunch when we are eating out of the house .
 I prefer using glass storage as much as possible but once in a while when I have to freeze something , I prefer these so I dont have to worry about it . Once they have been well used , I can recycle them too . Of course they stack more neatly in my cabinet than the glass locks.This was a very good deal even without the subscribe and save . I have used rubbermaid until now but am very satisfied switching to ziploc . I especially like the measure marking on the boxes . Very good package , every piece in it is equally useful . Glad to recommend .
 Good containers for a great price . There are different sizes great for your leftovers and for lunch . I bought them especially for storing my husband 's lunch .
 When I ordered these , I was afraid they would be too deep to eat directly out of . I have brought lunch to work in them several times now , though , and found that has n't been an issue . They are large enough to pack a good size lunch in without being too big to fit conveniently or so big that I feel like I 'm chasing the food around in a giant bowl .
 This was the perfect compliment the end of Thanksgiving Dinner with the purchase of two sets . We were able to store all of the `` leftovers '' in the containers . There was enough mid size containers to send extra food home with my guests also . Only complaint would be maybe need one more of the largest container included in the set .
 These are the best and cheapest containers we have ever used , and they freeze very well and the food does n't get that freezer smell even after months . Only problem is that these are so hard to find , Walmart used to be the only place where I could find them but I do n't think they stock them any more , we are so glad we found them in Amazon .
 My partner and I have been keeping our eyes out for just these EXACT containers at all the stores we go to , and not one place had any product comparable to this one . So we ordered two sets of these beauties so that my partner and I can home cook meals in advance for him to take to work and eat . Saving us a LOT of money . Now that we know that we can find some here , we may just order some more come summertime and beginning of harvest for certain plants from our garden . Great hard tyo find product at a reasonable cost , with fast shipping .
 I resorted to ordering these from Amazon because for some reason local stores do n't carry this size . These round Ziploc containers are the perfect size for a lunch entree leftover . We have been using the slightly different predecessor version of this container for over 5 years . After hundreds of individual uses and dishwasher trips , they are still going strong ! -LRB- Unfortunately the previous version tops do not fit on these containers . -RRB- Even though the plastic is lightweight , it is surprisingly durable . As with many plastic containers , the bowl lip will catch water in the dishwasher , but no biggee . All in all an excellent leftover container .
 There are plenty of things to do with this . Very nice for salads . The little bowls stay in the lid really well , which I was a little worried about .
 It 's got 4 different sizes and the price was right . Just what I needed for leftovers . However none of the containers are &#34; super &#34; large so if that 's what you are looking for , then this is not what you want - just in case ... : -RRB-
 I love these divided containers ! I pack a waste-free lunch for my son every day , and these are wonderful . Each compartment is sealed so I can pack a sandwich in the big one and not worry about juice from his fruit getting on it ! My husband loves how the containers and lids all stack together and how he is n't forced to find separate containers and lids when making lunch . A great buy !!!!!
 This is a great product . I have been making homemade lunchables for my kids to take to school . The best part is that the sections will not leak into each other .
 Only divided container that keeps food items separate no matter how much it 's moved around . Perfect for my daughter 's lunches .
 I could n't find these at ANY store that I checked at ! So glad I found them ! I bought these in hopes to make my own `` lunchables '' so to speak . My kids refuse to eat school lunch , so they take their lunches EVERY day . I ordered two `` two packs '' , assuming that would give me four containers ... they 're packaged as 2 two-packs per unit ... so you get 4 containers per unit ... ooops ... I ended up with EIGHT containers ! Oh well , guess I wo n't have to wash them as often to keep up with daily lunch packing!They are AWESOME ! Each compartment seals individually , giving you the option of packing a dry/solid item in one compartment and something like salad dressing , dip , liquid of some kind in one of the other compartments without the fear of it leaking into one of the other compartments . LOVE them ! : o -RRB-
 Purchased for school sack lunches . Practical for compartmentalizing small meals , a bit large for most lunch box/bags , will crack easily around rim at compartment borders .
 These are great for packing school lunches . I would give 4 stars , but finding a lunch box that fits this plus a drink is a challenge . The full size Pack-it works well with this container . Much better than using baggies !
 i 've been using this product for many years and love it - fennel is a great taste too - i do n't use the fluoride version -
 Yellow dock is an excellent source of iron . I purchased this for my daughter who was anemic during pregnancy . Yellow dock is recommended by midwives to prevent and treat anemia . We had good results .
 Received my order on time ; no problem with delivery . I do wish , though , that for all health products , the label info would be printed online , including ingredients and warnings . This was my first time ordering this product -LRB- to help with the absorption of iron -RRB- , and had I known that there was a warning for people who 've had kidney stones , I would n't have ordered it . Kind of a hassle to return it and not sure they would take it , since I opened it .
 Very effective - personal hygiene cleanser and moisturizer solution . Found the product @ Kaiser Permanente Hospital - service very good - - - -
 I bought the 30 pack off of eBay recently . I was pleasantly surprised by the yummy taste of the various flavors -LRB- with exception of `` root beer float '' flavor . -RRB- I got them to help me quit smoking -LRB- oral fix . -RRB- I am finding out they are effective in losing weight as well . They defiantly curve my appetite . I find they give me a nice subtle increase in energy too , without that `` nervous feel '' . I am telling my friends about this product . Who would have ever thought `` one can eat candy AND lose weight '' !?
 I recently purchased the Hoodia Pops and found them to be very tasty . There are multiple flavors and cut that craving for candy that I should n't really be eating . The only problem is I keep waiting for that chocolate chewy middle . Despite that drawback , I recommend these as an alternative to sweets that are taboo . They are good and good for you .
 THE CINNAMON AND PINK LEMONADE FLAVORS ARE MY FAVORITES . I GRAB ONE WHEN I WANT TO HAVE SOME OTHER SWEET - DO N'T KNOW THAT I 'VE LOST WEIGHT BECAUSE OF THE HOODIA OR BECAUSE I AM REPLACING THE HIGHER CALORIE SNACK WITH A POWER POP . NO MATTER , I STILL LIKE THEM .
 These may not work as an effective `` appetite suppressant '' for me , BUT , they seriously take between 45 minutes to 1 hour to finish !!! That is great for me because they keep my mouth busy and I 'm not thinking of snacking all day . Also , by the time I finish one , I have to wait to eat anyways just because the sweet taste is still in my mouth and therefore keeps me satisfied for another 30min to an hour later =-RRB- Well , then maybe they are an appetite suppressant . LOL I ordered the assorted flavors pack because I was n't sure what I was in for . Initially , I thought I wanted to order just watermelon . Glad I did n't , it was nasty ! My favorite flavors ended up sup rising me
 Although they 're intentions are for curbing appetite , I have been buying and using them for a long time because it takes over a half an hourto consume and it satisfies my sweet tooth . They taste fabulous especially root beer , cinnamon , pink lemonade and candy cane . I panic whenI run low .
 Love these little bottles ! They are so convenient for taking on trips . I keep them in the diaper bag too for those all too often situations when I need to wash little hands . I 've also added them into Baby shower gifts .
 Tom 's of Maine ToothpasteTom 's is a small company , employing fewer than two hundred people . It was founded in 1970 and then purchased by Colgate in 2006 . Fortunately , Colgate has left Tom 's alone to manage their business according to their original principles.Tom 's makes natural products . The toothpaste contains no sugar , sweeteners , or artificial flavoring . By contrast , I looked at a tube of Colgate toothpaste that I have on the shelf . It contains `` flavor , '' whatever that is , `` saccharine , '' and `` propylene glycol . '' The last ingredient is a less-toxic form of anti-freeze . One advantage of Tom 's toothpaste is that we do not have to worry about ingesting poisons when we use it.I have been using Tom 's for years . The toothpaste comes in many flavors . On Amazon , you can findPeppermint,Spearmint,Fennel,Orange-Mango , Cinnamint , Wintermint , Apricot , Soothing Mint , True Mint , andGingermint , among others . I prefer the Peppermint flavor , which is refreshing , but not overwhelming . The toothpaste is available in sizes from 1 ounce to 6 ounces.I do not exactly live in a wilderness area , but my local stores no longer carry Tom 's . Fortunately , it can be found on Amazon and other web sites . The prices do vary from vendor to vendor , so check for the best price .
 I ca n't live without this floss . It actually works to get the plaque out . You can visibly see the difference . It gets stuff that other flosses leave behind . As a test , I flossed with Glide and then flossed with Tom 's afterwards . The Tom 's got plaque and food that Glide missed . The evidence is on the floss . The Tom 's floss is gritier so it can scrape the food off your teeth whereas Glide just glides passed everything . On the Tom 's floss , you could see the food or plaque that came out from my teeth and onto the floss .
 It cleans very well ... it does not have that overwhelming mint flavor , and sugary taste . Its frayed thread works perfect . Excellent natural product !
 My favorite floss . Cleans well , does n't break except under unusual or extreme circumstances . A few years ago , I thought Glide floss was good but I think it was just gliding over the junk between my teeth . With this floss , it really seems like it is cleaning .
 I can feel the difference after using this floss . It seems to grab the plaque . It even beats Oral B 's ultra floss that 's fuzzy .
 This flat , waxed floss slips easily between tightely spaced teeth and into the peridontal region between gum and tooth to scrap the tooth surface below the gum line where peridontal disease develops . Proper use of this floss disrupts pockets forming below the gum line , which helps recovery and prevents complications due to deepening pockets and peridontal disease . Flossing can be followed by an effective mouth wash lavage using Waterpik or similar device .
 Taste terrible , but gives you a lot of energy during the day . I always take it early in the morning .
 Wow ! This product is a good replacement of vegetables for people on the go ! It does n't have the ` raw ' flavor that some products in this category have . And if you do n't like the taste , still , mix it with a few teaspoons of honey and it will do you a WORLD of good !
 I began using this when my daughter was two days old because of breastfeeding discomfort . It stopped all of the discomfort and dryness that I had in about 20 minutes . I breastfed for eleven and a half months and I used it the whole time . This was a lifesaver .
 I was introduced to PureLan in the hospital when my son first latched on . As a result from my son not latching on properly , my nipples became cracked , sore , and dry . PureLan was my lifesaver to happy nursing !
 As a mom-2-be I have been using this because my breasts have been really sore because , I am due anytime now . Also my neice who has a 3 month old boy swears by this . She had VERY sore breasts for about the first month and once she started using this product it eased the pain by at least 50 % and made them heal 3x faster than if she would ` nt have used it . I recommend you buy this product !
 Use this product or one similar , -LRB- Lasinoh -RRB- , from the very first time your baby latches on and every time there after until you and your baby are experienced , -LRB- about a 1-1/2 months -RRB- . Didi I say every time ? I meant every time . You do n't want to know what it is like without it .
 I loved it . I no longer have to use it because we both have the hang of it , but for the first 4 weeks I did ` nt go anywhere without a tube of it .
 I starting using the lanolin in the first few days then stopped because I thought it was n't working . I quickly realized how much it aided in the moisturizing of my nipples because they began to crack . I then went back to using the lanolin and they healed immediately . Highly recommend using this product and do n't stop until the first week or 2 !
 I loved this product when I was nursing and ca n't recommend it enough for soreness for the new mom . What I discovered is that it 's great for other uses . During cold season , I blow my nose so much the skin cracks and it HURTS ! I have tried everything on it and nothing works to actually heal it except Purelan ! Yes , it 's kind of sticky , but give it a try . I put it on all day , it made my nose feel better and overnight the pain was gone.I even used it on my knuckles -LRB- which crack and bleed during the winter -RRB- and it healed them in two days . I ca n't say enough good things about this product . Buy it . ...
 I used this for so many things other than just the typical soreness from nursing . Even now that my son is 16 months old , I still use it for his -LRB- and even mine -RRB- light abrasions or cuts . It almost acts like Neosporin and cuts the healing time . But when I used this while nursing , I noticed that sometimes my son would initially refuse to latch . Then I caught on that it was the lanolin . Once I learned to remove it before feeding , I never had a problem with him refusing .
 I used this product right from the very beginning . What a miracle product . Long lasting and effective . When I went in the hospital with Mastitis this was definitely a life saver . Using the breast pump at that time was especially painful but this helped in some aspects .
 I used this for typical use reasons and LOVED it ! Finally , on my 3rd baby , I just realized it is the BEST butt rash cream ever ! He has had a terrible butt rash for 3 weeks -LRB- bleeding -RRB- and within 2 days this did the trick ! MAGIC !!!
 This stuff is great , its smooth , comforting and a savior for sore nipples . I used it constantly when breastfeeding . It 's also safe for baby . Highly recommend !
 This tube is a life saver ! I recommend buying 3 tubes , keep one near the bed , one in the bathroom after a shower and one to keep in your pocket .
 I am on my first bottle of Iberogast . I was diagnosed with IBS thirty-five years ago and took Bentyl for 17 years . Because Bentyl caused unwanted side-effects , I went off of it and my intestinal trouble remained . I have tried many products , along with acupuncture , massage , and meditation . Iberogast seems to be helping the most . My digestion has calmed , and I have much less gas and bloating .
 This product is awesome you can take it anywere and it is durable my 3yr old mixes his choc milk and believe me he has dropped it alot and it still works like new !!!!!!
 This product is great . It does what it says . It keep your carbs down to a minimum . I recommend it .
 I took this as a dietary supplement after reading suggestions that it would help me lower my cholesterol . I should mention that I made drastic dietary changes -LRB- pretty much cut out red meats - avoided foods with high amounts of cholesterol -RRB- as well and began a regular workout routine . I found this was a useful supplement for me as I took my cholesterol from 260 in November of 2008 to 157 in August of 2009 . The biggest drop for me occurred between April 2009 when I had 230 for total cholesterol to August . Of course - no guarantees for your performance on this supplement , but I found it to be a useful part of my strategy to get a bit healthier .
 I 've been taking this to combat fatigue and chronic yeast infections and it has helped tremendously - more than any other product just about ! However , the only down side is that some of the pills have a very strong garlic odor/flavor as they go down the hatch . I would n't mind that so much if they did n't advertise that it was ` deodorized ' . But since I did n't expect that unpleasant taste , it was quite a shocker .
 I saw that this was reviewed badly and I wanted to offer a REAL review . I 'm not sure how a natural product like this could make someone feel bad . If you look at the ingredients , they are all very healthy and safe . I give this to my family regularly and have for years . Never had a problem . Vitamins that you buy at the grocery store have synthetic and unnatural ingredients . They are bad for your liver and overall health and most of the ingredients are from China . When you buy a natural product like this , this is what vitamins are supposed to be .
 Easy to swallow and only one per day . Been using for years . I love these vitamins ! I would recommend . They also are easy on the stomach .
 Difficult to find once daily &#34; capsules &#34; these fit the bill nicely and are much easier to swallow than tablets previously take
 I do believe this product is helping me . I have gone through one bottle and have started on the secone one . The pain in my back has diminished and the neck pain is getting there .
 Swanson Premium liquid glucosamine works and works fast . if you follow directions you will start to feel better in your joints within 1 week . I had knee pain where I could n't walk down a flight of steps . Felt like someone was pulling me apart . I started taking this and after 1 week there was no pain anymore . i stll take it everyday
 I appreciate being able to purchase this produt in a larger container than usually available . I had been told the product was no longer being produced .
 For us older adults , proteolytic enzyme therapy should be at the cornerstone of our health regimes . My husband and I have been happy with Zymitol and the good results we 've seen in treating pain from degenerative disc disease , eliminating acid reflux , carpal tunnel and general pain management . My husband is currently on a 5-week course at twice the dosage to stop the proliferation of kidney stones and lower his PSA and has had no no ill effects . Its fibrinolytic enzyme -LRB- Serapeptase -RRB- dissolves scar tissue throughout the body which is a major cause of inflammation . I 've compared prices and bioavailable ingredients of Zymitol to many other products and this seems to be the best formula for the price . We use much less NSAID anti-inflammatories now and have avoided surgeries to correct problems . If taken correctly , along with excercise and healthy diet it can work wonders . The biggest challenge for us is adhering to the timing - since all proteolytic enzymes have to be taken between meals to reap the most health benfits , it 's easy to forget .
 I love these veggie caps and use them to add l-lysine powder to my cat 's dry food . Cats need lysine to control runny eyes and boost their immune system from herpes virus . Solgar brand is the best and cheaper than cat-specific Elysel brand.Best dose is 250mg up to 1,000 mg daily . 250 is the maintenance dose and 1,000 is for flare ups . I add 1 veggie cap to 1/2 cup dry anytime I put out their dry food dish . It works extremely well .
 I recently had a large amount of pain from my tennis elbow and I needed some sort of support to decrease the pain . So far it has been great . It keeps my elbow warm which helps increase blood flow and it also restricts my motion to help keep from over-stretching and overuse . Very useful tool for any elbow pain . Very pleased .
 This is a great brace for the money . I 've tried all kinds for my `` tennis elbow '' and this seems to be the only one that really seems to help . It 's not totally pain-free tennis playing , but much better with this brace in place ! The only downfall seems to be it 's lasting power . I 've gone through 3 in the last year and a half . I play tennis about 4 days a week ... so it could be just overuse . Anyway ... I keep buying them so I must like them !
 This item was very well made ; it just did not come in a size that fit my arm .
 These wipes are convenient and work really well on my stainless steel appliances . I am very pleased with them and would buy them again . If you use them without a glove you will notice they make your hands feel weird , but I just wash them right after -LRB- which you should do anyway -RRB- .
 Love , love this product . I ca n't believe it makes the cleaning of my stainless appliances so easy.Don ' t bother with the liquid cleaner , go with the wipes and you wo n't be sorry .
 I am glad that I purchased this product . It does a very nice job of cleaning the dishwasher , stove and refrigerator . My kitchen is very small and this causes our appliances to get dirtier than I think they would in a larger kitchen . I have used this product for several months now and it makes them look like new . The only disadvantage would be that the wipes make your hands feel greasy for a little bit , but that is easily taken care of by washing them . Overall , loved this product .
 I love these wipes . I followed the directions of other reviewers and made sure I wiped whatever area I was using the wipe on so it would n't look streaky . I used an inexpensive microfiber towel . I had no problems and I 'd say it made my stainless steel fridge , microwave , and oven all pretty clean and shiny . There were a couple tiny spots that you could still faintly see on my fridge that had been there from little fingers but you have to go up real close and stare before you 'd notice it . I think they were there so long that it was really difficult to completely get rid of it . Overall , a great product and I 'd buy it again . I 'm considering buying the spray only because I 'm thinking it might last me a little longer ??
 Could not find a similar product in the stores - just knew there had to be stainless steel wipes available , so I gave these a try . They work very well and one wipe will do several appliances . Great Product .
 We just bought new stainless steel GE appliances for our new kitchen and I was so worried about the fingerprints and all the negatives that people say about stainless steel appliances ... I was hesitant but I love the look so I went ahead and got them ... . I also bought these wipes and let me tell you that my appliances look AMAZING after cleaning them with this product ... it 's very easy to use !!! I recommend it 100 %
 Love , love , love this product . Recommended by GE for my new , long awaited , stainless steel appliances . Excellent results . I am one happy camper .
 This is superior to many of the other stainless steel wipes because of the mineral oil it contains . I was so sorry I had stainless appliances until I found these wipes . I had tried so many other products and most just left more streaks or they did n't remove buildup . I also use it on my stainless sinks , no more water spots . You do need to go over the refrigerator and other appliances that are low to the ground with a clean dry cloth after using these to remove excess oil or else pet hair will stick to it.I recommend these highly !
 My wife and I recently purchased 3 new GE Profile stainless steel appliances for our kitchen . We liked the modern look of stainless steel , but were apprehensive about consumer complaints about how difficult they were to keep clean . I did some research on various cleaners , and came across the series of Cerama Bryte products . I went to their website and read several customer reviews which offered glowing reports of their products . I went to Amazon to see if they offered the product , and purchased them through an affiliate supplier for a cheaper price than I could have purchased them from Cerama Bryte directly.These wipes perform brilliantly . I just wipe the surface , wait a few seconds , and wipe clean with a microfiber cloth . Fingerprints and food stains come off effortlessly . Our appliances are almost 5 months old now , and they look as new as the day they arrived . One wipe can be used on all 3 appliances -LRB- refrigerator , stove , and microwave oven -RRB- . I usually wipe them down once every 5 days , so a canister will last about a month or more . Such an easy product to use and the results are outstanding . If you are looking for a stainless steel cleaner , this is definitely the one !
 I love these pop out wipes for a quick wipe and polish . great for a busy hectic day when we do n't want or need extra minutes of work
 This is the best Stainless Steel Appliance polisher I have ever found !!!! It not only takes away the finger prints , but keeps the new finger prints from even staying !! It is wonderful . I have become a lifetime buyer !!
 Use these wipes on a stainless steel trash can every so often an it gets it shining like new again , great product !
 This was the third product I have tried to clean our new stainless steel appliances , these work fast and easy !
 I 've had a really tough time with several products made for stainless steel . They streak like crazy . I had a small amount of this from a previous resident and it 's great stuff . I had done some research and people say mineral oil is good for putting a fingerprint resistant coating on the appliance and this has mineral oil in it . It puts a great shine on with no streaking .
 I just bought a new GE cafe ' stove , and this is what GE recommends as a `` pre-treatmnet '' of sorts . Used with microfiber cloths , it does provide a spotless finish . If you are intimidated by those who tell you that stainless is hard to keep clean , buy some of this , and make the switch .
 we purchased this after noticing multiple burn-type stains on our new stainless stove . This did as advertised and removed the stains with ease . After purchasing similar products that did not work , this product was recommended to us and it surpassed our expectations . I highly recommend this if your looking for something to remove tough cooking stains - it does the job .
 We bought a $ 3K GE Cafe professional drop in stove in stainless steel - I was worried about keeping the burners clean since our last stove was a nightmare to clean . The stove came with a 2 oz trial size Cerama Bryte cleaner , which was amazing ! Even being careful , I am still not used to the high boil burners on this stove and had boiled potatoes spill over , and some really nasty BBQ sauce from a boiled chicken dish -- really looked nasty , burnt on greasy , and no hope of cleaning . I waited until the cooktop cooled off , applied a little of the cleaner and scrubbed gently with a wet paper towel - gone , clean , good as new ! I still ca n't believe how good this stuff works and how good my new stove looks . I 'm ordering a large bottle but keeping my 2 oz size to keep near the stove for cleaning . If you have a stainless cooktop , you have to try this -- it 's amazing !
 Just what I ordered . Excellent service and good delivery at a reasonable price . Thanks
 I wear this wrap when ever I am doing yard work or house cleaning it prevents me from overextending the thumb which creates the pain for me.When the joint is acting up I put the wrap on and the thumb receives rest and heat The wrap wahes up nice too .
 This is a good product that offers light support for strained wrists/thumbs but maintains flexibility . My daughter uses it for basketball and needs something lightweight to offer support but allow movement . Fits somewhat large so if you are on the border of the sizes , go down a size rather than up .
 Works wonderfully , is reasonably priced and easy to use . My only negative would be that you have to take it off to shower or do dishes , anything that would get it wet as it would take forever to dry .
 I bought the Glade Holiday Apple Cinnamon Value Pack in a lightning deal . Once I got it , it smelled so great and I liked the package so much I ordered more for holiday presents . The three products are good quality and the cinnamon essence makes your house -LRB- or office -RRB- smell marvelous . I purchased for home , work and friends.This was a great deal & the shipping was fantastic as usual .
 This bad boy is great for anal use it is just a little too wide 2in took some getting use to but felt so good when you did .
 Great product for having fun with sex partners . Very flexible and long enough to experiemnet in various sexual positions . Great for lesbians as well . A great swingers item in my neck of the woods . Recommend buy !
 This cover looks great , it 's soft and fits nicely , even after washing . -LRB- I have a Simmons changing pad . -RRB- My only suggestion is to buy or register for atleast THREE . I 'm a first time mom , and did n't realize how quickly it gets dirty ! I hope this helps !
 I like that the pads fit closely . I was not terribly concerned about `` smushing '' the corners of my contoured changing pad . If it were any larger would bother me if it slid around . I think a tight fit is safer -LRB- a wiggly baby ca n't losen it at all . -RRB- I love mine and bought them as shower gifts for friends too !
 The blue cover is great , not quick to show spit up stains . I never had a problem about it shrinking after a wash just follow the washing instructions and no shrinking .
 I have two of these covers and would actually like one more ! They are so soft and comfy to lay your baby on . I have more than one because it makes it easier when one is dirty and in the laundry you can use the spare ! They come in many colors to match your baby room decor . You will love them !
 We have three of these and they have worked well for us -LRB- for 7 months now -RRB- . In the wash , the lavender one has faded to a pink and the blue one faded to white ; the pink one still looks pink . They did shrink a bit , but they still fit over the Simmons changing pad just fine .
 We recently bought this pad for our changing table in the blue color . It 's very soft and fits well with our pad , which was made by another company . Another viewer was right about the lack of slits to pull the straps through to hold the baby . However , our son is n't extremely squirmy so we do n't use the straps anyways . He hates it more if we use them and he 's more still if we do n't . Overall , we like this cover , especially for it 's cost .
 I admit that while it wasnt a necessity , Ive enjoyed having this cover . When accidents happen , it completely soaks everything up and doesnt puddle onto my changing pad -LRB- I still do clean it though -RRB- . It hasnt fallen apart in my washer and Ive already washed it many , many times . Baby likes that he doesnt have to be laid on a cold pastic-y surface when its time for a diaper change .
 We love our pad cover , and we 're not having any of the issues others are having ... it fits nicely on the Simmons contoured changing pad and does n't pull up on the corners . I wash mine in cold water and dry on medium , have n't seen any ripping , loose threads , or anything . I 'd definitely buy another one . Maybe I just got a good one , or maybe Simmons is making them better now ?
 I bought two of these terry changing pad covers when my first child was born . We now have a second child , and the covers are still holding up nicely . They wash and dry very well with any load of clothes . There seems to be no pilling to or from other garments . The colors do fade , but no more than what is expected . Best of all , stains wash out well with a stain remover -LRB- just like a towel -RRB- . For all of the stains I could not get out of my children 's clothing and bibs , it 's nice to know their changing pad covers always look clean .
 My son is now 12 months old , and we have had this item since he was born and love it . We have two covers in different colors , and this works perfect . When one is in the wash , the other is on . I have n't had any problems with shrinking in the wash , and I do n't really understand the need for the slots either as the straps come up under the cover . The only issue I have seen is that both covers did get some pulls early on . No big deal , though . Sometimes I turn them inside out and use them that way . The pulls happened really early on and have n't gotten any worse . I love these covers and would highly recommend them to anyone !
 I have n't experienced any problems like the other customers . I 've been using 2 light blue covers now for 21 months and they 've have n't shrunk and still look the same . They 're not as soft and fluffy as they were brand new but that 's to be expected . I 've never had a problem with the straps since they are underneath the pad and wrap up and around . I have the Simmons changing pad so maybe that 's the difference ? I like how they have a large color selection making it easier to cordinate with your nursery colors .
 I was hesitant to register for these covers because of some of the negative reviews I read ... However , my son is now 3 months old and we love the covers that we use ! Some common complaints I have read mention shrinking , poor fabric quality , and staining easily ; our experience has been quite different : - Shrinking is minimal -LRB- I generally wash in hot water because I 'm getting poopy out , too -RRB- - Any shrinking that does occur does not prevent the cover from fitting , only makes it more snug -LRB- which I like -RRB- - Stains come out very easily with Dreft stain remover or Shout -LRB- neither alters the cover coloring either -RRB- - Of my four covers , two have loose threads from excessive washing -LRB- still in great shape-I consider the fabric quality excellent , especially considering the amount of washings these go through in the first few weeks ! -RRB- - One thing to consider
 This cover is actually light blue -- not lavender . I registered for this cover because I wanted light blue . When it was added to my registry , it came up as lavender . I went back to Babies R US to confirm that the SKU number matched the light blue cover and it did . For some reason , there must be a glitch in the online system because even the description of this cover says it is made out of blue terry cloth . In any event , I got the light blue one as I had wanted . Just wanted to post this so everyone knew what color they were getting !
 washes well . I even put a receiving blanket down on top of it so I do n't have to wash it as often . I recommend buying at least 3 . I have a 3 month old and I have 2 of the products and wished I had more .
 We have two of these -LRB- I recommend at LEAST two ! -RRB- in yellow and light blue . Both have been pooped on -LRB- you ca n't even imagine ! -RRB- and peed on ... all stains washed right out with no pre treatment . Only once did I pretreat the yellow cover . Both wash up soft and cozy.We have been using our covers for double duty ... our son has a reflux issue and needs to sleep sitting up for at least 30-45 min after a feeding . I cover our car seat with one of the covers -LRB- it wraps around the edges and clings to the outside of the seat -RRB- and it makes it a cozier place for him to rest before being placed in his crib . With that said , NEVER leave the cover on while using the car seat in the car or as a safety seat !!!
 This product is great ! I received this as a shower gift to go along with my Simmons contoured changing pad . Its soft and washes well . Changing pad covers are must haves , and this one is truly great ! We registered for three , in different colors , and all the colors are beautiful . I highly recommend these pad covers , and the Simmons changing pad as well !
 I really like these covers . I have 2 of them , although I could probably use a third as they are easy to get dirty -LRB- as is anything on a changing table -RRB- . Mine fit perfectly on the Simmons pad they are meant for and feel soft and nice , even after repeated washings . I am very pleased with this product , it makes the changing pad much more attractive than just the plain white pad .
 I was really surprised when I read some of the other reviews . My son is 16 months old and I 've been using these covers since he was about 6 months old . I have three of them , all have been washed and dried more times than I can count and I 've never had any problem with shrinkage or fading at all . I will agree that they snag easily , and my rings are always catching the terry , but I think it 's fantastic !
 I just got my support stockings yesterday . I have worn Jobst for years . Their the best support stockings period . I actually started getting varicosities when I was fifteen . Both sides of my family had vein problems . I never had surgery . I rely on these stockings for keeping the swelling down and making life a little more bearable . I highly recommend Jobst ultrasheer . These stockings are not inexpensive , Their the work horse of support stockings.These stockings are also attractive look good on your legs . I bought a cheaper pair of Jobst the econo line . There not econo there is no support . I waisted money buying them , I love the ultrasheer stockings . I have ordered two more pair.I received my stockings within three days from E Medical Supplies . They have great customer service if you have any questions you can E-mail them , they respond quickly . E Medical supplies ships fast !!!! THANKS !!! E Medical Supplies has good prices for Jobst ultrasheer .
 A couple years ago -LRB- 48yr old male -RRB- I had enlarged prostate and restricted urine flow . I have been successful at staying away from prescription medication and had no desire to change that so I tried this . This worked IMMEDIATELY and my urine function went back to normal THAT SAME DAY . I love natural cures but this stuff works far better than I expected . For a while I took it every day . Now I rarely need it .
 The taste is amazing . The powder actually has black tea leaves listed as an ingredient . No blender needed . Just use a `` Blender Bottle '' , the powder mixes easily and foams a little too . I highly suggest you try it if you 're tired of the typical flavors of whey protein .
 I liked this product . I was tired of chocolate and vanilla shakes so this was a welcome change . I do recommend using a hand mixer though .
 I have keloids from ear to ear on my face and several on my chest . I have been using these for the past two weeks . Since I work full time , I only use these during bedtime and wear all night . The first week was rocky because as mentioned they kept rolling up and falling off . But my new approach is to focus on one area at a time . I decided to just work on applying them to my face to get those keloids under control . I have very oily skin so the fix was to wash my face with an oil free solution . I use Purpose which helps keep my skin acne and oil free . I would n't recommend this soap for normal to dry skin because it really strips all the oil from your face and body . After washing my face , I apply the patches directly to my face and I notice that it bonds tighter to the skin and stays on through the night . I actually change them out every 3 days as recommended in the directions and I save the plastic disks that you peel off and reapply those to the adhesive strips to keep them clean and dust free . This seems to be working . And I 've noticed remarkable results on my keloids . They are smoother , more uniformed in appearance and seem to be strinking in size . I will keep you updated if this works for the keloids on my chest .
 So I had surgery right in between my eyes , literally . I had a cyst about the size of a dime in diameter and about a quarter of inch outward from my face - yes I know , it was embarrassing . My dermatologist removed the cyst and stitched me up just fine . After about a week after surgery I had my stitches removed and AHHHH I was completely embarrassed because scar tissue surrounded the incision mark and was noticeably raised from my face . When I say noticeably I mean the scar tissue looked like I had formed another cyst . So I tried Mederma for about a week with no success of lessening the scar tissue or any noticeable affects really . Then I tried Neosporin Scar Solution sheets overnight one night - and I was very skeptical of a sheet doing any sort of healing . But to my surprise , I woke up the next morning and my scar tissue was down drastically . It probably shrunk a quarter of the size to half the size and the color began to look normal with the rest of my skin.It 's been about a week now since I 've been using the sheets at night -LRB- for about 8-12 hours a night -RRB- and I can honestly say that my scar is healing to the point where people never knew I had surgery , let a lone a cyst , at all . The scar is still there , do n't get me wrong , but the scar tissue is nearly flat -LRB- which was my main concern -RRB- ... and it 's only been a week.Now keep in mind that this is a new scar and it was not very large . I 'm sure with older scars and larger scars that the amount of sheet wearing time would be much longer to see any significant improvements -LRB- as mentioned on the box -RRB- . As far as the sheets sticking , which seems to be people 's major drawback so far with these sheets , I ca n't really comment too much given that I have been changing out my sheet on my face nightly . The sheet definitely sticks on my face the entire night , even while I sleep , without falling off . But I 'm only using a small portion of each sheet to cover my scar so the results may be different if you are using a whole sheet and wearing it for a longer period of time.All in all , I ca n't believe this product works . But it does work . Be patient .
 I 've been using this product for three weeks and I am already seeing an improvement in my hypertrophic scars from open-heart surgery almost a year ago . Since the silicone pads are used on a relatively smooth part of the body , I have n't experienced any of the problems mentioned about the sheets not sticking , and I use each for four days . My scars are very red , very raised , and clothing would really irritate them , but Scar Solution is helping . I 'll wait until the 12 weeks is up before I give it five stars , but for now , I 'm very pleased .
 My surgeon recommended this product when he noticed that I 'd developed a keloid scar after knee surgery . After just a month of use , the scar has completely flattened , and some of the disoloration has gone . My husband and I are both amazed at how well this product has worked . Regarding their stickiness , they have fallen off when sleeping or exercising . Otherwise , they stay on just fine for me throughout the day .
 I bought these at the grocery store and I guess they were n't selling well because they expired about two months later . I 'm not sure if they were less effective being after the expiration date , but I still used them and saw some improvement . I have a keyloid on my shoulder that 's been there for years , so seeing any improvement was a pleasant surprise.I 've read some of the reviews that indicate a problem with sticking and I would have to disagree . If I was sweating during a workout or yard work or something , I did n't bother putting one on . I could however sleep with it on and washing it helped to keep it sticky , which really surprised me.All-in-all , it 's a product with a few flaws , but nothing too terrible . It 's biggest drawback in my opinion is the inability to stay on in some cases , but it works for me overall since I 'd plan ahead on using it , so no big deal . I 'll be buying another box in the hopes that it does n't expire too soon and will be more effective . Hope this review helps .
 I have a keloid from surgery , and 11 mos after surgery started using this product . I had to figure it out myself to use this product as the surgeon did not know what to do about keloids as most of the rest of the medical profession . I was tired of my keloid bothering me , so I researched this online and found out about Mederma and this product . Mederma did nothing for me . But using this product for almost 2 months , my scar is 50 % reduced in size , less red and less painful . It will likely take more than the 3 mos suggested on the box to get the maximum benefit , but I will take it .
 This product was recommended to me by my OB after my second c-section . I could n't believe it works as well as it does ! I started noticing improvements after only a week , although you need to wear the sheets for 8-12 weeks in order to see the best results . My scar is no longer bumpy and red ; instead it is smoother and more skin-colored . Like I mentioned , this was my second c-section , and my scar looks better NOW -LRB- 12 weeks postpartum -RRB- than it did years after my first c-section . I am amazed!I never really had a problem with the sheets sticking well like the previous comments , but that might be because of the placement of my scar . -LRB- I could wear underwear or yoga pants with an elastic band that would help hold the sheets in place . -RRB- I highly recommend this product . I never tried any other product , but I have heard that the silicone sheets work better than any cream out there .
 Heard about bee pollen from a friend when I told him I was at wits end when trying to remedy the hay fever I had for many years . Began taking it in January 2008 , and my symptoms have completely disappeared . This stuff is a natural wonder product for anyone looking to rid themselves of crippling hay fever and finally enjoy the outdoors again . Stop taking Benadryl and other weird chemical concoctions when nature has the perfect solution .
 After i had read the review of other people that used this product , i decided to give it a trial . I found out that it is very rich in vitamins . I have often had boil every now and then , I have n't seen any since i started taken it . I feel energized greatly !!
 Great product . Better than spending boatloads on the drinks with arginine . Same results and can take more often .
 these capsules do exactly what they promise to do and I got them at a reasonable price as well . thanks
 I bought this product instead of Vitamin Shoppe 's other L-Arginine which has ... I ca n't think of it right now , but another supplement with it . This is a great product that you can definitely notice an increase in strength and stamina in a matter of weeks . Plus coupled with the low-cost , makes this product a winner . Do n't spend a lot more money for Nitrix , etc. they all just contain the main active ingredient L-Arginine and are selling a flashy bottle .
 I was having breakthrough attacks of ulcerative colitis despite being on TNF inhibitors that nothing seemed to quel when I read an article about the beneficial effects of the curumin in turmeric . I took 2 pills a day and my attack abated within days . I 've since shared this with an associate that was also having breakthrough activity while on azathioprine and his attack was also diminished . I 've also shared my experience with a colleague of mine who 's a GI physician . He 's tried it on 3 ulcerative colitis patients that were pretty severe . All 3 were helped fairly quickly by the treatment . Be careful if you use turmeric to not get the kind that is mixed with piperazine . Piperazine is an irritant that is used to increase absorption . Ulcerative colitis patients do n't need either the extra irritation or the absorption , which would limit targeting of the herb to the colon .
 My son is taking the Tumeric root to prevent inflamation in his knees after suffering from bylateral tendinitis for a year.He has found that the Tumeric works much better than the extra strength Motrin prescribed by his doctor .
 The reason that everything was better back when everything was worse is that when everything was worse , it was actually possible for people to have experiences that were a pleasant surprise . Nowadays , the world we live in -- we affluent , industrialized citizens , with perfection the expectation -- the best you can ever hope for is that stuff is as good as you expect it to be . You will never be pleasantly surprised because your expectations , my expectations , have gone through the roof . The secret to happiness -- this is what you all came for -- the secret to happiness is low expectations .
 Studies show that turmeric may help fight infections and some cancers , reduce inflammation , and treat digestive problems . We have read about it and heard it mentioned on DR OZ show .
 I like the stockings . I was having trouble locally finding the stockings in the color and size that I wanted . These were my size , in my color and at a much cheaper price . They provided the help that I needed after knee surgery .
 these suppory hose are everything as described . My legs felt better and were less swollen after wearing them for 8 hours a day as a nurse . The only porblem is that because they do n't stretch out like normal pantyhose , they have a tendancy to creep down my legs . Like most pantyhose , the crotch wanted to be somewhere around my knees and insisted on taking my pant with them . Difficult to work like that . over all a good buy for the price .
 I have to wear heels and stand almost all day . Usually by the end of the day , my calves start to swell and hurt . Wearing the compression pantyhose definitely ease the pain and makes me last longer on heels.By the way , as a precaution , the color is a bit tanner than the picture depicted . So if you have light color skin , make sure you pick the right color .
 I am not a big pantyhose wearer so wearing support hose is n't ideal for me . However , on the days that I force myself to wear these they definitely help alleviate swelling in my legs and generally make my legs feel better longer . I bought the 8-15mm hose and you can feel the compression , but it is not uncomfortable . I do not recommend these in hot climates because they up your body temp , which makes them great in cold weather .
 I was a Futuro customer for many years , but Jobst offers a better color choice for me
 Mom broke her hip 3 years ago and she asked me to get her some support hose so I went on line and she really likes these .
 The nylons are less fine than some support stockings out there , so they are n't to be worn with dresses . However , they do last longer and are more comfortable than some of the other brands . The maternity panel is comfortable . Jobst thigh highs last longer , but the sticky band can give you a rash . Over all , was fairly pleased with these .
 Love the way these fit ... perfect for use after vein treatment once you can use the lower compression ... good price ! I have recommended these to other patients and friends
 I was looking for Jobst UltraSheer panty hose at a good price . I found them easily on Amazon . I ordered the hose and received them in just a few days . The hose was just what I wanted .
 Makes you very healthy and strong . Healing , calming , works fast . Put it on your gums to heal them . Take it daily .
 I have been taking these vitamins for a long time now and about a month ago ran out , so I went to the health store to buy some but they were out of them , so I tried another multi , what a mistake . I did n't feel like I had very much energy and also felt out of sorts . Now I will never run out of these again . they are the best .
 My boyfriend loves these vitamins - he had tried many other ones in the past ; however , he continues purchasing Nature 's Plus . He always regrets when he forgets to take one . These vitamins boost his energy level and helped him fight frequent migranes . Do not let the price draw you away to cheaper but lower quality products . We highly recommend this product .
 When taking this multivitamin , it eased the tension in my neck and shoulders immediately . I did n't think I would feel the difference this quickly . I will definitely continue taking them to see even more significant difference .
 This vitamin has a good balance of ingredients and seems to be a quality product . I buy it for my son , because he does n't eat vegetables and I need something with more than just the standard list of supplements .
 The product is excellent and the order was handled swiftly . Amazon and the companies they distribute from carry top quality products at good prices .
 I have been using those vitamins for over two years . The fact they do not over load them with vitamin A is a huge plus . As i consume large amount of meet products i do not need to overdose on vitamin A . The pills are quite big with greenish color . It is recommend to take them with some fat -LRB- i do with fish oil and oregano oil -RRB- . This will help some of the vitamins absorb better . Overall its a high quality product .
 Absolutely the best multivitamin I have tired . January 2012 will be my 2nd year that I have been taking them . I have energy all day long from morning when I take these with my breakfast until bed time . I no longer have coffee dependency due to this much healthier alternative .
 I feel a definite improvement in my overall energy level when I regularly take these vitamins . I would highly recommend them .
 I have taken `` SOURCE OF LIFE '' vitamins for I ca n't remember how long . . They make me feel great all day long . The only thing I do n't like is the price increases . Thank God for Amazon.com . I was all set to re-order from another company and they wanted $ -LSB- ... -RSB- which is $ -LSB- ... -RSB- more than my previous order ... I decided to shop and wow ! what a difference . Thank You AMAZON ! $ -LSB- ... -RSB- Each w / free shipping . I decided to order two . Keep up the good work AMAZON.SEARAY-TROY HILL , PITTSBURGH , PA. .
 Had been giving my son Animal Parade Vitamins by Nature 's Plus for a few years and he seems much healthier . I 've been trying to find a good vitamin for years and decided to try the Nature 's Plus Source of Life . Have been very happy with them in comparison to other vitamins and will continue to use them . Shipping was very fast .
 As a vegetarian I really need a vitamin with iron and also want good , solid dosages of vitamin C and other essentials . It 's so refreshing to find a daily vitamin that not only has all the basics but that also includes whole food supplements -- and for a decent price . Many other comparable vitamins are either overpriced or skimp on valued ingredients . The instant I came across this brand I felt that I found what I needed , and after taking them for two months I have n't been disappointed .
 I have an autoimmune disease , Systemic Lupus . People come out of the woodwork with all their miracles cures . I have had this awful disease for 22 years and have spent many long days in the hospital . I happened upon these vitamins along with a powdered drink that I mix with orange juice . Within a week , I actually began to feel stronger . Just being able to get out of bed a couple days a week was a huge improvement . I have problems eating food but tolerate those products quite well . I was at the point of completely giving up . I know it sounds melodramatic but these supplements -LRB- my major food source -RRB- helped me little by little to improve . Sometimes I have to sort of choke down drink but I just thnk , this is like medicine , if I want to have any good days I have to get this down . If this can help someone who has almost lived on chemotherapy then it must do truly amazing things for those in better health . Give it a try ... it just may be the thing that helps provide you with a better quality of life . Good luck and may this product bless you as it did me .
 I have taken these and the Source of Life prenatal vitamins for a couple of years now .1 . No stomach upset ever , I always take these with food regardless but regular vitamins would always make me nauseous .2 . Since I started taking these my resistance to colds and other bothersome bugs have gone way way up . I have only had one single cold in 2 years and that despite people around me coming to work with various sneezy/snotty/coughy / pukey varieties.I do n't know if I really notice an energy difference between taking and not taking them but they certainly keep my immune system in tip top shape!If anyone is worried about cost , I 'd suggest looking at what else you spend money on that is n't good for your health . Cut it out and divert the funds to buying these - your body will thank you !
 I had been taking Megafood supplements for a while and the price of those is outrageous -LRB- can be twice the price of these , depending where you get them -RRB- . These multis do not cause stomach upset or burping of any kind and they are just packed with nutrients and vitamins . Best of all , because these are whole food supplements , they are more readily absorbed and used by the body and you can also take them on an empty stomach -- again -- with no upset.I also love that these have spirulina and bee pollen in them !
 I have been taking Source of Life for decades now . It 's better to get your vitamins from a liquid source , but as I 'm traveling , I purchased these thru Amazon . They are giant horse tablets , but they contain a wide variety of vitamins , minerals , herbs and other nutrients . And it 's true , if you take 3 at once -LRB- ideally with some food to help dissolve them -RRB- , you do get a small burst of energy .
 I have been working out for 30 years i have taken just about all vits out there this is the only one i know when and when im not taking it ...
 I have taken these vitamins since 1999 . They are the best I 've ever found . And they boost your energy level . For about six months I quit taking them because I felt they were causing me stomach problems . It turns out that I had an ulcer . During the time I did n't take the vitamins I did n't have as much energy as usual . Once I found out my problem was an ulcer I started taking the vitamins again , and within a couple of weeks , my energy returned.The vitamins were recommended to me by a nutritionist and I must say it was one of the best recommendations I 've ever had !
 I purchased these recently , and I am very happy with the taste and quality of these vitamins . I feel better , whenever I take them in the mornings . These are high quality whole food vitamins . I had always bought them at my local health food store , but I saw them on Amazon.com and decided to order them to see if there was a difference . They are exactly like the health store ones , except for being a whole lot cheaper in price than what I was charged at the health food store . I will be ordering these from now on and save money .
 These vitamins really give me a boost of energy and I can tell a difference if I miss taking them for a day or two . I have also noticed an improvement in my skin and hair . These vitamins are so much better than the Centrum type of daily vitamins because they really do work , they supply more than just the 100 % of RDA and they include a guarantee on their products . I highly recommend these !
 I do n't understand why the vitamins without iron are more expensive than those with iron . As older consumers we prefer the product without iron but purchased the less expensive one .
 I was turned on to this vitimans by a friend and i absolutely love them !!!
 I have been using this multivitamin for 5 years and it is worth the money !
 When I first took the samples of this vitamin given by my nutritionest I felt really energized and good . . then after buying my own and taking it for over a year , I noticed Its just not that good as it use to be . strange thing I noticed , there is no clear plastic seal wrapping for tamper proof on the bottle I purchased from shops or through internet and the opening thats suppose to have the black lettered `` Quality seal for your protection '' with a seal holding up a ball symbol is on most of all of Nature 's Plus tablet vitamins except for the Multi-Vitamin and Mineral for adult and kids and few more . The seal is replaced by red lettered `` Sealed for your protection '' wich is found in many other vitamins that are not by Natur 's Plus . This is very bothersome . I emailed the company and left phone messages about this and have not gotten a response . Should we have to worry about our good multivitamin being tampered with ?
 I was looking for a whole food type vitamin but everything on the shelves in my town was terribly expensive , you did n't get but a month 's supply , not enough vegetables incorporated , etc. etc. . This was a GOOD buy overall , was shipped out immediately , completes my daily needs .
 I was originally taking the liquid because I ca n't swallow large pills ... I was very hesitant to take these , as vitamins usually make me sick to my stomach . I have started blending these up in my vitamix with my morning green smoothies . I ca n't really taste that they are there , and I get all my vitamins at once . Very satisfied .
 I am an atlete , as an atlete the hours of training let me sometimes down and eating constantly , with this multivitamin I feel very good all time .
 By far the best Whole Foods for vitamins product Ive bought in a long time ! Quality vs price is great ! Thank you for such a great product !
 I agree with all amazing reviews about this product . Mind you , I buy them -LRB- bottle of 180 tablets -RRB- for 120 up to 150 dollars in Europe . And I am not rich at all . This says it all .
 used the vitamin forever . meds make me allergic to some fruits and veggies . it provides me with high energy and is a great supplement for whole foods . they do n't make you hungry . when i first took them , they gave me such energy , i was shocked . you 'll be pleased .
 I have been taking these vitamins for about 20 years . Several times I have tried others in an attempt to save money , but I always come back . They are pretty much the only ones I can take that do n't give me nasty vitamin burps . They give me a huge amount of energy . I guess I will keep taking them unless I find something better but so far , I have n't found anything even close . I can definitely feel the difference when I stop taking them . Amazon offers them from several sellers , be sure you get them direct from Amazon -LRB- in spite of the fact that they may be a dollar or 2 more sometimes , the prices fluctuate -RRB- . Once I ordered from a non-amazon source and they were extremely aged -LRB- the pills should be shiny , dark green , and tightly compacted . If they 're dull , medium green and the outside coating is slightly flaky , they 're old -RRB- .
 I come from a family who sells Shaklee vitamins . I 'm not trying to bash Shaklee , but I never could take their vitamins because they ALWAYS upset my stomach . I ca n't even take children 's chewable vitamins without them upsetting my stomach.My energy for the past year or two has been just horrible . I 'm lethargic and I 've gained probably 20 + pounds because I ca n't stay awake past 9pm and I have no energy to do anything.I searched online for something to take and I 've tried all kinds of supplements . Too many to list here , but I 've spent TONS of money and thrown most of the bottles away after using only a week or two.Until now . Nature 's Plus
 These are the best Multi-vitamins that I have ever tried . The vitamins are the highest quality and more importantly , the minerals are `` chelated '' , which has stopped my allergy symptoms for more than 5 years now.DaveBSan Jose
 I have six children and had been feeling extremely fatigued -LRB- like I could hardly move -RRB- . I had been taking a general multi-vitamin from a local warehouse store . I started taking the Nature 's Plus Source of Life , and I felt so much better . My energy level has increased dramatically , and I just feel good . Great quality product .
 I have been using Nature 's Plus Source of Life tablets for 22 years . They are the finest vitamin supplement I 've ever found - and I have done extensive research to find the right vitamin . I studied Nutrition at the University of California , Irvine in the premed department when I was doing my post-graduate work . And , I 've done independent studies beyond that.As one reviewer had said , the chelated minerals in Source Of Life make a big difference . And that is SO TRUE . Most vitamin manufacturers use sulfated minerals because the processing is CHEAPER . Sulfates are harmful to the body . The proper and safe way to extract minerals is by chelation , which is what Nature 's Plus does in all their products.I personally know the effects of taking sulfated versus chelated minerals . I have a severe allergy to sulfates . Many years ago , I used to take other brands of vitamins , and doctors used to prescribe prenatal vitamins to me . Just about all that I had tried had ferrous sulfate . Taking the vitamins CAUSED fatigue in me . I was dragging around , lethargic all the time . I had once been prescribed a B-Complex by a doctor who said my iron count was very low . B-Complex is necessary in being able to absorb iron . A month later , I returned to the doctor and he checked my iron count again . He said , `` it looks like the iron shot I gave you worked . '' I said , `` you did n't give me an iron shot . '' He was shocked . The only thing I did different was to take the B-Complex and my iron count went up . Taking vitamins with IRON SULFATE can cause the iron count to DROP because the sulfates block the catabolism of iron . Chelated iron is easily assimilated by the body.My daughter had been suffering for years from fatigue , depression , low iron count . Doctors began go give her shots of iron . She loved to donate blood , but in the last 3 years her iron count was too low for her to safely donate . I kept telling her for years to try Nature 's Plus Source of Life but she never would . Finally , she started taking them !!! Her iron count went back to normal in 2 months . She was no longer fatigued or depressed . She felt so good that she is now handling 2 jobs - one at the hospital ER and one in a doctor 's office - and she started back to college to become a Physician Assistant.These vitamins make a world of difference in everyone I know who takes them . My daughter is recommending them to patients - AND TO THE DOCTORS at the hospital!They really give one a new lease on life .
 I have always had depression and even lethargy . For years I was just resigned to live with the depression and make the best of it . I had taken anti-depressants in the past and I knew I did n't want to take them indefinitely . I stopped taking them years ago and just `` dealt '' w/depression the best I could using my own will and determination . I started taking these vitamins two months ago and I no longer have the depression and I have twice the energy ! Now I look forward to my work outs ! I do n't wake up tired or depressed . Its really been remarkable the change I feel with these supplements . I have bought other supplements in the past and they did NOTHING for me , so naturally I was n't expecting these to really work . Perhaps my depression was a vitamin or mineral deficiency all along as I suspected , doctors always told me it was chemical . These are great quality , I can take them on an empty stomach with no problem . And to think I just bought these vitamins on a whim and now I am a customer for life .
 I recommend this product to anyone wanting a healthy multivitamin with a great boost of energy . When not taking these for a day I truly feel the effects and ca n't wait to get them into my system . Ditch the Centrum , One-a-Day etc. with useless fillers and get a real multivitamin .
 Length :
 At the age of 68 I need all the help I can get to feel like doing the things I love to do . Source of life , does just that , its a natural way to help your body get all the things nature intended you to eat that food processing takes out . My husband and I have given up other things to be able to afford this product . We can feel the difference in our pep and feeling of well being when we take Source Of Life . We are definitely healthier . It is very rare if either of us catch a cold . Our resistance to picking up bugs out in public , on airplanes , and menus has made us much healthier . We will be life long users of this product.Cordially , Mrs Beads A Lot
 For a while now I have been searching for a good multivitamin that was n't comprised of synthetic laboratory chemicals . Then I stumbled across this . I ca n't say how good it feels to have a vitamin made up of wholefoods that covers such a wide range of nutrients . It even has Spirulina in it !!! Some people say they smell , I did n't really think this was an issue as you only have to smell them for about a second and it is n't like you can taste them after . My only problem is they 're HUGE and can cause discomfort if they do n't go down straight ... Plus if you want to take the daily dose you need to take 3 . I bought these because I was starting to develop small skin rashes on one of my legs and on the back of my neck . After reading and reading I was able to find out that it was most likely due to a vitamin deficiency . I 've been taking these every day , for about a week now , and my problem is slowly starting to clear up.I take about 2 per day , as I am cautiously trying to see if my body can handle 100 % DV of Iron . I know some people can experience irregularity with this . . Plus this way the bottle will last for 90 days as oppose to 60 = DRegardless , a good buy . These vitamins also do n't upset my stomach like conventional ones you buy at Wal Mart .
 These are the BEST multi-vitamins that $ can buy ! Just quit taking them for a few days to remind yourself how you felt before discovering these amazing vitamins ! Lots of people ask `` How do you have so much energy !? '' or `` man , you 're like the energizer bunny ! '' etc. . These vitamins with their `` whole-food concentrates '' are the key to doing more with less and feeling at the top of your game no matter what your schedule is . Since Im 6 foot 5 inches , and about 250 , I found that taking 2 in morning and 2 at night right at bedtime works the best for my body size , etc , everyone is different , as self-employed small business owners we 're going 12-17 hrs a day and 6-7 days a week , could n't keep up without the amazing formula in these vitamins ! You will be so happy to discover these !
 I 've been taking these for years now . I find them to be very easy on the stomach , and , from what I can tell , effective . The natural food store that I used to get these from recently went out of business . Turned to Amazon and was able to find them for about $ 11 less per bottle . I know some people have complained about getting expired products , but mine show an expiration date 4 years in the future .
 It 's good vitamin I drink one a day .3 a day is what 's recommended ... . U piss green after taking this vitamin might mean to much vitamin in the system
 i love the way these make you feel . such energy and no bad after taste . i have been using these for bout three years and would not trade them.thanks again
 I have never been able to take a multi vitamin before , because of getting sick to my stomach . These are great , and do n't feel I have to take a lot of other minerals or vitamins when I take these . They also give me energy which I never noticed in anything else I took .
 This product is great . It gives me energy and makes me feel good . I take one in the morning and one when I get home . The only reason I did n't rate this product 5 stars is because it tastes absolutely awful and the pill itself is enormous .
 I have tried many vitamins over the years -- including the big names like One-A-Day , Centrum , GNC vitamin packs -- and they all made me jittery and made me feel like I wanted to crawl out of my skin . After doing some research and talking to my doctor , I learned that some people have an adverse reaction to the fillers they use in vitamins.I bought Nature 's Plus-Source of Life for the first time in January 2011 , a month after I started a new intense exercise plan that left me very tired/drained . These vitamins did the trick ! After a few days of taking them , I felt a renewed energy and have NO adverse side affects !! I started out taking two a day and when I had no side affects , I increased it to three a day , which I still take . I used to get sick all the time with whatever ailment was going around . Since I started taking these , I 've rarely gotten sick.A little more expensive than the big brands you can buy at Target/Walmart , but WELL worth it !
 I 've tried a lot of multi-vitamins . Either they do n't have much effect or they bother my stomach or whatever . These are the best I 've ever tried . I work in a very stressful environment , and these help me make it through the long day .
 I ordered this last month & I am not disappointed . In fact , this is the only product that came in on time . 1 day shipping & they even called me to confirm my purchase . Lovely , very please with my newfound energy . I started taking them immediately & it took my body about 4 days to adjust . Results may vary but this was what I needed . Thank you for providing such an awesome multi ! Will purchase before I run out .
 This is the best vitamins i have ever used.Works in a very short time for me
 This bad boy is great for anal use it is just a little too wide 2in took some getting use to but felt so good when you did .
 Great product for having fun with sex partners . Very flexible and long enough to experiemnet in various sexual positions . Great for lesbians as well . A great swingers item in my neck of the woods . Recommend buy !
 Bought it for my mom who really benefited from the classic Ben-Gay
 These disposable changing pads are indispensible . We have used them for almost a year now and find them to have many uses . They are great for changing diapers away from home and at home are ideal for changing messy diapers because the entire package can be wrapped up and disposed of easily . Although they are a bit expensive , we have found them to be worth it because they are so sanitary .
 We used to get another brand at Target , but they stopped carrying the 24 pack and it is not worth the price for the 10 pack , which is larger sheets . If you are in diapers , keep these in your diaper bags - if you have any leakage pees during changes , then these protect your diaper bag pad and you can toss them away with the dirty diaper.I also use these on top of our changing table , which helps protect the fabric on our changing pad for the messy diaper changes . Another tip I found helpful for messy diaper changes - get 2 table pads and keep the second one under the changing table . If you have a midnight messy change - you will have a fresh changing pad ready for the next change and you can do the laundry and change the cover when you are awake.We are finally out of diapers , but these sheets really helped keep the messes and cleanup easier for us . I hope this review helps someone else get through the diaper years with a little less work/cleanup .
 We used these with our daughter who tended to pee every diaper change . The pads contained the pee and never leaked onto the pad cover . How Nice ! We also used them as insurance in the car seat on long trips . Well worth the money !
 Best idea yet , it was Awesome this was the best gift my sister said for a newborn baby . Great gift to give .
 I bought these to protect the floor area in front of the litter pans . I tuck them under the front of the pans slightly for those times when the kitty may be facing the `` wrong '' direction . They work GREAT !!
 I like to keep a few of these with me for changing in public places or changing an extra dirty diaper . Just the right size , and leakproof .
 I was not sure what to expect when I ordered these , because they were a LOT cheaper than other disposable changing pads , but I am not disappointed . They do the job . I was sick of washing my cloth -LRB- although waterproof -RRB- changing pad several times a week , and my newborn daughter even went through a `` phase '' of peeing on the changing table -LRB- once her diaper was off -RRB- during several changes a day . I would not have been able to have washed the cloth changing pad that many times ! These are very thin , but absorbent . They always have done the trick for us , soaking up the pee so that none dripped to the cloth changing pad underneath . WONDERFUL !
 This was the best purchase !! These work great and have saved our changing pad from being stained !!! They are just like the paper they put under your chin at the dentist office - and they work great !!! We use each one a few times - unless it gets dirty on the first use - then just toss it . Great to have in the diaper bag as well - do n't feel so bad using the changers in the bathroom with these !!!
 Excellent pads , they absorb very well . I never had to worry when little accidents happened . I would recommend .
 My daughter had twin boys.Wouldn ' t know what to do without these pads.They hold everything no leakage .
 This is a wonderful must haves if you have baby at home who is not yet potty trained ... Great Product ...
 This product has been an absolute lifesaver ... I have never seen such a thin sheet of paper absorb so much of EVERYTHING ! My daughter frequently chooses to pee as soon as her diaper is off , and these pads have saved me again and again from having to wash her changing pad cover . I use them under her when she naps in places other than her crib . Ca n't say enough great things about this product !
 I love these and will be buying more . I like that is made of tissue paper and nothing plastic . They absorb pretty well -- I admit that when my son decides to pee in the middle of a diaper change the sheet does get wet very fast , but 95 % of the time it does n't leak into my changing pad sheet . I usually throw away the wet peewee pad right away so it does n't have time to leak anyway . These really are a lifesaver and save me from excess washing of the changing pad cover . I only wish that Amazon sold the 108 ct instead of just the 36 ct pack .
 I 've been using Tiger Balm for many , many years . It 's just the thing for sore muscles , and it feels quite comforting if you have a cold or the flu . Very good !
 I have fms for almost ten years and tried a lot of products . But none of them worked this good before . I am very satisfied with the product and recommend it to everyone who has pain all over .
 This is a great idea for thermometers . I like it a whole bunch better than having to use a rectal thermometer . I just hate having to do that . This thermometers takes the same amount of time to use and is not as accurate , but a fever is a fever . The only problem I have with this is that sometimes she does n't want to suck on the pacifier . She is breastfed and is n't always cooperative with bottle nipples and pacifiers . She will eventually take it though . Fortunatley , her temperature has never been high enough for the lullaby feature to work.This is n't very expensive and I think it is a must have in any home with a baby . I have a collection of thermometers -LRB- two digital , one pacifier , and the ear one -RRB- , this is one of my favorites , second to the ear thermometer .
 If you 're going to buy this , be forewarned . The pediatricians will make you take a rectal temperature if you use this . They are n't convinced of its accuracy . Every time I have used it , however , it 's been accurate to within a degree . I use it to screen to see if I need to take a rectal temperature , for example if it 's over a hundred I usually take it rectally . I wish doctors would trust it , though
 The idea is a good one , however if your child is used to a different type of pacifier then chances are he/she will not take it . When speaking to other moms we all agree , it depends on your child . The product is inexpensive . I reccomend buying the product and trying it because if it works on your baby it is a lifesaver . My son was born 4 weeks early and his immune system was not great . He was sick very often in his first few months and this pacifier made things a little easier . For the money , it 's worth a try !
 This thermometer is great . Just give it to your baby like a regular pacifier . It will sound a tone when the temperature is taken , and shows it digitally on a lit display . If the baby has a fever , it will play a little lullaby rather than just sounding a tone . It also stores the last temperature taken . You can also be guaranteed an accurate temperature , unlike the ear thermometers -- and so much less expensive ! A best buy in my book .
 I have been buying this product for a couple of years . Great value , very dependable brand , and pink identifies the capsule in your pill box . I recommend this product if you are taking vitamin B12 .
 My daughter takes 20 of these a day to control her acne . It works amazingly well . She is much clearer than her dermatologist can get her , and she does n't have to take all those harmful antibiotics . BTW , there are zero side effects with vitamin B5 that we can see . She tried NOW brand for a couple of months , in my effort to drive down the cost , but she broke out terribly . I do n't know why , but Vitamin shoppe just has a higher quality vitamin .
 The price and quality really ca n't be beat . If you 're looking for this type of Vitamin B , I highly recommend going with the Vitamin Shoppe one . The upside is that the pills are in capsule form . I tried taking a 500 mg tablet and it was awful - it 's just too large to go down comfortably . Also , the capsule form will definitely help cut down on stomach irritation and digestion problems.I 've tried the GNC and Solaray brands as well and all three have been fairly identical except in price - the VS ones really are the best buy .
 Works well , and feels great , per the wife . Only reason it did n't get 5 stars is that it is prone to sliding around on the head of the vibrator , especially if lubed per the instructions . After washing the lube off , it was better , but still slid around some .
 This is the best razor I 've ever used . It is comfortable any way it 's held . It 's neither too light nor too heavy . The Persona blades start sharp and stay that way , sometimes for months . No , that 's not an exaggeration .
 These razors perform very well . I had been using Gillette Mach 3 blades which are quite good but expensive . I 've been using the Tri-flexxx blades for about a month and their performance matches the Mach 3 for half the price , and they seem to be lasting just as long ! No nicks or cuts . They 're surprisingly top notch .
 Does what it should ! Smells nice . Easy to clean . The only gripe I have is that the material is very ... clingy . It attracts dust/hair/particles really really easily.But nothing a bit of water wo n't wash right off and then you 're ready to go !
 I am actually not into the insertion thing all that much and much prefer using what comes natural , but alas , I have to satisfy my long term partner -LRB- two months now ... a record for me -RRB- and she enjoys using this toy . And let me tell you she does enjoy it ... ergo , I am giving it five stars . Were I to complain about it ... which I really am not , I would say that : I am built rather small down there and the girth of this thing is a bit difficult to handle especially in the early stages of love making . I most certainly need a lot of warm up time -LRB- which is a good thing I suppose as I do enjoy that phase of kicking it -RRB- , and I most certainly must use a goodly amount of lubricant with this ... again , especially in the beginning.It is rather sticky and must be cleaned immediately after use and stored in a nice clean place . To be honest , I rather like slipping a condom over the thing ... at least my end ... before use.But hey , she likes it and that is fine with me .
 This is a fun dildo ... my only complaint is the rubbery fruity smell it has ... it 's noticeable but not quite overpowering ... i love how long this is . I just wish it had a little more girth . I love how it feels while using it and it 's even better when you add a vibrator for clitoral excitement simultaneously ... thanks for another fun experience !
 This toy is exactly as described by the seller , and I have enjoyed this toy to the max . At first it seemed a bit large , but after using it a few times , it became my best friend , it has always delivered top notch pleasure .
 Was with a group of gifts for a Party . Hoped it served its purpose .
 These are well made and are at a great price . If you have circulation problems , Truform Thrapeutic compression stockings really do help with the swelling in your legs . Highly recommend wearing them .
 Received items promptly . Item exactly as described . I 've worn for about a month - works just as expected . Washes nice and holds compression . Thanks !
 These are really good . I own 3 pair . My only problem is I ruined my 1st pair after daily use for 5 months . I wore it everyday because it was the only one I had . It 's also not the softest pair but it breathes well . The main wear and tear are in the heel . .
 I prefer the Mojo Bar compared to other fruit nut bars out there because it 's not too sweet but it is a little bit sour with all the berrys . It does hit your hunger spot .
 I had almost given up on my fruitless search for a health bar without palm oil , but here it is -- the Mojo ! It 's yummy , mouth satisfying , and does the staving-off-starvation job ultra well . All this an no-corn-syrup , too ? Wow .
 I 've used Met-Rx for years , which some people love and some ca n't stand - but I like it . I 'm in Hong Kong for a little while now and have n't been able to find Met-Rx here . A guy at a local nutrition store recommended UniSyn instead . I was leary - there are so many bad nutritional products out there , both in quality and in taste . I had never heard of Unisyn before , but I gave it a try . I love it ! I was quite surprised when I first tasted it -LRB- I 've only tried Vanilla -RRB- - it definitely tastes better than Met-Rx -LRB- which I do n't think is bad -RRB- , and the fact that it has no Aspartame is great . I think I may have found my new MRP - as long as I can find it when I get back to NYC . Good to know Amazon has it ! Why only 4 stars ? No MRP is perfect yet , but this is probably the best I 've tried . Plus I have n't used it long enough to get a feel for how `` effective '' it is as part of my fitness program . No reason so far to think it 's not as high quality as they claim though .
 We have been using Spearmint flavored Halls Cough Drops for at least 20 years . We find this flavor to work best for us . This supplier is terrific , we will buy from him again !
 This is a great deal . I do n't know when I will run out of tampons . These are great tampons if you are n't one of those girls who needs a gimmick when it comes to tampons .
 Love love love the girth . Only a couple complaints
 this stuff is awesome . works great and does not wear off . You have to use soap and water to get this stuff off as it is water proof .
 I love this cologne so does my son and husband . My son has been hooked on this for the longest but his favorite is the lotion which they call skin smoother . It is clean and fresh . unfortunately it is getting harder and harder to find .
 For a product that is no longer in production , you get a large amount for the affordable price . It was an awesome product .
 This hand soap is exactly as it was described . It does not dry out my hands and is safe to use . I will recommend the product to those that prefer a natural form of liquid soap .
 I do n't have anything to compare it to since this is my first Ox Bile . I had my gallbladder taken out about 10 years ago and just started taking these . Wish I would have begun doing so 10 years ago .
 This product has assisted me since my gall bladder removal . I received this product quickly and it works well . Highly Recommended .
 I have truly enjoyed the product and has truly helped me to digest foods that are high in fat ! Thanks
 I use this to help me digest food as I had my gallbladder removed . This really does the trick . The price is very good !
 I was diagnosed with IBS many years ago . I suffered with horrible digestion issues , was always sick and weak and tired , and had skin problems . Through self research -LRB- traditional doctors were hopeless -RRB- and an excellent naturepath , I discovered my body needed digestive enzymes . Low HCL , pancreatic and gallbladder production . I have to take all three supplements with meals and I am now the healthiest I have been in all of my adult life . Word of caution to those who self research but do not take the time to get their digestive production tested
 My digestion is challenged due to a chronic illness . Oxbile helps me digest my food , especially fats.I notice when I run out . My ND recommended it and she was right . I used to take a lot of mylanta , etc. I changed my diet and take this stuff . No more indigestion .
 This 500mg dosage is what you want ! Our gallbladder can hold and release when needed about 50,000 mg of bile to emulsify the food we eat . Without all 50,000 mg dumping into the small bowel we inevitably gain weight , become sick and ill , and be nutritionally deficient . This product contains 500mg of bile . If you do n't have a gallbladder then your liver can only dump say 1,500 mg of bile to emulsify our diet . 1,500 mg is far from sufficient . That 's why the dosage should be adjusted to get the full of effect . I 'm a 25 year old male and I have a healthy gallbladder with no stones in my liver , pancreas , gallbladder , and kidney 's . This was confirmed via a ultrasound of all my organs . I have done over 30 liver and kidney flushes though and take Livatone plus which has helped me in ways words can not describe . Weight loss comes automatically and a healthier happier you will result.The only con for this is the dosage . They should offer a higher dosage version with 5,000 mg of bile so we can really get the full benefit that bile does for us . I notice HUGE improvements in digestion from taking 4 capsules at a time no matter when on an empty stomach or after a meal . Bile eliminates bloating 100 % . If you feel bloated and fat and your tummy sticks out . You need this product ! Again our gallbladders are supposed to release 50,000 mg of bile into our small intestines to emulsify our diet , break down our diet and carry our diet at a cellular level to all of our cells in our entire body . Everything you eat , breathe , touch , smell , and see is absorbed into our bodies and are pumped in the bloodstream to our liver . From there the liver and gallbladder work together to carry emulsify the contents and shuttled throughout our bodies to rejuvenate tissues . Bile works closely with lymph fluid in waste removal and that 's what bile is for ! It 's there to enable our bodies to absorb and benefit from what we eat , drink , smell , breathe , see , and feel . Without sufficient amounts of bile in our digestive system everthing we absorb is not used to benefit our bodies instead without bile 's help . These contents are pumped throughout our bodies with no potential to benefit us but to only be stored as waste . As these contents stagnate our bodies become sickly and unhealthy . The contents rots , stagnates , and continuously pollutes our bodies instead of being broken down and used to feed our cells and rejuvenate our cells.If you have any questions please contact me I 'd love to help you ! cbxox2@hotmail.com
 This product is helping me keep my digestive tract cleaner . I use about 1 or 2 per day , either with breakfast lunch or dinner . I 'm more regular now and I sleep better ! AWESOME !
 I started using this product after much researching ... . that I should be on a bile supplement since I have had my gallbladder removed -LRB- 35 years ago -RRB- . I have had off and on digestive difficulties , some constipation , but nothing horrible.Since I am a believer in complimentary medicine , the rational seemed right . I have been on this about 2 months , using one with most meals . What I have noticed is that I have lost about 12 lbs without changing anything . I eat very healthy and exercise most days but have not been able to loose weight -LRB- I am about 20 lbs over -RRB- . I have tried everything too , FOR YEARS !!!!! ... I eventually blamed menopause and that was that.Now , I believe that I am digesting better , getting more nutrition from my food and that is is causing the weight loss . I feel great and am finally fitting into my size 8 jeans again . I will never be without this supplement .
 Let me first state that I have no criticism of the product itself ; however , I would recommend to anyone trying ox bile for the first time to try the 125mg capsule first -LRB- also sold by Nutricology on Amazon -RRB- . I started taking the 500mg after reading that it helped with bloating post gall bladder removal . It did do that , but was just too potent for me , even with merely one capsule a day with dinner.I was concerned there was some sort of reaction with the digestive enzymes and probiotic I also take daily , which I have had great success with and never any problems , but everything I read said each person much figure out the right combination of these products in order to receive the benefits of them.I had also read so much about the benefits of ox bile post gall bladder removal that I ordered the 125mg capsules . I now take one capsule twice a day , with meals , sometimes a third with my morning meal if I have more than my usual oatmeal or hard boiled egg , and my body is tolerating it just fine.After only a few weeks I have already seen some of the positive results I had hoped to see.UPDATE - 8/23/12I wanted to provide an update as to my experience with ox bile 125mg and 500mg . I previously indicated my most problematic issue post-gallbladder removal has been severe and constant bloating . Now , I have it almost completely under control , in large part due to the ox bile.I think for those of us without a gallbladder the most important things to consider when using an ox bile supplement it to take it whenever you eat ANYTHING -LSB- along with digestive enzymes -RSB- , and DOSAGE , and everyone is different . Now that I seem to have it under control I have lost @ 4-5 pounds -LSB- most of which was water weight -RSB- , which being 5 ' 1 '' is a lot , and even if I do get some bloating -LSB- as I still do miscalculate the dose I need -RSB- it is minimal and I am able to get rid of it without having to take a water pill , as I used to have to do.After experimenting with dosages I have found the following works for me :2 - 125mg tabs -LSB- 250 mg total -RSB- with most meals at the beginning or shortly into the meal1 - 125mg tab with a light meal or snack .1 - 500 mg tab with high fat meals -LSB- almost exclusively at dinner -RSB- or if I am drinking anything with alcohol.If I have a few glasses of wine or a couple beers , I will take an additional 250 mgs with any additional beverage -LSB- along with digestive enzymes -RSB- As a side note , my mom , who is 82 , takes 1 500 mg a day -LSB- still has her gallbladder -RSB- and has lost 12 pounds , doing nothing different.So , get both doses and experiment with the dosing based upon what you eat . The results are worth it!I still have occasional stomach discomfort if I take too much , but its a small price to pay to get rid of the bloating .
 Before my gallbladder was removed , my stomach/diaphram would get enlarged after any-sized meal . After my gallbladder was removed , my entire stomach would get enlarged , and bloated , as if the tissues were inflammed . And my stomach seemed very sensitive to wheat products ... even a dash of soy sauce.I did research online and found that ox bile could help . I ordered another brand for about 6 months . And it worked alright , but the price was too high . So , last month , I purchased a bottle of Nutricology 's Ox Bile , 500 mg . And I 'm pretty happy with the product . I 've gone through a bottle , and can say that this seems to work a little better than the other brand . I like that these are capsules , rather than tablets . And though I still try to avoid wheat , when I do have wheat , with this product , I am not suffering afterwards . That means a lot to me.So , I 'm ordering my second bottle . I highly recommend this product to anyone who has had their gallbladder removed and is suffering from stomach issues .
 I had gallbladder removal surgery a month and a half ago . I gave myself time to `` adjust '' - but a month later I was still feeling very bloated and constipated . I read up and found that this was a normal post-surgery issue - and the solution was to take bile supplements . I rush ordered a bottle of this . After a day a taking one per meal - the bloating went away ... and I am now very regular - more regular than ever before in my life . A warning though - it says to take it `` with '' a meal . I find taking it at the beginning or during is best . Taking it at the end with no food to follow can be a problem - but that may be my GERD and not a gallbladder gone issue.Just ordered a few more bottles so I can leave them at places - like work - where I am likely to have a meal . Highly recommend it .
 I had my gall bladder removed 8 years ago and OxBile allows me to digest cheese ! Yeah !
 Great product . Wish I had found out about this years ago when I first had my gallbladder removed years ago . I put on 40 lbs and have already lost 10 lbs since I have started taking this 2 months ago . Have not changed my diet at all . I am also taking Choline with the Ox Bile .
 Works as advertised . This one comes from ones raised without hormones ... so you wo n't be getting hormone residues if you buy this one .
 I HAD MY GALLBLADDER REMOVED AND SINCE ALWAYS HAD TROUBLE EATING . NOW I TAKE ONE OF THESE BEFORE MEALS AND NO MORE BLOATING OR CONSTIPATION PROBLEMS .
 My husband had severe gout about 20 years ago , and with the medicine they put him on he was at the doctors regularly for blood tests , and always getting more prescriptions . Then we heard about Black Chery , being good at relieving gout , so we tried it . Needless to say for about 20 years , we have not had to go to a doctor about the gout , or get a prescription . Do n't know if it would work for everyone , but in my mind it would be worth the effort to try it . Remember that herbs and such take a while to work in to the system , so if you try it give it a good month or two to start working.The cost of taking this yearly is a lot less than prescriptions and doctor visits .
 I have used several very good aftershave products but I think I have found the clear winner with this product . It applies very smoothly , has a very clean scent and conditions my skin immediately . It is a cream , which I prefer over liquids . A little goes a long way and provides a bit of a cooling , but very soothing effect . I like the scent - it reminds me of some kind of herb - very clean and not too noticeable.Great product , highly recommended .
 Very nice post shave cream . This would be a 5 star product if it had sun protection in it as well .
 Awesome !! Nothing else to say . Just another The Grooming Lounge product that did not Disappoint . The price was not bad either .
 Best for last after shave balm is an excellent moisturizer . It is pretty much fragrance free and feels great . Not much need for additional creams or moisturizers .
 My husband initially received this as a gift . While the price is a bit high , other products that he has tried over the years have caused irritation . Excellent Product !
 This product was extremely helpful in achieving my weightloss goal . I had tried everything from fad diets to popping all kinds of pills . I had hit my mid 30 's and the weight was sneaking up on me . I wanted to find something natural and safe that I could stick with and this is it ! I started with the Ultimate 5 day Cleanse . The Craveless was a part of this 5 day routine and I found it to work almost too well . The Craveless along with the fiber powder fills me up so much that I forgot to eat ! I went from being a snackaholic -LRB- healthy snacks -RRB- to being a meal skipper . I do n't recommend skipping meals obviously , but I am not hungry at all . I have lost the weight I wanted to plus some . I will keep taking the Craveless and one teaspoon of the powdered fiber in the morning . I have been running and plan to do a 10 mile here in my hometown next July ! I 'm very pleased with this stuff !
 I did the Ultimate Cleanse first to clean out my system . It had been sluggish for a long time . I felt MUCH better after that . Then I started the Crave Less/Burn More part . I definitely had fewer cravings and did eat less . I do n't know if just that is why I lost , or if the Burn More helped as well . The weight loss took a couple of months , and I lost 8 pounds . That was fine because that 's about all I really needed to lose . It was slow , subtle , and I felt really good and really healthy the whole time .
 This is one of the best-tasting energy/snack bars I 've tried . It has true flavors -LRB- think a chewy chocolate brownie with small chocolate chips -RRB- , little or no `` off '' flavors or aftertastes , and it 's relatively filling , especially if accompanied by water or an additional quick snack , such as fruit . It 's a small bar , but it 's packed with 3 grams of fiber -LRB- 12 % of daily needs based on a 2,000 calorie diet -RRB- , and it 's certified 95 % organic . These organic ingredients include organic rolled oats , organic oat Flour , organic oat fiber , organic and milled flaxseed , and actual natural flavors . Even the sweet stuff is organic : , including organic chocolate -LRB- made with -- you guessed it -- organic evaporated cane juice -RRB- , soy butter , cocoa powder , cocoa butter , tapioca syrup , and fig paste . CLIF 's website proclaims that `` CLIF ZBar is the first kids ' snack created to comply with SB-19 , California 's Senate Bill limiting fat and sugar in foods offered within the state 's school system ... We source ingredients which do not contain wheat and are not genetically engineered . '' Although aimed at kids , adults and teens will enjoy this as well.Ingredients
 If I had kids , I 'd be stealing these out of their lunch bag . Cheeky bastards!I get afternoon chocolate cravings and ca n't scarf down Snickers bars everyday -LRB- at least not if I 'm spending most of my day sedentary in an offic chair -RRB- . The zBar Brownies offer all the satisfaction of chocolate with the wholesomeness of oatmeal.Ok , so it 's not as rich and creamy as something from Hershey . But they are damn good without olestra , saccharine , and other ingredients that will embalm you . And the # 1 ingredient is Organic Oats . The # 2 ingredient is organic chocolate chips . If that was n't a good enough start , all the other ingredients are organic too .1 bar = 1 serving120 calories25 calories from fat1g of saturated fat0g trans fat0mg cholesterolThe biggest downside is 12g of sugar , but that 's still doing better than most sweet snacks.I love these bars because they are tasty and filling . They are a `` healthy '' alternative to the tempations in your local vending machine.Cheers !
 My kids love this snack bar - I love that there is NO HIGH FRUCTOSE CORN SYRUP !
 first let me second the notion of all reviewers who mentioned these are n't just good for kids . i 've also tried the more `` adult '' nectar bars , and these are better.also , just try giving them a quick zap in the microwave ... the chocolate chips and drizzle get all melty , producing some substantial warm and gooey brownie goodness!i even tried slathering some peanut butter on -- the good nutrition info leaves some wiggle room for it !
 We use the ZBars for breakfast , and my kids love them ! I love them too , as they 're organic , contain no trans fat , no refinded sugar or flour . They 're yummy AND healthy .
 Better-tasting than almost any candy bar , good for you - what 's not to like ? Best snack product for the serious chocoholic looking to rationalize his/her intake . Try it !
 My son likes the taste and I like what 's in it ! This is a great snack to help school kids make it to lunch . Organic inputs , no hydrogenated fats and healthier sweetners make this a better choice for kids .
 My kids like these ! Very chocolat-y . Actually somewhat healthy too .
 The Clif-Z bars offer a more nutritious and organic alternative to the typical grocery store granola bars . Check out the ingredients
 My kids -LRB- ages 6 and 2 -RRB- liked the peanut butter Z-Bars . They have n't tried the other ones . I like the all natural ingredients and that it contains appropriate amounts of protein , fats , and carbohydrates .
 GREAT product and wonderful results ! I have used this product for about 10 years . Always use it after a teeth cleaning .
 The package was in my mail box much sooner than I anticipated ! Thanks so much !
 Great product . I 've used it for years and always performs well . Best to use right after a rofessional cleaning for maximum results . Shining , white teeth are a right in America !
 Checking the list of purveyors , this company had the best combination of price and shipping for the desired product .
 Opalescence is an excellent teeth-whitening product for use at one 's home , and I have always been very satisfied with the results . I was also pleased , and surprised , at how fast the company shipped it to me .
 This seller is definitely trustful and great seller . This is my 2nd purchase of Opalescence and I 'll buy this product from this seller again !!
 The product they supplied was great and the shipping was super fast . I would definately buy from them again .
 Good results , be careful to wipe excess gel from gums to avoid burning sensation . Some sensitivity but not extreme .
 I have been buying this product for years on Amazon . It is a great whitener . I have tried many different manufacturers , but like this one the best . Good price too .
 I have used Opalescence -LRB- 10 % -RRB- previously purchased from my dentist . Of course , the 15 % is stronger and also works great . The Opalescence web site says this product can be used for 4-6 hours . I used it with custom-fit trays for 6 hours and saw immediate results . You should not be disappointed in this product .
 I had been using some stuff that my dentist gave me , but it really did n't seem to be doing much . Two people I know urged me to try Opalesence . I 've been using it with the trays I already had and it is doing a much better job . Also , it does n't hurt that it 's inexpensive ! : - -RRB-
 The Opalescence PF 15 % Teeth Whitening product was fine and on time . I am very pleased with this trade and will most certainly do it again .
 I 've tried all kinds of remedies but nothing works better on a sprained back.I was part of the team that cleaned up the WTC and this is what the Red Cross used to give us .
 I suffer some sever back pain . I attend physical therapy , chiropractors , and pain management . I get trigger point injections , I use electrical stimulation , acupuncture , and an infinite amount of pills , creams , and patches . Through all of that , Tiger Balm relieves pain almost more than anything else I have tried . This stuff is great ! You can purchase it at any pharmacy , at a fair price , and one little jar lasts a REALLY long time . The only negative I have at all is the strong , menthol smell and slimy , greasy feeling it leaves behind . If you can get past the smell and texture , the deep and lasting pain relief is unbeatable . It works better than than my prescription lidocaine ointment and lasts MUCH longer . The only product I can compare Tiger Balm to is BioFreeze . BioFreeze works quite well also , but I personally like Tiger Balm better . They both smell poorly , but they both work really nicely . I find that Tiger Balm lasts slightly longer than BioFreeze -LRB- on my body and in the jar -RRB- , however BioFreeze rubs in more and leaves less of a greasy texture . Overall Tiger Balm is and excellent product , and I definitely recommend it to anyone with any chronic pain or for temporary soreness or sprains .
 I put it on all the time , even when I do n't totally need it . I 'm not sure if the people around me like the smell but I find it very relaxing .
 Product is strong and penetrating . You do get relief from muscle stiffness , and soreness.Helps cramps in your legs . .
 I have been using this for years I think it works great and it does n't stain your clothes It helps a lot because I ca n't take any aspirins or Tylenol !!
 Hubby uses on his lower back , he likes this as well as Biofreeze . Would purchase again . Wish it came in a larger size .
 The wife and I use this when ever we have an extra hard work out in Tae Kwon Do . It is great for those days when one needs a little extra pain relief . The topical application has nothing that will interfere with most over the counter pain relief . A little bit goes a long way so be sure to rub it in well .
 I got turned on to Tiger Balm in 1970 in Thailand and have been using it eversince . Works great for muscles as well as sinus problems . Great Stuff .
 My mom is a petite woman , and needed a rollator with lower seat and handles . The brake locks are easily adjustable , and it allows here to get around and sit when tired . Light weight , a nice finish , and adustability make this a good choice .
 Bought this walker for my ailing mother who is in assisted living . Many others in her community use the same type of walker and they tag them with colorful ribbons or personalization to be able to identify them . They are very popular . Love the one with the enclosed seat so that personal belongings can remain private and not seen by others .
 Great product ! If you ' r wife or girlfriend can hold it long enough it will melt your stressed muscles away ! Pays for itself after 2 uses . This machine replaces 2 massage therapists at $ 100/hr and the 1/2 tank of gas you 'll use to get there . Variable speed is great . My wife can only use it on the low speed -LRB- tender skin -RRB- and complains that it makes her hands numb when she 's using it on me . I say &#34; suck it up cupcake &#34; , its my turn to be pampered ! Rednecks need pampering too ! Just do n't tell anyone !
 Not only will she not expect this , but this will be the gift that keeps on giving . It 's not a diamond , but based on the reaction I got , it 's pretty darn close . Definitely a must have for anyone with back problems as well . In short , who would NOT benefit from having one of these?By the way , speaking on its quality , the Jeanie Rub is very sturdily constructed . It is made in the USA . I do n't foresee ever having an issue with mine , based on how I 've seen them perform . My chiropractor uses this too . You got ta get one .
 The Jeanie Rub massager is powerful and really gets the circulation moving , while relaxing the receivers deep muscles.This is a great tool for getting clients to a place of letting go of the day and completely relaxing tight muscles . * Note the massager is not for long time use but for loosening tight muscles so they are ready to receive deeper levels in a massage or reflexology treatment . I use this with both Reflexology and Reiki clients , with wonderful results .
 This is a great device with many positives , and very few negatives.I work in a call center sitting all day , and I get a very tight knotted muscle pain running up and down the left side of my spine and into my neck and shoulder , a pain that often makes it very difficult to sleep or relax . I have tried many things ranging from expensive 1hr and 2hr deep tissue trigger point massages , cheap vibrating back massage devices and rolling shiatsu massage chairs , chiropractic adjustments and tens unit devices . I have tried most over the counter medicines and quite a few holistic herbs to relieve inflammation and nothing has worked long enough to make it worth the high cost.Once I got married I could no longer afford weekly chiropractic visits or monthly massages . -LRB- which only kept the pain under control but did not eliminate it -RRB- I started looking online and read tons of reviews . Finally it came down to two devices , this one and the Thumper Percussive massager . The Jeanie Rub looked exactly like something an old chiropractor had once used on me , and I recalled it had relieved my pain for a couple of days . Ultimately I went ahead and settled on purchasing the variable speed model . I admittedly felt a tinge uneasy about the high price tag , but still felt hopeful that it would be worth the high price if it worked . It would be an investment if I no longer had to spend 120 + a month for massage and chiropractic visits . I was still very skeptical.The device came on time -LRB- next day -RRB- and I tore it open and examined it . It was heavier and bigger than I had imagined , but solid and well built . I hurriedly plugged it in and turned on the dial switch . The device began to rotate in a way that my wife compares to a car buffer . I first tried it on my leg , then on my brothers back then finally on my back . My back sank into heavenly bliss.Unlike other massage machines this really had the power to sink in to my stiff muscles and go `` deep '' enough . I felt my muscles relax almost immediately . This machine has a ton of power . Normally I require deep tissue with tons of heavy pressure , but the oscillating 4200RPM action gets in deep without applying much pressure . I was soon glad that I got the variable speed model , as I found the fastest speeds worked great for me , while most others preferred the lower RPM speeds.I love showing people the jeanie when they come over , it 's so unique . When using this device on me , my three brothers , and most others , the initial reaction you get is a deep relaxing `` aaahhhhh '' as your muscles melt and your cares drift away . '' I want one , '' and `` thats awesome '' are very common responsesThe best part about having this device is that it works consistently when I need it , and within about 10 or 15 minutes I am pain free lasting for about a day or two.I soon found myself asking `` what else can this `` Jeanie '' rub ? '' Now , I use it on my head for a scalp massage . I have used it on my face and jaw when I had jaw muscles locking up , on my legs abs and chest and feet -LRB- very nice on feet -RRB- , and just about everywhere else you can think of . Anywhere that you want to feel deep vibrating relaxing pleasure.The more I use it , the better I get at picking the right speed and using the right pressure and movement techniques for the best overall feel.Now , I will mention the few negatives I can think of.The device can make your back feel itchy after about 10 minutes of use . I had to use it a while to get used to it . Like a really bad almost unbearable itch . My wife really hated it at first , and only after a while was I able to convince her to use it long enough to get past the itching feeling . -LRB- my guess is it has something to do with blood rushing to the back area -RRB- Even now she does not like this nearly as much as I do . Most the guys that have tried it on have liked it . -LRB- I personally feel like the itching is a small price to pay in order to have my back pain relieved , and found the itching goes away the more you use it -RRB- Also it is big , and pretty heavy . I would probably use it twice every day -LRB- in the morning to loosen up and at night to relax -RRB- but it to hard to use it on yourself , -LRB- when working on the back -RRB- so someone else will need to use it on you . I took it on vacation with me in my checked baggage , the TSA must have thought it looked suspicious because they searched my bag.Also my wife really does n't like the vibrating feeling it produces , it bothers her hands , so she does n't enjoy using it on me and I feel kind of guilty when I ask her to use it on me . -LRB- my wife is one of the few people who had this complaint -RRB- Ultimately this device has helped a lot , and in my opinion was worth the high price tag . I have not been to the chiropractor once since getting this device . I am still interested in saving up for the Thumper Massager , as I am hoping it will be something I can use on myself without assistance . I am also hoping that my wife will like it better than she like this .
 I love this massager . The variable speeds come in handy . I really do n't need the attached posts but I bought the unit with the posts just in case I ever needed them . This model is the same as the local chiropractic clinic uses . I can even use it when I am alone . I just prop it against the recliner and let it vibrate my back . It 's great . I highly recommend the variable speed jeanie rub massager .
 The Jeanie Rub variable speed model is POWERFUL ! The post mounted accessories are important ; so too is the variable speed option . Ok , so they cost a few more bucks but they do more than vibrate a flat surface - they penetrate deeper . Be careful and do n't overdo it too soon . Gentle applications at first and the soreness began to disappear . Over the period of a week and my lower back pain diminished to just a minor annoyance . The ` U ' shaped attachment did wonders for my stiff neck and acheing shoulders . I could rattle on but if you are n't convinced by now - sorry .
 This is a good product . The only only thing that I do not like about it is that when you hold the handles the strong vibration feel like an electrical shock to the hands . I will find a way to pad the handles and all will be well . This is great for the pain between the shoulder blades that can be caused by numerous different organ problems that share the same nerves . It is the only thing that I know that works for this problem . .
 All I need is pink smoke and Barbara Eden to use this machine on me to make it any better . I 'll give you a little back ground to start . I come from a family where most of its members are on the `` fluffy '' side of the weight scale . Given that genetic predisposition , my mother had surgery on her spine for a herniated disk . My sister has battled with a bulging disk problem for years and now I finally have been having some issues in the lower back region that do n't seem to want to go away simply with chiropractic treatments . My chiropractor and my allopathic physician both said that the Sciatic pain was worthy of pain killers , anti-inflammatory , muscle relaxers and a round of steroids to help get me past the worst of my issues.Now that you have a basis of my situation I want to tell you that there were three things that saved me and my sanity . The first thing was my temper-pedic mattress and finding supportive ways to sleep . Before I was on the pain meds , that was the only place that I could find that was relatively pain free . The second is the McKenzie method . For those of you that are n't familiar and do Yoga , it 's like the Sun Salutation position and for those that are Yoga Savvy ; it 's like doing a push up but leaving everything from your pelvis to your feet flat on the ground while looking up at the ceiling . The third thing was my Jeanie Rub Massager . This thing is SICK !!!!! -LRB- The good kind of sick -RRB- . HOLY COW ! Praise whatever god you prefer and sing it to the heavens , nirvana , Valhalla , etc. I got the variable speed model with the posts because I 'm open to the idea of getting the attachments and to those of you that are debating on whether or not get the single speed or the variable . Get the variable . The few extra dollars is really important depending on which part of the body you are working on . For all those skinny folks out there , the boney areas are a little sensitive to the higher speeds . Now when you are working the thighs , bum and legs , crank that beast up to 11 . Personally I like it on high the whole time , but many of the people I 've used it on prefer variation depending on the area.I had been suffering for about 6 weeks by the time I got my Jeanie Rub Massager . I ordered it right before I attended an event in Atlanta over Labor Day weekend -LRB- Dragon * Con -RRB- . For those that have not attended this convention , it takes place over four days and Five downtown Atlanta Hotels . It hosts around 40is thousand people and gets bigger every year . It caters largely to the science fiction and fantasy folks , but it has something from most areas of popular culture . This is the type of event that will have you up at 7 or 8 in the morning to get in line for your 10 AM panel and will keep you on your feet until well past midnight . As you might expect a person that is suffering from severe sciatic pain and has not had any pain killers yet , this would be challenging especially when you are toting a heavy camera bag/day supplies around with you for the whole event . When I got back to the hotel , I was almost to the point where I had to drag myself into my room with my tongue -LRB- because that was the only part of me that did n't scream with pain -RRB- . One of the main things that drove me back to my hotel room , rather than sleeping on the streets of downtown Atlanta , was the promise of my Jeanie Rub Massager . I went to this event with my best friend and my sister . We took turns using the machine on each other and I tell you the people in the next room probably thought we were having some serious M&eacute;nage - A-Tois action every night . We were moaning with such pleasure , it would probably sound obscene to the passerby of our hotel room . *** Update It 's been about 10/11 weeks since I 've had the Jeanie Rub Massager and I 'm soooooo much better . I ca n't give all of the credit to this machine , but it certainly helped me through some of the worst parts . I still have some sciatic pain , but the pain is much more localized in my upper butt cheek and having a session this little baby just makes the whole day better . Anyone that looks at the price tag and cringes at spending this much on a massager , believe me I can sympathize . I bought this machine when I was unemployed and had very little discretionary income . I needed a miracle and I think I found the best mechanized miracle money can buy . Go ahead and get it . You really wo n't regret it .
 Exactly what I expected . Just like the one we had from my wife 's uncle the chiropractor . Great buy for less than $ 200 .
 This was a Christmas present for my wife ... She loves it . Looking forward to having her use it on my back one day.Thanks & God bless , Dave
 Although my wife did not like the vibration motion of this product it none the less was well made , very reasonably priced as compared to others of the same quality .
 This is a great massage oil . It is long-lasting and smells nutty . I love the scent .
 I found this portable shower quite useful simply because it has a large part that will fit snugly over the bathtub faucet .
 I ordered this after reading the reviews because my mother had a round faucet . Once we received it , I could n't get it on her faucet because it was too large for the opening on the hose . I went to purchase a new faucet at the hardware store and took the hose in with me . They only had square faucets but the associate at the Ace Hardware store put the hose on for me . It took quite a bit of strength for him to do it but it did fit . I took the whole set up and screwed in the faucet without any trouble . I would n't do this unless you 're ready to not remove it . It does work great and I am so happy I ordered this one and everything worked out as it did . You may want to remove your faucet to attach the hose and then push it up on the faucet as far as it will go . You will get a nice strong stream of water from it .
 This variety of St John 's Wort seems to be more effective than any others I 've tried .
 This is a wonderful product ! I bought it wondering if it could really reduce stress and it REALLY DOES ! It works immediately too . When I add it in my dog and cats water dish they love the flavor and become relaxed and mellow immediately . It is great during a thunderstorm at relaxing them . My husband and I use it to immediately calm down if we feel stressed or overwhelmed . Just spraying it in the air or applying it to your face works too if you do n't like the slight taste similar to alcohol . I do n't plan to ever run out of this stuff .
 This natural remedy is a must for our cats . It also works well for me - a few drops under the tounge - it 's not magic just helps overall .
 We have been using Rescue Remedy for a few months now and it is amazing ! We have been healthier , sleep better , and all around feel great ! I would recommend it to anyone and everyone .
 I stumbled on Rescue remedy by accident on the internet a few years ago when I was looking for natural remedies for stress relief which were safe and drug free . I was skeptical at first but decided to give it a try . I found that it worked and also gave it to other family members to try . They too , were apprehensive and worried that it would be addictive or habit-forming but that was never the case with any of us . It helps me calm down without any drug side-effects . It is handy to have around and safe enough for my liking . I believe it helped me get through some stressful situations and moments .
 We have been using this product for about a year or more . We find it works really well in calming our pets in stress situations . Or just to help them relax .
 I have a cat who chronically overgrooms . Something will set her off and she increases this problematic behavior . I have been using Rescue Remedy for about one month and it has reduced , but not eliminated the problem . I am seeing regrowth of hair , but there are still patchy spots . She is quite fussy when I try to administer anything , so I put a few drops on Temptation treats twice a day and she eats them up . I 've tried the collar and other lotions , so short of RX medication , Rescue Remedy has produced the most positive results .
 My friend first gave me some b/c i suffer from anxiety . I was skeptical at first but this stuff works great . I love it . It calms me down fast .
 I purchased this at the advice of a friend . I wanted something natural -LRB- non-medicinal -RRB- to take before flying for anxiety . My flight is not until March ' 11 , but wanted to test it out . I used it before a couple of dentist appointments , and it seemed to work . I was not as anxious and I seemed more calm and was able to have the dental work done that I needed . The dose is only 4 drops in a little water or straight on your tongue . The test will come on my trip in March . I will take it before my flights and keep it with me to take in-flight -LRB- it 's an overseas flight -RRB- . I 'll post an update after I return .
 I use this stuff all the time . I plan to order more . It 's a great natural stress reliever for anyone ! Very easy to use and travels well . I keep it in my purse .
 I heard that this product does n't REALLY work . It 's just that you THINK it will work that makes it work . So then it works?It does seem to take the edge off and make me feel a little better when I 'm feeling particularly stressed . I 've also given it to my dog when there are thunder storms and it helps him as well . I 've had a friend give it to her great dane puppy after he kept destroying his bed/crate and he stopped freaking out at night -LRB- p.s. -- if you have a great dane puppy , letting it sleep in bed with you while it 's little is not a good idea . It will get BIG and still want to sleep with you and destroy your house if you do n't let it . -RRB- Anyway , I 'm a fan of Rescue Remedy . It works for me , so I 'll continue to keep it on hand !
 Delivery was as promised . I have n't used the product yet . I purchased this item based on the recommendation of family member . They said that it helps to instill calm in anxiety producing situations .
 This stuff is amazing with my dogs . There are days where it is the only thing that keeps them from driving me batty !
 I bought this at my local health food store and it seems to do the trick for me . Gave some to someone who was trying to quit smoking and I think he thought it would be a magic bullet so he did n't feel it did anything for him . HIs loss .
 We use Rescue Remedy often . It takes the edge off of life 's little stressors
 I love rescue remedy !! I learned about it recently while I was attending unmedicated births for my clinical work in midwifery . It helps the moms -LRB- and me -RRB- so much during those stressful labors . I give it to my children and it calms everything down so much .
 This product works great for cats . It only take a little bit and they settle down , and it is organic !
 I took this product during my pregnancy to relax and during labor too . It helped me soo much !! i asked my obgyn and she said the alcohol in it is like nothing , very minimun . i still use it to relax now and then . LOVE IT !!
 I have panic attacks a lot and was looking for something that could help me . A friend of mine turned me onto this product . After I read hundreds of reviews I finally got some . With just a couple sprays or drops I felt a lot more calm . I could really tell the difference . My heart raced a lot less then normal and my nervousness has been a lot less . It also does n't taste bad either . I highly recommend this product . Oh , also I am a nagger but while taking this I do n't pick arguments -LRB- Great for the wife or husband.lol -RRB- The product also does n't leave you feeling dopey or sluggish . The best way that I can describe this product is that it makes the little things that might work you up not bother you .
 If you 've never tried rescue rememdy and are looking for a good homeopathic stress relief solution give it a go ! You wo n't regret it !
 I have a very stressful job , and I am raising my nephew as a single parent . Most nights my mind is going 100 miles an hour so I barely sleep . I can function amazingly well considering I get no sleep . I do fine all day at work , but I 'm tired by the time I get home and have no energy . Lately , I 've been so stressed that my body has manifested stress into hives , or even near panic attacks where its hard for me to take a breath , and I have to try very hard to no let that turn into a panic attack . I 've been very wound tight lately.I do n't like to take medicine , so I decided to try this . I was a little skeptical , but a nurse who works for my company as an advisor recommended it as a stress reliever.It worked for me right away . Now , I 've see a lot of people posting negative reviews on here about it not working like a Xanax , etc. . I 've never taken those type of meds , but certainly those are intended to be much stronger , and are chemically produced , not natural.This product is mild but I did notice a difference . I did n't feel drowsy . I still feel fully alert , but just less affected . My mind does n't race as much , and I am just calmer . I still have worries , but I can function better and deal with them.I learned from reading the reviews you can use it on your skin , which I tried and find that works as well . It also apparently can be used for animals which is great . I have not tried it on my dogs yet , but I plan to . I have a beagle who can get really stressed out at the vet 's office , etc.It 's nice to feel a little bit of peace , and be able to just calm down and put things in perspective . It 's nice to be able to relax a little . I 'm so glad it 's not something that `` numbs '' you as I do n't like feeling disoriented . This still allows you to function at 100 % . I will say I tried the 4 drops in a bottle of water and I still noticed a difference but not as much . I would go with 4 drops in a glass of water like it truly recommends as thats slightly less water.The only downside is that I do n't think the effects last all day , but maybe over time . I 'm hoping over time I wo n't need it , that maybe I can learn not to stress out.But , the product is great , and any help is good for me at this point to allow me to calm down.I will absolutely continue to buy this product .
 love this product . especially for introducing new pets to our family , and we have 7 right now.a couple drops in their universal water bowl and magic ... they welcome each new member.it really works ! I 'm sure it works on people too ... but , I always have it on hand for my `` kids '' .
 this really works well . just put 2-3 drops on your tongue when you 're feeling restless/stressed or anything like and within a few minutes you feel calmer and able to think more rationally . its not addicting at all and you dont `` need it '' all the time.highly recommended .
 As per my dog psychologist 's recommendation I purchased Rescue Remedy for my Shih Tzu 's extreme separation anxiety . I 've been using it for a month in combination with a prescription med and she is doing so much better . She was so bad that we were going to give her away , now she sleeps in a crate which was not possible before . What a relief !!
 My male keeshond had absolute meltdowns during thunderstorms , and there seemed to be no help for him . This product was recommended to me -- by my dog 's groomer , by friends -- and I was skeptical .5 or 6 drops do the trick for my poor boy . Rescue Remedy seems to work better with each time I use it .
 This homeopathic product works great for our dog 's anxiety episodes . Put some in his water or in his mouth and we 're good to go . Works good on humans , too . :--RRB- -RRB-
 All Bash remedies are excellent , I am confident every time I purchase one , because they work fast and the best part is natural.Try it , you wo n't be sorry
 This is the first time I 've tried Rescue Remedy . I tried it after I saw it featured on the Dr.Oz show . It does seem to help some . I would n't say that it made me completely stress free , but then maybe I am more high strung than I realize . It does n't taste bad , and just burns a little when you put it under your tongue . I would buy it again .
 I prefer this over pharmaceuticals . I do n't notice a big change but maybe a slight change , yet gentle enough that I continue to use it and order it . I like the concept of the body absorbing something natural upon contact with skin or under the tongue . I tend to think it is safer chemically than its pharmaceutical options .
 This product seems to help my son somewhat who struggles with some issues . I give him drops of this under his tongue every morning before school . Not a cure but possibly helpful .
 I use this product on my dog when she experiences seizures . Just 1-2 droplets and she snaps right out of it ! Make sure you 're ordering the right size because some places will charge you just as much for the 10ml bottle as they do for the 20ml .
 Weight loss supplements only work if you have a decent to great diet on key . With that being said Animal cuts is by far the best cutting supplement i have taken . The caffeine is not so much that I am jittery all day but enough that i do n't need coffee in the mornings.Pros : It works noticeable difference with than withoutMuscle looks harder and feels tighterNot to jitteryCons : Alot of pillsDo not take on empty stomach -LRB- you will most likely feel sick -RRB- Water intake daily must be no less than a 3/4 of a gallon or you will feel sick and dehydratedFinal Thoughts : Product is hands down one of the best , Take 6-7 hour apart and consume as much water as you can over a gallon is recommended . Do not take on empty stomach or risk puking . Body temp seems to be slightly elevated which makes me believe my liver is processing so i would not consume alcohol while taking it . Watch for drug interactions especially with any &#34; uppers &#34; like ADD medication . Strong enough to replace my morning coffee
 Now I only take one pack a day , so i can extend it alittle longer , and it still works . It gets you bigger , and stronger , faster than not taking anything at all . Overall its a great product .
 While it does do its job when used properly , as a distance runner and weight lifter , it just got a bit too much for me to use . The appetite control was NOT good for me , as I desperately needed calories . And if you did n't drink 1-2 gallons of water a day , you were definitely dehydrated . The thermogenic also worked quite well , but was sometimes uncomfortable . However , as a supplement , it does exactly as it should when used properly .
 I have been taking this for a couple weeks now . I would have to say that this is probally one of the better cutting supps out there . I have been leaning down more and more . Well im sure there is better but you will probally be paying a bit more.Dont buy this thinking it will just shred fat . You have to want to work out and eat right at the same time . If you do all that this will deff give you a little boost.As for people saying that it gives them a little energy , I have yet to get an energy boost from this . However I know this work because I am dropping weight a little fast then I normally would.Im giving this 5 stars because its a product that actually works . However it is a little expensive being it is only a 3 week cycle . Ill keep paying it every other month , well because this one actually works pretty decent compared to most other brands ... just be sure to put in effort.Also this works even better when taking rage . Wich by the way is probally the best pre work out I have ever taken . You get 44 servings in one container for like 32 bucks i think . . not bad at all ...
 This is week one day two of using the product . It is quick to work , when I worked out my muscles got sore for very short periods of time . I normally work uppers body one day , abs another , and lower body on day three , but I finished my upper body work out so fast that I just worked everything . So I 'd give it 5 stars on the energy boostHowever , at the end of my workout I had one of the worst stomach aches I 've ever had , I felt it earlier in the day , but It did not really kick in until I took the second pack and a few hours afterward . I sat down for almost 15 mins before I do bare to stand and walk home . That did n't matter to me much maybe it does to you . I 'll keep posting as the continue to use the product
 This is the 2nd time I 'm using this product . The first time was a little over 12yrs ago . I went from 245lbs down to 195-200lbs in a little under 8 weeks using this product . Of course I also worked out 4-5 times a week and maintained a 2000 calorie a day diet but I did n't change my diet that much . This product curbed my appetite to where I had to force myself to eat because I was never hungry!A lot of products give you a roller-coaster ride with fluctuating energy levels but I never experienced that issue with this product .
 Bottom line : If you want to lose fat you should gain muscle
 Used the product as directed and saw great results I dropped 10lbs in 21 days and look more ripped then ever before ... I 'm taking my week off and considering taking another cycle
 I have taken animal cuts for a while now and I love them ! It 's a great product that helps boost your weight loss along with working out . It works really well with animal pak too ! The thing that stands out about this product is that it not only boosts your metabolism as well as other things , but it also reduces your water weight which makes a noticable difference within the first week or so . I recommend it !
 I 'm a fan of Universal and pretty much anything that has the Animal brand on it . I 've used many of the products that they make -LRB- Pak , Stak , M-Stak , Test , Flex , Cuts , and PM -RRB- and had good things to say about all of them . This one is no exception . Two packs a day -LRB- conveniently wrapped in easily opened plastic envelopes -RRB- , each pack consisting of 8 pills -LRB- or so -RRB- . Pills are caplets , small enough to be easily swallowed . This is a thermogenic , energy , metabolic booster , and diuretic rolled into one.Buyer beware
 I 've been using Cuts for about a week and a half now and say that it has helped me lose about 4 lbs so far . I played offensive line in college and I 've now been out for about 3 years , my playing weight was around 275 , though this past year I fell off of working out and I have n't really gotten back into it until this past week . But when I got on the scale two weeks ago and it said 305.6 , I said I need to change my lifestyle , so I started watching what I was eating and looked for a supplement that would aid in my weight loss , Cuts has helped , at least from what I can tell so far . Right now I 'm hovering around the 300 mark and hoping to continue losing more weight.For the reviews that I 've read about how it has n't helped you lose any weight , there is no miracle supplement out there -LRB- outside of tapeworms -RRB- that will just shed the lbs right off . In reality you need to watch what you eat , workout and be active , Cuts is just something that will aid in the weight loss , not cause it , so do some sort of exercise , eat well and take this supplement , do n't just expect it to work .
 I have been taking this for a few days now and I can already see changes . While my weight has remained stable , I can see the fat melting away , even my wife has recognized the difference in my body makeup . I am doing a heavy weight lifting routine with zero cardio and my diet is very disciplined taking in whey protein and both pre-workout and post-workout supplements . While I am normally a coffee drinker , I quit when I started this , per the instructions . Read the directions ! More importantly , follow them . This stuff works .
 I liked these diet pills , in fact they worked very well for me . If you 're training for a marathon or are an endurance runner and want to get to 7 minute/mile runs , but ca n't because of the weight , then this is the product that you can use -LRB- very short term -RRB- to address the extra weight . Now I would only do 1 pack . Also , I do n't suggest taking this on an empty stomach , but rather with a strong breakfast , meaning right after it , and followed by ingesting at least 1 gallon of water throughout the day . This will help shed any cellulite and fat , getting you super cut and defined , also a good 2 hour cardio , at the least , and 1-2 hour weight regimen , works great . In other words , you have to be really into working out for this to work . I only did what was necessary to loose my last 7-10 pounds , and then got off them , so it was very short term . It did help my timing , I went from 8.30 minute/mile to 7 minute/mile . Plus I had very defined abs .
 I did n't take this product to burn fat as I do n't believe there is a product that can . I started using this product after 1 year of supplement free training . I hit a plateau once I reached 160 pounds & 10 % body fat and wanted more definition . Thats when I started taking Animal Cuts.At the end of my first cycle I went from looking defined , and in pretty good shape , to lean and cut . The definition in my arms and abs finally came through and whatever ` puffyness ' that was on my body melted away . I already had all that muscle when I started Cuts , it just was n't coming through . Animal Cuts helped me to take the next step to define and expose the lean muscle that I already had.Also , many people complain about all the pills that you have to take . To me , thats the BEST part about it ! You have the ability to pick and choose which pills you do or do not want to take . For example , if your body does n't respond well to caffeine or you are uncomfortable with the jittery feeling , then simply remove the caffeine portion of the pack!I think this product should only be used by people who are in a similar situation as me . If you still have to burn a few more pounds or gain a bit more muscle , then I would n't suggest this product . I do n't believe it will help you burn fat as much as cardio and steady diet will . But , if you 've reached you goals -LRB- weight and body fat % wise -RRB- and are ready to expose the muscle you 've worked hard for , then take Animal Cuts .
 HelloCuts is a very great product to use . There is a little bit of heart burn if you take it on a empty stomach . Have a shake or a little big of a snack if this happens to you . I bought the item and it arrive on time . The product was clean non open and up to date.I hope you will give a shot for a cycle and see what you think
 I tried this product twice and it really loses your weight !! I will totally buy again . and the transaction was awesome
 This is great supp to burn fat feel energized , gives you ton of energy on your workouts you feel like a beast . Honestly I started seeing results on 5th day.Like every morning I woke up and saw fat melting away well this was help of my diet and workout You will lose all the water weight you have in you.Some people pay 20-40 bucks for supps for water loss but this does it all.Fat burning energizing amazing product . Once again Universal done it again . I tried so many fat burners so far the best one.I 'm not affiliated with Universal but I tried all the Universal supps that why I 'm leaving reviews on them.I did 4 cycles of this stuff.just perfect for cutting cycle .
 The reason for 4 stars is , this product is great for loosing -LRB- maybe -RRB- 1-2lbs and water weight cause the diuretic really works . This product is good for loosing the said and getting cut on an already developed physique with minimal loss of muscle size . This is not good for loosing 5lbs or anything drastic .
 lost 8 pounds in 2 weeks witht his thing nothing changed in my diet just animal cuts ! thank you universal for a great product recomend to anyone who is seriouse about losing fat and dont want to burna hole in there wallet .
 for your information and action please i still not receive my item from 29 of may 2012 till date.please i have bodybuilding competition and i need my item as soon as
 i honestly dont know if they work but i didnt gain any weight watsover and i did see muscle increase but not my weight wich comes to yea i think these do help you burn fat cause i definitely did put some muscle mass on this month but my weight stayed da same and i do look more cut and toned i recommend this product !!!!!! would i buy again ? yess definitely i would and am !
 Shipped quickly , arrived quickly . Product is what you can expect from reading its info on other sites such as bodybuilding.com . Can cause nausea , as well as other symptons so be wary . Does get the job done tho .
 I have only been taking Animal products for about a year , but they are great , and Cuts is no exception . It gives me the strength I need for a hard workout , and also keeps me from feeling so hungry . It 's is a double edged sword when it comes to toning your body .
 This stuff is awesome , great level of energy , weight loss , and really helps with workouts . Do not hesitate to use this product , it delivers great results .
 around 6 pounds off in 3 weeks , Must workout -LRB- cardio and strength -RRB- while taking this and drink plenty of water !
 I bought Animal Cuts with the intention of shedding my Summer beer-gut . I already exercise about 5 days a week with heavy weights and moderate cardio . My diet is pretty clean . Animal Cuts was a nice replacement for coffee in the morning -- kept me energized . All in all , I did n't lose much weight - but I did n't have much to lose in the first place . I can tell it 's a quality product , and honestly I felt great when taking it . I 'm just on that stubborn last 5-10 lbs which is completely unrelated to water weight . The thermogenic helped a bit , but supplements can not replace a clean diet and hard work . If you 're about to get back into the gym , Animal Cuts is a great way to kick start your weight loss .
 Overall Great product ! I 've tried several thermogenics and this is by far the best . I do n't feel jittery , no anxiety , no stomachs aches , not too much `` rush '' . It suppresses my appetite extremely well ! It allows me to eat whenever I 'm ready . You will get the urge to urinate quite often if you do n't exclude the blue pills -LRB- but that 's what diuretics do -RRB- . The package gives you the choice to exclude certain pills if you want , which is another plus.If you 're looking to cut , I would definitely recommend these ! But do n't forget - YOU CA N'T SOLELY RELY ON THE PILLS ! You 'll just lose water-weight . . make sure your getting proper nutrition , rest , and exercise . THEN enjoy a mouthful of pills .
 It 's amazing , although I 'm on a strict diet too it makes me feel and look better . The only con it has is too many pills and I get too sweaty but it 's alright it worth it !
 There 's no such thing as getting results from doing nothing . This product is n't a substitute for hard work . However , this product WILL give you better results for the hard work you put in.If you can manage the sweatier workouts and the initial rush of the stimulants , this product is great for that extra boost in results .
 I was pumped to try this as it was a great price compared to in store pricing -LRB- 45.99 + tax -RRB- and because of the great reviews . . I realized after the first couple of days of taking the pills that they were literally making me sick . . like almost to the point of vomiting.I then found that if I ignore the instructions to take the pills 30 minutes before eating , that the feelings of nausea did n't happen . . Whether or not my results were affected negatively because of that I do n't know , but it was the only way I was able to continue taking the pills , so be aware.I 'm actually wondering if the nausea is part of the appetite supressant , like it triggers the same mechanism that makes you not want to eat . ?? Overall , I feel like I did have increased energy , and definately found the appetite supressant to help . Even though my diet was pretty clean during the week -LRB- only really splurging on the weekends -RRB- I did n't notice a huge difference in stomach fat reduction . But I did notice some , and my wife has even.commented a few times that she sees more definition.Also my wife noticed thay I was irritable while taking the pills ... Which I read in another review too.Honestly , by the end of the first cycle I was so ready to stop taking them . They just made me feel funny.I may research a little more what each pill does so that I can leave out the ones I feel are causing me issues before starting another cycle . . which I do plan on doing because of the definition improvement and weight loss -LRB- 4 lbs -RRB- Even though I had issues , I think they work , so I would recommend them .
 + + + BACKGROUNDJust a little info about myself
 Started journey at 214lbs 22 % bf . After first cycle of animal cuts I am 206lbs 14 % bf . This was with being very careful in my diet . Limiting carbs to 50g a day maximum and keeping fats under 15g a day and total calorie intake would be about 1700 . I spent hour on cardio 3 times a week burning 800 calories a shot -LRB- says my polar ft7 hrm which are very accurate -RRB- . I also lifted weight 3 times a week . Idk how much I owe to animal cuts but I do think it helped in regulating my metabolism and appetit suppression . Only down flaw is it did n't increase energy levels at all . I was still very tired even after taking this . I know it increased my core body temperature though because I sweat alot during cardio . Real lot !
 Ive been using this product on and off -LRB- one month with , another month or so without -RRB- and taking it as recommended on the label , twice a day 4-6 hrs in between . I must say i absolutely love it !! This product works for me and it pushes me every workout and training session . I know there are some that shy away from supplements such as this because of concern , as it is not recommended for those who have heart complications , but if you are generally healthy , and accompany this supplement with intense weight training/cardio and a good diet , you will most definitely see results as i have . My body fat % has dropped enough so that definition has started becoming noticable , and hopefully with one more cycle and consistent training , i WILL GET MY SIX PACK TO SHOW ! ;-RRB- i do recommend this product to athletes , and bodybuilders looking to further define their shape , and to those seeking a lower body fat % . Good luck to all who read this : -RRB-
 I lost 3.5 '' off of my waist in the 3 weeks I was on Animal Cuts . I could tell my body temp . was up . The only negative side effects were thirst -LRB- and associated frequent peeing -RRB- and my burps tasting like cayanne pepper . Oh , and I 'd get jittery if I took the morning dose and drank coffee but did n't eat - only made that mistake once.You wo n't lose weight just from popping the pills ; you have to exercise and reduce your portion sizes . If you do those two things , though , Animal Cuts will amplify your fat loss .
 I lost 7 lbs and more importantly 2 inches off my waist line . Added to my daily workout routine as always I use jack3d . This product is worth a shot knowing everybody is different . I recommend it with no reservations .
 This product does exactly what it says . It helps you lose weight and shows your cuts . It took me a few days to get use to this product . After 2 - 3 weeks I started noticing a difference and it made me work out harder and longer .
 I bought this product hoping it would work better than most ephedra free products and it does . I 've tried many ephedra free pills and they do n't work anything like the old Xenedrine , but these pills really do work at least for weight loss . They do n't give you that jittery feeling -LSB- which I like -RSB- or a lot of extra energy but you will see a noticeable amount of weight loss . I 'm ordering my second bottle and I 'm very happy with the results . Many family and friends have said I look alot thinner thanks in part to these pills . BUY THEM YOU WO N'T REGRET IT
 This is the best fat burner you 'll find in the market . I love the fact that animalpak took the hassle of separating the thermogenic complex , and the diuretic complex . So if you do not want to take either of those you remove the capsule . This is my second cycle on animal cuts , and i 've lost 4 pounds of fat ; i went from 190 to 186 ! -LRB- I 'm a lean guy , around 7-8 % body fat -RRB- . If you use this product correctly -LRB- correct diet and cardio -RRB- you WILL get results .
 I had really good results with this product . In the 3 week supply , I went from 192lbs to 183lbs which is usually difficult for me to do since I 'm relatively thin built . To be sure it was the product , I kept a pretty strict workout routine and diet a month prior to using it . I continued this same routine when I started the product and lost 9lbs . I continued to gain strength and did n't lose any of it during the 3 weeks . I did n't experience any bad side effects . At times , I could feel the thermogenic working as I felt like I was hot sometimes and I was using it during October where the weather was cool . I found myself going to the bathroom a lot . Both of these were expected since it 's considered a thermogenic and a diuretic . It 's a little tough to take 18 pills a day , but worth it if you 're looking to shed some weight in a short period of time . The flip side to the results I received is that my wife did n't experience the same gains . Instead , she experienced better results with Oxyelite Pro . So , I guess you have to try different things to see which works best for your body.My workouts included 3 days of circuit training and 3 days of weightlifting with 20 minutes of cardio afterwards . One day off .
 5 out of 5 because this stuff lives up to its name . I love the thermogenic effects and endurance it gives me in the gym and within 1wk . of 2pks/day I was noticing lines in my abs and shoulders that were n't there before . This is a great supplement if you 're looking stay lean . I am ordering my second can which will arrive during my 1 wk . break they recommend between cycles . I 've never used this sort of supplement before but have no desire to look to another product .
 I used this for my last competition and was very pleased . Appetite control was great and increase in metabolic rate was noticeable . I 'm very pleased , will use again !
 awesome product does what it says shed considerable unwanted pounds after one treatment . However had some side effects that 's not mentioned
 Does everything it says it will , only downside is how many capsules you have to take a day ... 16 I think
 You should see me now . Post Xmas and I am lean as ever . I did n't even need to work out ! Thank you Animal Cuts !
 I love Animal Products ... excellent workout booster and phenominal fat cutter . Highly recommended for the average Joe to hardcore body builders .
 First thing is this stuff works pretty good . It takes two packets for the best results , but you definitely feel the energy hit you within about 20 minutes of taking them . So , effectiveness is not an issue . They work . They work well.The problem is that you are spending around 30 bucks for less than a month 's supply . I do n't take energy boosters year round but I am usually taking something so for that amount of money , it is just not very realistic for someone with a budget to buy these too often . But it is always good to switch things up anyways so your body does n't adapt.I am taking a green tea extract and yohimbine coffee combo right now , Yohimbine HCL 90 Capsules + Green Tea Extract 60 Capsules With FREE Pure Caffeine Powder 25 Grams . It gives me the same type of powerful energy kick that the Cuts gives me but is also half the price as well as lasts two times longer . You take those two with just a little but of caffeine and you 'll be flying high all the way to the gym and back again.It just comes down to continuing to mix things up like I said , do n't ever let that body figure out what your doing and you can continue to shock it and get the best results possible .
 Bottom line
 I really thought this product was great . It did what it was marketed to do and had very little side-effects . Other products I have taken that contain diuretics have made me almost miserable . I drink a gallon of water a day , and my schedule forces me to work out at night . Given the mass volumes of water I take in at the gym , and throw in a diuretic , and I was up peeing LITERALLY every 15-20 minutes the first two hours after going to bed . This was not the case with Animal Cuts . It did make me pee more , but not to the point of being a nuisance . You will want to drink a lot more water with this product.I 've read a lot about dramatically increased sweating . While I do feel `` warmer '' it 's not at all unpleasant , and I only sweat more during situations that would make me sweat in the first place anyways . In other words , sitting in my air conditioned office did n't make me sweat . Running outside , I did sweat considerably more . But there was no body odor or anything , nor sweating through my dress shirts . I 'm not a naturally sweaty guy , so maybe if you struggle with heavy perspiration , you may want to be careful.It had some great effects in other fields , actually . Maybe it was a placebo , but I find myself more focused on my projects at work while I 'm taking this . Less `` ADD-like '' . This is a definite perk . During seminars and meetings , I was less likely to zone out or get bored . I was firing out solutions like a pro . I 've never been a big caffeine drinker , so maybe it was just the caffeine-high , but I definitely enjoyed it.Of course , the assistance in working out was great . It will work better for those of you who work out in the morning , but since I work out around 9:00 PM , Animal Cuts is basically out of my system . However , with my busy schedule , without this product I would be crashing by 9:00 , so it still was great.The side-effects while on the product were n't bad . The first time I took it , the appetite suppressant hit so hard I could n't even finish a small bowl of oatmeal . After that , though , it was just a great curb . I no longer crave the cookies my co-workers bring in , and my normally insatiable appetite is at a healthy limit now . Only time it gets bad is at night . After my post-workout meal , and about an hour before bed , Animal Cuts is completely out of my system and I am famished . I have to chug a protein shake or just go to bed to keep myself from making a second dinner.There is also the occasional heart burn . I can literally tell once it is kicking in , because I feel a sensation similar to slight acid reflux in my belly . This fades quickly , and never caused much discomfort . I honestly strangely appreciated the sensation . Products like Lipo 6x , I never felt anything at all , so I could n't tell if it was working or not . This let me know that the product was kicking in , and this helped me psychologically as well . The only time it got bad was when I had a lot of spicy foods with it , then my heart burn was pretty bad.The worst side-effect was AFTER taking it . At the end of my 3 week cycle , I took one week off as recommended . I nearly crashed . I was yawning all day every day . My workouts were a struggle . I was sleeping 10-12 hours a night . It was n't pretty . Maybe it was a coincidence and I was just having a rough week , but I think it was coming down off the `` high '' of Animal Cuts.It is a lot of pills . It never bothered me at all , since they are pre-packed . They have some sweetener coated on them , though , that made me gag a bit . My cupboard actually smells like them , and that smell makes me a bit uneasy , probably from the association . I would prefer just plan pills . I 'm not 8 years old , I do n't need candy coating to take pills.One issue I had is one I have with all thermogenics . The 30 minutes before you eat rule is a bit of a drag . It means I ca n't wake up and just eat breakfast and get ready for work . It also means if I want to take animal cuts before a run in the morning , I have to wake up 30 minutes before my run , or skip eating a meal and run on an empty stomach . Not a big deal , just a nuisance.So this review is a bit unorganized , but those are my thoughts on Animal Cuts . I will continue to use it , as it really made other products -LRB- Hydroxycut , I 'm looking at you -RRB- look like amateur stuff . I never suffered insomnia on the product , and it was a great pick me up in the morning.Also , if I see you post `` My diet kind of sucked when I took this ... I did n't lose anything '' I will hunt you down and punt you . This is n't a diet pill . It works with your body . It gives you 25 % , you have to do the other 75 % .
 I rated this item 4 stars simply because of the stomach issues that occur during the first few days of the cycle . It 's not THAT bad , completely tolerable - I just felt a little nauseous -LRB- not enough to feel like I 'm actually going to vomit , but good enough to where I do n't want to eat a single thing that day -RRB- . So , I guess that does help in the appetite suppressant department ! Joking aside , this product is solid . I really like it , and it will be my number one choice for a while now . It gives me great energy without jitters or sleeping problems . The diuretic is gentle yet effective . I 've noticed that I do n't have to urinate more often , it 's just when I do , it 's much more than normal . My advice would be to drink lots of water as well -LRB- a no brainer with any supplement especially on gym days ! -RRB- . I 'll also add that I 'm a 22 year old female , healthy , and my goal is to cut fat , build some more muscle , and most of all tone up . & I feel that this product is GREAT for similar goals , and definitely even for those who are much more hardcore than I am when it comes to hitting the weights ! Give it a try .
 I 've been weightlifting for several years now and had n't really focused on body fat reduction till a couple of months ago . So I had a good 15-20 lbs of extra fat on me . I had tried going low carb before to see if it would help cut body fat , but did n't to a `` cutting phase '' like a lot of other body builders . Low carb -LRB- < 150g per day -RRB- worked a little but I got MUCH better results with CUTS in the mix.My Routine IS
 I noticed some differences . Increased energy at the gym and overall weightloss without really altering my diet . Would buy again . Probably right now .
 shipping was fast , it came in good condition no dents or cracks and the product is great i 'm not a body builder but i am a license trainer and this product is amazing it wont give you magic result but if you put time and effort and add it to a good lean diet then this product is amazing , me eating 1800 cal a day and i weight 145 pounds and 5,7 height it made me loose 10 pound and not water weight but real fat and that to me is a great achievement in my book . . I took this supplement 12 pm and 4 pm . It gave me great energy and i could feel the burn and i did n't crash or stay up all night which was a plus ... I do n't recommend this product to every one but those people who go to the gym 4 to 6 times a week and you know your loosing weight but you just feel like you can have a boost this a great product for you but you must follow all instruction.I can honestly say this product is like clenbuterol which is a steroid that i don `` t recommend anyone to take unless you are a experienced body builder or professional athlete that has a team of doctor monitoring you on a weekly basic - but short story is this product is a lot like it but it is natural and does n't give you no where near the same side affects and its legal in the united states.How they are similar they both raise your body tempter what makes you burn more calories and they both give you a great boost of energy that is very important in working out also they both help you shed water weight for those body builder who want to lean up before a show or for those athletes want to increase you stamina and body lean ratio . . it dose not do miracles but if you a have a good lean diet and you work out 20 to 45 minutes in a gym i can promise you this product will work and you will loose and feel skinnier.one of the cons that i did n't like was the heart burn when i took the second dose , it gave me a little heart burn which was n't terrible but which i thought its was a little annoying also there so many pills i felt like i was a drug addict for the day lol and it made me a little gassyIf you need any advice or any question please msg me on my email bodyhealth0478@gmail.com and i will gladly help you with any question and give you advice for product that will really will work that helps you loose weight or build mass . . also i will not help you get steroid ... i can give you advice for your own health but i do not help any one get steroids or point them in any sort of direction to get them thank you for reading my review and have a nice day
 After doing a good deal of research on assisted supplements , I decided to choose this based on the good things I heard about this in forums . Now of course , one must use common sense , it does have caffeine in it but that is not its foundation . Best time to take this is in the morning -LRB- or when you wake up -RRB- then the next pack 4-5 hours later . Of course you do not want to take it late at night.More importantly , the product works . I previously used mri black powder with my workouts but took a break from it as I did n't want to over supplement myself . With this product , you will want to drink plenty of water , and do n't expect it to be a magic pill . I used this with my normal workouts , and even on non-workout days , the results are showing and my body fat level has decreased 2 % from previous level leaving me at about 8 % body fat -LRB- considered very lean -RRB- , regardless I am still on my last week of it , so I have not finished . It is 9 pills per pack , which is only the slighest hassle , no big deal . It gives good energy and no crashes . It does contain caffeine , but the more important ingredients are in the thyroid complex as well as the green tea extract.Animal cuts tackles the problem from all angles , not just a few . Read about it , and especially the label , and learn for yourself !
 Animal Cuts is not rocket science .1 . When used properly , with a healthy diet , this will work . If anyone believes in a miracle pill , stay wishing .2 . Heartburn was a side effect for me , BUT , there is a pill to take for that also .3 . If you want six-pack abs , research online for the truth . Hugo Rivera , `` How to Get Nice Abs '' gives the average for men at around 6-8 percent body fat . That means diet and exercise .4 . Green Tea , YEAH ! 5 . One months supply for a reasonable price .6 . I have completed 10 cycles of Animal Cuts . I can lose the abdominal fat I gained from bulking with this product .7 . Stay away from stimulants while cycling on this product -LRB- i.e. caffeine , other diet pills , and / or energy drinks -RRB- .8 . Stay hydrated .4 stars for a 4 star product . -LSB- &#8230; -RSB-
 I have used this product a few times . I find it helps with hunger pains while trying to cut . A lot of the weight loss will be from water loss , so it 's mostly aesthetic , but I do notice a change after a 21 day cycle .
 this supplement is great - the caffine . i actually noticed a small change after taking two serving then working out when i woke up i noticed alot of water weight removed product works the only side effect is sleep irritation and a euphoric type of feeling . all and all i will be buying more .
 This one worked for me - boosts energy and burns fat . I take a cycle every once in awhile to get past the wall . Compared to the others -LRB- oxyelite and lipo 6 -RRB- it is a much better product . It 's not as good as the old hydroxycut , but i guess it got banned for a reason ...
 One of the best supplements I have ever tried for cutting . It has everything you need for a cutting cycle , all in one convenient pack . For me it is a little difficult having to take so many pills at once , but that is common for the Universal brand . I will definitely taking this product again after the holidays are over .
 Like other reviewers mention , this product works really well if you follow the instructions . The main one being the amount of water to drink while on these supplements -LRB- I carry a little half gallon jug of water with me through out the day -RRB- . I 'm did n't really notice the effects when looking in the mirror but after wk 4 , my scale showed that I had dropped 4 lbs . I 'm not sure how much of this was due to Animal cuts but I do believe it helped.As far as the actual pills go ... they are a little larger than average . As others have mentioned , they do contain caffeine and as such , did kind of make me a little jittery at first but my body adjusted after a week or so . Also , I love it 's thermal effects . After a week , it feel like my internal temp . was a furnace , working away . I 've recently cycled off these -LRB- as is suggested -RRB- but am about ready to get back on . I got 4 star rating for the size of the pills -LRB- one in particular is the size of a horse pill : / .
 Great Product , used daily . Enjoy products from this company . I will buy products from this company based on their proven track record in the muscle building industry .
 With one 3-week cycle down -LRB- which is one canister -RRB- , I have been very happy with the performance of Animal Cuts!As I have read in past reviews before I purchased Cuts , this stuff will make you sweat your butt off . I work in a grocery store seafood dept , and as cold as it gets back there I found myself sweating at work ! Never happened before . As long as you drink plenty of water and put in the work , you will reap the benefits with this supp .
 I have not previously taken supplements and was recommended this product . Since I was new to supplements I eased my way in , taking just 1 pack a day for the first week . I believe it says that as an option on the label also . I took this product while doing almost only high intensity cardio . I went through one cycle and it was a great way to jumpstart a weight loss plan . Went from 220 to 205 . The one negative I did notice was it caused mood swings for me , probably because I never have caffeine . But I only noticed that when I took it after workouts , caused me to be on edge probably because I wasnt moving around enough.Other than that one downfall this was a great product that showed results for me .
 Work out , eat right and this product will really help you cut down . Used it once and was really satisfied with the results . Do not take the second dose after 12 or so because you might experience some difficulty sleeping . Overall , great product . Ca n't wait to try it again .
 I tried with Acai before and it did not work for me.I switched to Animal Pak Cuts and this one works awesome since day 1 ! I do not feel bloated anymore , and when I 'm working out , I feel the thermo thing working.There is one big con
 first of all , this is one of the best products ive ever used . i hadda lose about 20lbs to make weight for the army -LRB- going from 184 to 163 -RRB- after using this product for about 3 months or so with nothing more than i usually did for working out , i cut pure fat to about 150 and now going back up with muscle . I buy this every single month . LOVE IT
 I do n't take this product to help make muscle or anything related to working out . But I HIGHLY RECCOMEND this product for gaining energy to either working out or just getting through the day . It also helps curb hunger.So this product has me hooked !
 I am extremely impressed with this product . I have tried other fat burners , but none have been this satisfying . It done the job without jittery feelings and no decrease in strength . It was very impressive and I would highly recommend it to anyone wanting to shed some body fat !
 This is my first time using Animal Cuts . I am on day 4 , and I have to say I am quite impressed . At first the side effects I experienced were fairly discouraging . But I did not give up on this product quite yet , I went online and searched for reviews and user opinions . After a few hours of research , I discovered that when I thought i was drinking enough water , I was n't . When I wake up in the morning , before I take the pack , I will drink at least 10-12 ounces of water minimally , immediately following taking the first pack of the day I will drink the rest of the bottle of water -LRB- usually about another 10-12 ounces -RRB- . Throughout my workout and rest of the day I am continually drinking water , and lots of it . Before I take the second pack of the day I drink almost a full bottle of water again . About 30 minutes following taking the second pack I will try to eat lunch . Since using this routine I have had no adverse effects from this product.On day 4 I am very impressed with this product , and will definitely use it again . I have already noticed a difference not only in how I look -LRB- might be in my head but I see something -RRB- and the intensity of my workout , I am pushing more weight , for more reps , and for a longer time .
 Do n't expect to gobble lousy food , do no workout and these pills will magically make you skinny ! I have been taking this for a few days now and I can already see changes . While my weight has remained stable , I can see the fat melting away , even my wife has recognized the difference in my body makeup . I am doing a heavy weight lifting routine with zero cardio and my diet is very disciplined taking in whey protein and both pre-workout and post-workout supplements . While I am normally a coffee drinker , I quit when I started this , per the instructions . Read the directions ! More importantly , follow them . This stuff works .
 it was exactly what he wanted and a great quality product , brand new and sealed :-RRB- DEFINATELY reccomended !
 I can not believe that this stuff actually works i have tried a couple of supplement with no change or response to my weight but after only days i ` am seeing a change an i havent been working out that much '' bad weather here '' an have just stayed on my smaller portions diet . I ` am so amazed i dont usually even write reviews .
 Animal cuts is a good product . I 'm almost done using the profuct . It has helped with the weight loss and hope to purchase another set soon . Good prove and fast shipping .
 I did n't quite see the benefits I expected but I love the Animal products . These may work better for you . They are definitely worth a try .
 Many people will probably think this product is magic . It is n't , but it does help . I use it during cutting phases , but I do not take it over a 3 week period . I use it when I want to cut my appetite . What this product does for me is : - Cuts appetite-Increased focus-Increases motivation to work outThis product makes you feel a lot like an adderall would , and I 've actually used it to help me complete school work , as well as dieting . Good product , worth the money . Its a lot of pills , but its not even that bad . I recommend this product , but you still have to work out and eat healthy to lose weight . It just makes the diet and exercise process easier .
 Great product for bodybuilders If anyone have a problem with little chest pain or similar to that I will suggest take out the red pill or take half red pill for 6days than full red pill after ... now I am going to tell you some good stuff that you should be taking with this it 's call TaiChiGreen search in Google try it you will love it I love doing weight lifting but my BMI was not going down until I start these two product my BMI was 24 within in 8weeks and 4 days drop to 17 ... without healthy diet ... right now I am taking cuts APE and Taichigree Tea.thx
 Ive been taking this stuff for a consistent 2 years now and it never fails to please . The pills may cause warming sensation in the midsection , and it definitely is an appetite buster . Sometimes if I take it on an empty stomach I feel nauseated but never throw up .
 This is a great product , it has done everything I hoped it would and more . I do n't usually try supplements like these , I pretty much just stick to whey protein after a workout to help my muscles recover but I decided to try this product because a friend of mine used it and I did see results in him . My only qualm with this product is that I had n't started using it earlier . Highly recommend this product .
 This is a great stack to use ! Must be part of a healthy diet and workout program , but if used correctly will assist you in losing fat and inches . I have knocked off nearly 20 pounds since Christmas and hope to get another 20 by summer !
 I have been using the Animal Cuts for about 2 months now and as a part of my regiment attending the gym 4 times weekly , I am seeing great results , especially in regards to my body 's water weight . I have energy from the product and take it twice daily , not hesitating to take it on an empty stomach because the pills are small and never upset my stomach whatsoever . I would recommend the product to any person looking to lose weight as part of a workout/diet regiment .
 More importantly , the product works . I previously used mri black powder with my workouts but took a break from it as I did n't want to over supplement myself . With this product , you will want to drink plenty of water , and do n't expect it to be a magic pill . I used this with my normal workouts , and even on non-workout days , the results are showing and my body fat level has decreased 2 % from previous level leaving me at about 8 % body fat -LRB- considered very lean -RRB- , regardless I am still on my last week of it , so I have not finished . It is 9 pills per pack , which is only the slighest hassle , no big deal . It gives good energy and no crashes . It does contain caffeine , but the more important ingredients are in the thyroid complex as well as the green tea extract .
 while taking these I felt tight and lost about 5 lbs . with no lost strength .
 I am on my first cycle with Animal Cuts , and have had great results so far!My workouts are three times what they normally are without these supplements . I have increased energy , more stamina and feel fantastic when my workout is over . I have felt no caffeine crash , ` jitters ' , mood swings , or any other negative side effects . The diuretics in this will make you go to the bathroom more often , which is the job of diuretics - fine as long as you keep VERY hydrated ! I will note that I am only taking one dose per day , when the directions and most serious bodybuilders take two . This is my first fat burner , so I plan on taking my time . I am not male nor a bodybuilder , so I 'm not supplementing like one.This is an addition to a regular workout regimen and healthy diet . Please do n't knock this stuff if you are n't doing anything else to lose body fat . It 's common sense that magic pills do n't exist , but so far it 's a wonderful addition for me ! Two thumbs up !
 I have cycled with this product several times over the past few years and it always seems to deliver . It is not a miracle in a can ... Hard work and a clean diet are still required but if you have those in check you will see progress with this product .
 These suppliments work to help peel off pounds and water weight . As part of a balanced diet and exercise regimin , the Animal Cuts suppliment will help improve your definition .
 For last three years i have been using different products to lose weight and honestly animal cuts was the best .
 Two years ago I put myself on a mission to lose the large amount of weight that I gained from an accident . I really believe that this stuff helped me I was 100 % dedicated to me routine and tool these every day and within 2 1/2 months I went from 287 to 204 They are a great tool to assist you in getting that energy and motivation you need to keep going at it
 When taking these , get ready to be amped up . I took these as directed , good product , definitely wakes you up and gets you going . I did lose a little weight while taking these , but by no means is this a miracle pill -LRB- which I knew before taking -RRB- . But it gives you extra energy and if you eat right and do cardio , you can really shed weight . I am not a caffine drinker , or soda drinker , just milk and water and when taking these , they hit me hard with energy , even made me a little jittery . When I stopped taking these , I went through caffine withdrawl . Terrible headaches , did not feel well for about 3 to 4 days after . It felt like a bad hangover for 4 days . To avoid this , I suggest coming off slowly , reducing to one pack a day , and then one every other day so your body can get used to not having tons of caffine in it all the time . Other than that , it was great , will probably take again in the future .
 What you see is what you get , great product , the same as in the detail , I recommend this Item to everyone .
 I tried this product a while ago -LRB- with my usual diet/exercise - nothing extra -RRB- . While it did work - I lost 2 lbs in one week -LRB- only want to lose 10lbs -RRB- it gave me a really nervous/jittery feeling . I stopped taking it after one week because of this . I 'm not a big caffeine person , so this is probably why . It did give me extra energy for my workouts , and I never had any problems sleeping -LRB- I also made sure not to take it near bed time -RRB- . I still have the rest and am considering trying it again for a week or two to see how it goes . The amount of pills you have to take was kind of annoying , especially since I have problems swallowing pills sometimes , but it really is a small thing to put up with for the results.It really does seem like a great product , but I guess it depends on how many potential side effects you can deal with .
 delivery was fast . product is the same as you will find in the stores and a better price . will order again .
 If you are looking for a product that will curb your appetite , this is it . This is my second can of Animal Cuts . The first was tablets , where these are capsules . I felt the tablets were better at curbing the appetite , but made me feel a little shakey . That being said , the capsules still work better then other things I 've tried . These mixed with a good exercise program are tools to having a great body .
 i really satisfied with the results . in 2 weeks i seen amazing changes on my skin more thight and also my abs . i will buy again another bottle .
 I ordered this product and it arrived promptly -LRB- as soon as I had aggregate orders over $ 25 under Amazon 's add-on program for inexpensive items -RRB- . The pump seems as if it were specifically made for the Biotone gallon Advanced Therapy Massage Lotion that I use . The intake hose and the spout are just the right length , and the lotion came out after only a few initial pumps to prime the line . I 've only used it to fill up a smaller Biotone container one time , and so I ca n't comment on how long this pump will last -- hopefully indefinitely.The remainder of my comments do not specifically apply to this pump or even to this specific lotion , but to any thick lotion and any gallon jug . I first bought the gallon jug -LRB- without pump -RRB- and tried unsuccessfully to pour it into the 8 ounce dispensing container that I use -LRB- which happens to be the Biotone 8 ounce container of the same lotion -RRB- . It did n't work -- too thick , air bubbles , lotion oozing out and down the neck and sides of the small container , etc. -LRB- herein called a `` Mess '' -RRB- . So I tried a funnel . Still a Mess . So I put the gallon jug in a tub of very hot water and hoped the lotion would thin out over the next 30-60 minutes or so from the heat . Nope . Still a Mess . So I looked up pumps on Amazon . I found several types where customers complained that the intake hose was too short , or too small in diameter for a thick lotion , or whatever . So I ordered the Biotone pump . It works fine , but it still takes practice to avoid some tendency towards a Mess.Even though the pump works fine , you still have thick , goopy , lotion going into a small bottle neck . If you do n't keep the spout well down into the small bottle -LRB- or maybe no matter what you do -RRB- , lotion will create an air bubble while filling and start to overflow even though the small bottle is not full . It 's still a goopy process . But I think I see how to do it neatly . It 's not the fault of the pump , and it will just take a little practice on what works for you .
 This is a good quality pump . It has lasted several bottles since my purchase and it 's easy to clean . I am still using it .
 The pump arrived on time as indicated and is in good working condition . I purchase the gallon size of Biotone gel and the pump is the best way to transfer the gel into a smaller , handier size container to use during a massage .
 Not much to say about this product . I wanted the pump to put on the top of my gallon of massage lotion , ordered this and it came in . Works great . Perfect for what I needed .
 Good seller , arrived on time and works . I accidentally ordered a half gallon bottle and the pump still works fine .
 This carpet cleaner is great for quick clean-ups . It gets the crumbs and lint off my area rug in dining room when I want to do a quick clean up in between regular vacuuming chores . Only major complaint is that the handle is two-pieces and comes apart easily , so you have to lift the sweeper from the bottom of the handle .
 This did just as well as I remember my grandmother 's large Bissel for a quick clean of carpet . Thank you very much .
 Small manual floor sweeper - just what we wanted . Works fine so far .
 I love this carpet sweeper , good on bare floors too . I have a dog who sheds like crazy and it picks it up on all surfaces . The only down side is the handle does n't screw on , it just pushes on and will come off sometimes while you 're cleaning . It pushes right back on and you could probably glue it to keep it secure .
 Great Sweeper . Light , easy for use . Had before and got 2 more now . I recommended to all my family .
 this carpet sweeper is ideal for quick jobs and small spaces , I find myself using it more and more , it 's quiet and easy to use and makes cleaning up a breeze . Now I would n't want to be without it . The price is right too .
 I was unable to find the hand push Bissell in any stores . Thank goodness for on-line shopping ! I have used a Bissel for years . They are the best at a quick , quiet clean up ... especially if you have animals -LRB- 2 cats & a dog -RRB- that shed ! I use it on top of my bedspread & on the furniture seats where my cats take their 23 of 24 hour naps . It works great & I have not died from any germs!One problem is getting the handle to stay together ... McGyver -LRB- duct tape -RRB- to the rescue .
 This sweeper , on a scale of 1-10 , is a ten + It replaced a Fuller Brush , and is head & shoulders in quality and effectiveness .
 i enjoy the bissel sweeper very much it pick up dirt very well i have 2 kids in & out all the time and they track dirt in . i use it in between vacuming i like it cause i can use on small dirt insstead of dragging my vaccum out
 Sturdy , quick , efficient and uses no electricity or dreaded batteries ! We have a powerful central vacuum , several a/c vacuums and several irobot -LRB- battery powered -RRB- , vacuums . My wife would forsake them all for her Bissell push sweeper . She is now buying them for gifts . It really is handy and does a great job . It gets into the carpet nap better than you would expect . I would not recommend using this for a whole house or very large areas , but for spot , area and quick cleaning , it 's great . Well built and fairly priced too .
 I had a previous model for 15 years . This one is much better . The catch pans fell out of the older model . This one is easier to empty and overall much better . Cleans both carpet AND bare floors well for in-between vacuuming .
 I purchased this as a gift for my mother-in-law because her original bissell broke after many years of use.She was very thrilled and said it works great . They are very hard to find where I live and Amazon had thebest price .
 After reading so many reviews about the handle , I was nervous . But , as clearly instructed on the package , my husband struck the handle and it has been bomb proof . Kids ages 18 months , 5 and 9 have been able to use it -LRB- roughly at times -RRB- with no problem with the handle.I have to admit , that I was trying to replace my super-old Orek sweeper that they just do n't make any more ... I thought . I tried the expensive -LRB- $ 70 + dollar -RRB- sweeper with rubber fins instead of a brush and it worked great on my carpet , but not on the hardwood or tile . So , I tried this one.It works great . I could see where you may want to go with the dual brushes if you have the space , but we do n't . Also , this design is EXACTLY like my old Orek . And it is made out of ... ta da ... metal . The metal makes it heavy enough to pick up without applying pressure.It does take a little while for the plastic where the handle connects to the body to relax -LRB- a couple of weeks of careful use -RRB- so that it does n't scrape wood floors , but I was vigilant for the first few uses and now it is fine.Keep that brush comb as well -LRB- maybe somewhere other than the handle of the sweeper , so it does n't get knocked off -RRB- . It really keeps the brush looking and working like new.I 've had this for several months and would recommend it for someone who wants to do quick kid/pet clean up on multiple types of floors .
 My Mom is n't able to use an electric sweeper without problems , due to her age and disabilities , so I purchased this for her . It picks up amazingly well for something so small and compact .
 I have to do this ... I have had this sweeper since April ; and I am still IN LOVE with it ! I ordered it just for the ` helluvit ' because I could not find a good , cheap vacuum for my nasty pseudo hardwood floors and outdoor rug . I figured for $ 24.00 I could n't go too far wrong . The handle was a challenge ... -LRB- I never did see any directions -RRB- but I finally just ` hammered ' it into the sweeper ... and believe me , it is in there for good . This little sweeper has paid for itself to times over . . I ca n't believe how well it picks up ON THE RUG ; it 's very true that it does not do well at all on the hard floors , or lino . but , again , for $ 24 it 's worth it ... I go over the indoor/outdoor rug every 2-3 days , and I am amazed at the cat hair it picks up , cat hair I do n't see at all . -LRB- dark patterned rug , gray cat -RRB- and my little area rugs as well . I just put them on the bigger rug , so they do n't slide.I 'm going to order a new one , with dual brushes ... for two reason , 1 . because I read that the brushes can be removed , -LRB- mine ca n't -RRB- 2 . because something this inexpensive , and this all around GOOD , I 'm afraid might disappear . Hurray for the Bissell Sturdy Sweeper ! Let me add this
 For $ 24 this carpet sweeper is a steal in my opinion . Come on ! People spend that much on dinner at a restaurant ! I have only had it for a couple of weeks , but I am already convinced that it is fantastic.You DO have to spend some time cleaning it out pretty often . I was shocked to see that it had picked up a LOT of my own hair , which is rather long and twisted round and round the brush . What amazes me even more is that just before I discovered that it was literally packed with my hairs , it was STILL cleaning and picking up stuff just a few minutes before . How does it do that ?! Amazing.If you have longer hair like me -LRB- mine is probably 12-16 '' long -RRB- it is a bit of a hassle removing the hairs from the roller . Best to remove the roller entirely from the bottom of the pan and use scissors to cut a lot of the hairs.I am very glad that I read a lot of reviews before purchasing this carpet cleaner ; thus , I knew the importance of using a hammer to connect the pieces of the handle before screwing onto the bottom portion so that the handle would not fall apart.If you do n't mind cleaning the brush of the sweeper -- and frequently -- I think you will probably like this sweeper as much as I do . I did not want a vacuum cleaner because I have no place to put a vacuum cleaner without it being visible at all times . This little sweeper can handily fit in a pantry or under the bed and is perfect for my needs . I do n't bother sweeping the kitchen floor with it -LRB- for that I use a small broom -RRB- . I think it works best on low-pile carpet only .
 I 've been very pleased with how well this sweeps my tile and laminate floors . It 's also great for area rugs , which can be difficult to vacuum because the edges get sucked up . On carpet , I would say it will not replace a vacuum , but is handy for touch-ups if your mother-in-law is coming over in 10 minutes , etc. . In addition to the usual dust and hair , it 's especially great for picking up small pebbles we track in from outside , bits of my cat 's dry food , and crumbs on the floor from preparing food . I used to use Swiffer dry mops , but they just push larger debris around rather than picking it up . Emptying out the dirt is extremely easy , and the only maintenance necessary is occasionally picking string and hair out of the brushes . The handle is badly designed to fall apart easily , but we just rammed it together as hard as possible and then duct taped it , and have had no trouble with it since . It may look a little bit ghetto , but it works ! The only real drawback with this sweeper is that there is about a 1-2 inch margin that it can not reach around the edges of the floor . Usually by the time that area becomes dirty , it 's time for a wet mop or deep vacuum anyway , so I am not too bothered by this problem .
 I bought the Leifheit Rotaro Carpet Sweeper - 11410 for about $ 58 , and the Bissell Sturdy Sweep Sweeper , 2402B for about $ 24 , in November 2010 . Both are hand powered sweepers that do not use electricity or batteries.The Leifheit is a great sweeper , the rotating side brushes do a good job sweeping edges , and the dust pan is easy to clean . It has an adjustable brush height . The handle pieces screw together . But it is big , obviously not as big as my electric , canister vacuum cleaner , but noticeably bigger than the Bissel , and over twice the price.The Bissel is a good sweeper , not as good as the Leifheit , and the dust pan is a little clumsier . Agree w another reviewer who noted the edge brushes do n't do much . The handle pieces slide into each other and are held together by friction , which some previous reviewers disliked . My husband jammed them together tight and if they come apart , he will put a screw into them . I do n't think that will be a problem.Both are made primarily of metal , and so I think both will be sturdy . I kept them both . The Leifheit is for the house . It is perfect for quick jobs when I do n't want to drag out the vacuum cleaner . The Bissel is for an off-the-grid travel trailer , which did not have room to store the larger Leifheit . The Bissel replaces a Swiffer carpet flick , which required those disposable sticky cards , which were expensive , and have since been discontinued.Very satisfied with both purchases .
 UPDATE
 I bought this sweeper to sweep my basement carpet , which is dark in color and shows every bit of fuzz . It does a reasonable job cleaning , transforming my carpet from `` Does she ever vacuum ? '' to `` Oh , she must have vacuumed yesterday '' . It does n't get all the fuzz and crumbs , but it does what I 'd expect from a sweeper . It is also much lighter than my vacuum , so I 'm much more likely to use it.My three-year-old daughter enjoys using it too . She insists on sweeping her own room -LRB- I wo n't complain -RRB- . The main thing I 've learned is that , because the handle slides together , it will not consistently support the weight of the sweeper head . This means that if you pick it up or suspend it by the top of the handle , the sweeper will probably fall off , so pick it up near the sweeper . -LRB- It stays together fine when actually sweeping . -RRB-
 This is an awesome product to have in an apartment ! I am a college student and do not particularly enjoy cleaning . But with this BISSELL sweeper , you do n't have to plug it in or worry about the sound at all . It 's perfect because it works on both carpets and wood floors , so only one unit is needed for both surfaces ! Definitely worth buying !
 I love it because it is easy and quick . My daughter asked how to plug it in . It 's funny because we assume you need suction to pick up dirt and debris . The only problem I have is that the metal handle comes apart from time to time . It 's weird that they did n't make a little hole and pop out button or something to keep it together . I am going to try to just glue the pieces . I have two toddlers , so there are always cheerios and messes everywhere and it 's nice not to worry about plugging it in .
 My son is terrified of the vacuum so I had to purchase this . It is absolutely the best purchase I have made in some time . It picks up finger food with ease , paper in a snap , just about any mess a toddler can make it can handle ; A wise purchase at our house . The Swiffer products are harmful to small children and pets , plus you have to refill them , this you do not , just dump and store .
 This sweeper is exactly what one would expect for $ 24 . It does a fairly good job of picking up pieces of things , though is n't a choice option for things like pet hair -LRB- unless you really want a workout . -RRB- Also , it 's best for smoother rug textures.Why do I own this ? My toddler is scared of the vacuum , yet scatters Cheerios liberally across the carpet . This lets me get the worst of the mess while she 's awake so less gets ground in . Also , the handle comes in 4 slide-together sections . We 're currently using only 2 sections so that my daughter can `` help '' as the mood hits . So far , so good ! I give this 4 stars because , like most things , it works ~ slightly ~ less well than one might wish .
 Much smaller than what I remember around my house when I was a kid but given that , I must say this little thing really works . I do n't have to drag out the big electric vacume nearly as much . I love it .
 I was expecting a larger base to cover a bigger area . I should have looked at dimensions more closely.Other than that , I 'm very satisfied and know it will work fine .
 We use this Sweeper at work where we usually open ceiling tiles and all the dust and `` crumbs '' of those tiles fall onto the carpet . This product does an excellent job of cleaning that debris up without the use of loud , heavy and often times frustrating vacuums that you need to find a power outlet for . This product has been a convenient life saver for us and shortens our clean up time significantly.My only gripe is that its quite smaller than the industrial sized Huskee brand sweepers we see some of the janitors use . Its about 2/3 the size of those but it still works quite well . Also , I had to tape the detachable handle poles together so they would n't come apart.It does ok on hard floors but its great on carpet .
 I have used tnese sweepers many times in work environments in the past . They work just as well now as they did before . However , I would n't recommend cheaper plastic models . This model is excellent .
 This sweeper was chosen by the long-time reputation of the Bissell brand and the need to pick up cracker crumbs from the carpet . The unit is light-weight , easy to store , a cinch to empty but most important , performed as expected . Highly reccommend it over a vacuum for quick clean-ups .
 We were tired of lugging out our vacuum cleaner to get crumbs and dust off the carpet in our dining/kitchen area . The sweeper does the job almost as well . The same is true for bare floors . The sweeper does need emptying after almost every sweep or else will not do the job so well . Others have mentioned the handle sections separating . This happened to us but since we used a hammer to bang them into each other , we have n't had a problem . Added bonus
 WOW this one is better than the one it replaced . Love using these while my husband sleeps and BOY it sure grabs the dirt on ANY surface !
 Just what we needed to pick up around our office . Small area so needed a small sweeper . Handy to store .
 I wish I would have bought this 6 months ago ! I have a 15 month-old who loves leaving Cheerios on the floor , tracking in leaves and mulch , and torn pieces of tissues and paper . This sweeper has gotten ALL of the above off my carpet . It even picked up pieces of pretzels today too . I would only caution folks against buying it for tiled floors . It has picked up MOST of what 's on the kitchen floor , but it takes 2 or 3 times the passovers to get it up . On carpet , the only thing that it wo n't pick up is lint . It seems to think the lint is part of the carpet and just smooshes it around . I 'd say that it gets 95 % up off the carpet , and about 75 % up off the tiled/hardwood floor . If you want spotless carpets , use a vacuum . If you need frequent pick-ups throughout the day , this is the thing for you ! It 's quiet , small , lightweight , easy to assemble , easy to empty , and safe since there 's no cord to attract my baby 's attention . I finally feel like I 'm able to keep things in order throughout the day !
 we got this at the hotel . it works great . no one wakes up when we use it . it picks up everything we run over it with . love it .
 I put in Flor carpet tiles and they appear to be just the right pile for this carpet sweeper to work well on . Like others have mentioned , it does not work well on hard floors , and does not work much at all in corners or edges , so I will still have to vacuum those spots . Works wonderfully on very tight short pile . I dump out a fair amount of &#34; floof &#34; so it does pick up a lot of stuff . You do have to figure out how to empty both chambers so that you do n't miss the garbage . Contrary to earlier reviews , I find that the handle is strong and holding up well . Best $ 27 I 've spent .
 The sweeper matched the description and suits our needs perfectly . We use it for small clean ups in our lobby . It 's compact size makes it easy to tuck out of the way when not in use .
 I am tired of buying vacuums that break . This is the best thing . It pics up everything and it is easy to store . I had to assemble it when it came and I did n't realize that . It had four pieces . The bottom two polls and his handle thingy that came with it . Anyway . Great buy and I highly recommend it .
 This product is excellent . Easy to assemble , and easy to broom the carpet or floors . Works wonderfully at picking all kinds of debris with the the noise . You 'll love it .
 My wife loves this Bissell Sweeper . Much better than our old one.We would highly recommend this one for anybody looking for a good sweeper ! The sweeper arrivedahead of scheduled time , in excellent condition.Would not hesitate to order from this company again.AlsoAmazon.com gets 5 stars for excellence in Customer Service .
 We have been very frustrated with the last couple of vacuums we 've had and really do n't need one as we have hardwoods throughout the house with just a few rugs . We decided to try this Bissell sweeper and are very pleased with it . We have not had any problem with the handle as some have mentioned . The sweeper picks dirt up off the rugs as well as a vacuum . It 's quiet . It 's light weight . It 's small and takes up less space in the broom closet . It 's very easy to empty . Even my 4 and 2 year olds love to use it . I still prefer to sweep the hardwoods with a broom so ca n't really speak to its efficacy in that regard . We consider this sweeper an excellent purchase .
 A small , manual carpet sweeper is a very useful thing . I had one of 'em 20 years ago , and for some reason , I threw it out . Dumb . We have two cats , so of course , hair is everywhere . I was surprised how much unnoticed hair it picked of off the carpet . It 's ideal for the bits of debris one tracks in the door , and for those snack crumbs that fall between the couch and the coffee table - you know what I mean!Easy to dump the collections - just put the device over a receptacle , push on the bottom where it clearly says `` push '' . Give it a little shake to remove any residual dust , and you 're done .
 I 'm happy with this sweeper . I have hardwood floors with a few large carpets , and I use this to keep my carpets clean in between vaccuming , because my 3-year old is terrified of the regular vaccuum , so I ca n't use that as often . There 's actually not much to vaccum when I do , this sweeper works so well . I knocked off one star because it does n't work as well on hardwood floors . I thought I might have problems with the handle , because it just sticks on with no screws , but I have n't , and I use this sweeper every day .
 I just love this thing - so easy.It really works , simple !! No electronics , just run it around the carpet & it picks up fuzz & stuff . Easy to empty , too.A nice , simple cleaning tool - like the old days !! The only reason why i did n't give it 5 stars is because you have to put the handle together , but it 's fine & it stays together , etc. .
 This is a handy little sweeper , light weight , narrow enough to fit between the legs of dining room chairs , etc. . It does a great job of picking up pet hair and the type of gritty dirt we get in our area . It 's one problem ? The handle fits to the base by pushing on rather than screwing . No matter how hard I try , even bopping it with a hammer , it still pulls off . I may resort to gluing that just for the irritation factor , but the sweeper itself works great . No cord . No batteries to charge . Just an old fashioned sweeper like mom had .
 This is a nice little sweeper . Others have said they had problems with the handle coming apart , but we have n't had any problems with that . I put it together as instructed , set it upright on the garage floor -LRB- did n't want to damage any indoor flooring -RRB- , and hit the top with a hammer/mallet a few times . Seems to be very sturdy . Being a manual product , it takes some arm power to maneuver , but it 's lightweight and actually requires less effort than our bulky vacuum cleaner . Since it has no suction , it does n't have the pick-up power of a vacuum cleaner , but it 's good for light touch-ups and spills which is what it was meant for . It 's also nice that there are no cords to mess with .
 The Sweeper arrived two days ago and it is easy to use and it picks up very well on low pile carpet , I would not recommend that this be used on shag carpeting at all . It is compact in size , easy to assemble and no batteries to recharge and is ready to use as soon as you assemble the handles to it . I like the product very well .
 This little sweeper picks up well and is small enough to store anywhere in a small corner , such as a closet , so it 's always within easy reach . Highly recommended . Bissell , even after all these years , never fails .
 We use it often for a little touch-up on kitchen tile and an oriental carpet that is about an inch thick . . works great not having to pull out the Oreck vac . Good price for a quality sweeper . Delivery was great too .
 This scroller is very conveinent and efficient , I have had it for months , and I used it on carpet every day , I used it as often as a broom for the tiled floor . I have two kids and one dog , and now it 's the season my dog falls hairs , I can use this scroller pick up dog hair every time I used it , which my vacuum could not pick up . I do n't have problems with the handle , it was formed by 3 pieces but it never fell apart .
 This thing gets used multiple times each day for quick clean up of a restaurants carpet and works just as good as day one . Just make sure to clean the removable roller brush and this thing will save you tons of time sweeping .
 Very happy with this item . Functions well in a sewing roon picking up small pieces of thread droppen on the floor . The handle has not separated as several have reported . I think a little more grunt is in order when `` tapping '' the segments together . Do n't be dainty with it , be forceful , it works .
 This product worked better than I expected from reading some of the other reviews . Easy to assemble , work great on carpet and tile floors . Arrived from seller one day before estimated arrival . Completely satisfied ! Good job Amazon !
 I have purchase two of the Bissell sweepers ; one for my home and the other for the office . I use it to pick up various things that get tracked in on the floor and snacks dropped by by 2 year old . Sometimes it is not practical to run a noisy vacuum cleaner during business hours so it perfect for tidying up.As far as the complaints with the handle , I have had no problems with the two I have purchased . However , you do need to tamp the handle down firmly to prevent it from coming apart . The garage floor worked best for me .
 For years I put off buying this sweeper because although it could sweep with the best of them ... everyone complained about a flaw design which caused the handle to pull apart when you tried to use the sweeperI was reminded of this problem 2 weeks ago when I went to my Time Share Unit and saw the handle separate repeatedly on an older modelThe sweeper worked great except for this flaw so ... I ordered one when I got home and was planning on using '' gorilla tape '' to keep the handle from coming apartTo my pleasant surprise ... I received my new Bissell Sturdy Sweeper this week and discovered that I did not need to use '' gorilla tape '' or anything else because Bissell had corrected this design flaw and all parts of the handle screwed together nicelyProblem Solved ! -- Well Done Bissell !!
 I read the negative reviews about the handle coming apart , but decided to order the Bissell Sweeper from Amazon anyway . Glad I did . Yes , the handle , as delivered , does keep coming apart , but that can be fixed . A 3 foot , 7/16 inch wooden dowel from the hardware and two small sheetmetal screws solved the problem.It 's a nice product for a quick sweep of rugs , but not for wooden floors .
 This product works great for the area rugs in my bathroom and was just what I expected and wanted !
 I bought this to use in between our church services to clean up any mess from our fellowship time and it works wonderfully .
 works great . i use it at work to sweep up between cleaningsit keeps the office carpet looking good .
 My wife and I both like our carpet sweeper very much . It picks up fibers -LRB- threads -RRB- and dirt from regular carpet as well as indoor-outdoor carpet that our last vacuum cleaner missed . It is lightweight but sturdy . It is quite easy to handle . We like the brushes at the four corners . It is a terrific bargain !
 The Bissell Sturdy Sweep is light weight and quiet . It picks crumbs , dirt , pet bedding , and other debris up from carpet rather well . It also collects dust and lint.It is a great tool for cleaning a moderately sized apartment when a full sized vaccuum would be overkill while a mini vac would be too little.I would definitely recommend this product for quick carpet cleaning .
 This sweeper really does do a surprisingly good job picking up small debri for in-between cleanings . My only complaint -LRB- and it 's a big one ! -RRB- is that the handle is in three pieces that WILL NOT stay together . I am constantly dropping part of the handle and putting it back together while using it . I finally got fed up and put some glue reinforced by tape around the sections . If not for that it would get 5 stars !
 I got this for my daughter who has hardwood floors . So far she is very happy with it .
 I really like this sweeper and it is not very heavy which makes it fun to use . It works well .
 This was ordered for my 5 year old Grandson . He sweeps at his Mom 's Real Estate office , and does a very nice job with this little sweeper . He loves it !
 I just recieved my new Bissel Sturdy Sweeper and it works GREAT !! I do n't know why there are negative reviews especially about handle separation . I inserted the 3 sections together per the enclosed instructions and , -LRB- with application of some good ol' elbow grease -RRB- , banging the assembled sections on my hard kitchen floor the fit was good and TIGHT ! Maybe those `` limp-wristed '' weaklings need a He-Man around to apply some reasonable force at this juncture of the assembly , I do n't know . As far as the negative reports about it 's pick-up power especially pet hair , again no problem here . I have 6 cats and so there 's a goodly amount of fur about . Well , both my maid and I marveled at all the hair that had been cleaned from my CARPET when the cannister was emptied . So all you nay-sayers out there , HUSH UP !
 First of all , thank you amazon for fast delivery . This little sweeper does the job , hands down , for the money , you ca n't go wrong . I would n't recommend this for thick type carpet , i have that flat kind of carpet and it does well on it , right out of the box you will need to assemble the handle , took me like 2 mins.The name says it , it 's small , sturdy , and does it 's job .
 This item was advertised on the Bissell web site for more than I paid for it here on Amazon.com . So I bought it here.I have 2 infant boys ages 2 and 1 year old who can both ` use ' this sweeper with no problems and no noise . They can learn to clean this way . I love that.The only problem is the handle comes apart at the drop of a hat . Not cool . I called the Bissell company and spoke to a rep and told her that I loved my sweeper , but why in the heck did n't they just make the entire handle screw together ?? It only screws together where the sweeper attaches to the first handle section . So , I glued it together , using wood glue . Yea , I know , but it works . The rep from Bissell giggled after I told her my suggestion . I asked her why she was laughing , but she did n't answer-just giggled more , so I just hung up the phone . I hope they take it seriously though and incorporate the screw together handle for the whole handle with the next model.It serves its purpose and sweeps up the crumbs from my floors and pushes most crumbs from the edges of the walls so that I can get them with the sweeper . Would I buy it again ? Yes . Was it worth it ? Yes . If light pick up of crumbs is all you need this is for you . -LRB- Just glue the handle ! -RRB- If you need a larger dust pan , buy a larger model than this one . Hope this helps you make your choice .
 This sweeper works great when you are trying to be quiet or just dont want to get out the big guns . Picks up those little things really well . I just love my little Bissell .
 We are a group of 5 night shift nurses that love this sweeper . It did a great job cleaning up our nurses station . We used this product in many ways testing it to see how well it really did work . It picked up not only popcorn , but the kernels too.It also picks up paper hole punch messes , and scraps of paper in no time . it is light weight enough for anyone to use and stores well.We had an older sweeper that took alot of time to use and still left a mess behind . Now it is nice to pull the sweeper out and be done without a lot of bending over to pick up the pieces the sweeper missed . Its great and we recomend it to others , in fact most of us have bought it for our own homes .
 Got this sweeper to use for quick , small pickups when getting the vacuum cleaner out and plugging it up would be too much hassle . It is better quality than a previous sweeper I used to own since the handles now screw into each other . I no longer have to worry about the handle falling apart . Does it work as well as a vacuum ? No , but it is n't intended to . It was created for a certain purpose and does a good job .
 We needed something to help keep our carpet clean between vacuuming . I remembered that my mother had a carpet sweeper and I knew that would do the trick . As it is becoming more difficult to buy a lot of old school products locally I came to Amazon , I knew they would have them.Have been using it since it arrived at our door . One complaint , the top portion of the handle has a habit of coming off and you have stop to put it back on .
 It 's great for apartment use . As stated in other reviews the three piece handle kept coming loose . I just drilled the three sections and placed a small set screw at each section . Problem solved . I would highly recommend this product.Thank you Bissell and Amazon.Capt . MottsDetroit , MI
 I have an 8 month old daughter , and she hates the vacuum ! So It 's really hard to vacuum every other day , If I 'm lucky I get it done once a week . I needed something in between so she was n't always picking up hair , little pieces of paper , etc. . As soon as I received this I took it out , put it together and started in my living room where we are most of the time . It works AMAZING ! This sweeper is great , it picks everything up even her puffs and other snacks ! I have not had any problem with the handle as others have said , it 's never come loose or fallen apart -LRB- I 've had it a little over a month now and use it daily -RRB- If you have babies , kids , pets , whatever this is so worth it ! I would spend a lot more for this than it costs !
 Great for quick clean up . Actually picks up more debris than I thought it would . Easy to empty . Would recommend .
 This item is Ok quality and shipment was super fast . Item was as described as on website and pictured exactly but does n't work well on tile floors . It still leaves residue after sweeping
 this sweeper does the job ! it picks up floor and carpet debris easily and quickly when i 'm in a time crunch ... it empties easily ... and it 's fun to remember using one when i was at my grandmother 's house ...
 I needed it for a small rug that I did n't want to pull out my big vacuum for . It really works well . Ruth Slater
 The Bissell sturdy sweeper is a handy sweeper to have around for those quick sweeps on wood , tile or carpet . The sweeper was easy to assemble and easy to clean .
 At work we 're all too lazy to plug in the loud heavy vacuum cleaner , and every bit of dirt shows up on our carpet , so we bust this thing out all the time . If you 're complaining about how its built , look who built it . I put it together and its sturdy , to the people who keep saying the handle falls off , try graduating kindergarden .
 Works fine for picking up debris off wood floors and flat carpets -LRB- not thick ones -RRB- , and also a surprising amount of pet hair off the Man Cave rug . Remember this product has no motor or suction ; simply brushes that turn as you push and pull it back and forth across the floor . Do n't expect a top-of-the-line vacuum cleaner cleaning ! Easy to use and easy to empty , just takes a little elbow grease .
 This product works great ! Very user friendly . I would recommend this product to anyone who is thinking about drug testing their teen or older child . Priced well .
 I give the Transfer Factor to my 2 cats they both have CRF and one also has cancer . My cats seem to be doiong better.ThanksToniann
 I have been taking this product for several years . Of course it is hard to evaluate how something helps your immune system for you do not know what illness you might have suffered had you not been taking it . I have enjoyed excellent health and I feel some of that is due to this product . I trust Source Naturals , they go the extra mile in formulating their products .
 I found SleepKey to be surprisingly effective ! The whole package -- the hand-held computer and the informative documentation -- helped me create an environment and discipline myself to get the restful sleep I craved . With this product , I was able to break some old , non-productive patterns and replace them with behavior that gives me a good , sound sleep . -LRB- And I can say this months after I completed the SleepKey program . -RRB- I highly recommend it .
 Note this will only work if you get up at the same time every morning.When you get the sleepkey computer you sleep normal for seven nights . When you are in bed the device emits a tone or vibration or both , your choice . If you hear or feel the signal then you push a button.After seven nights it calculates how much you actually slept . Then it adjusts your bedtime so you sleep for the number of hours determined in the first week . I normally went to bed around 9:30 when I started but then I had to stay up until 11:45 . The device still monitors your sleep and makes the signal and you push the button when you hear the noise.The first week I felt great and I had a lot more time to do things at night . The device moves you bed time earlier when you do n't push the button by about 15 minutes . By the third week I felt tired all the time and I frequently cheated by taking naps during the day because I felt so exhausted . Gradually my bed time moved earlier to about 10:00 and I felt that I had better quality sleep . When daylight savings time came around I felt pretty messed up for about a week but then I got back on schedule . I sleep better now and I feel that it helped me but the device is more for those with chronic insomnia rather than occasional insomnia.I have also tried exercise , sleeping pills both prescription and herbs and combinations of herbs . This device worked the best for me .
 The sleepkey was a major help when I had awful chronic insomnia a few years ago that had lasted for several years . It is really hard at first to get up when you are still so tired and to survive the day on so little sleep , but we insomniacs are used to that awfulness . The sleepkey helped to break the cycle and get me onto a normal sleep schedule . Now , as long as I stick to my nightime routine and relax before bed , I hardly ever even hear it beep . I 've used it off and on for a few years , but I just love knowing how much sleep I got when I wake up . It 's interesting to me how sometimes I think I 'm awake but really I did n't hear it beep so I was asleep !
 It 's very good device . I had problem with sleep for many years and this product helped me get back on restful sleep almost every nigh . I would recommend it to anyone with sleep problem .
 I have been using the SleepKey for about 60 days continuously . I have suffered from sleeping problems since I was a teen . The SleepKey has enabled me to improve my sleep efficiency from a starting value of 57 % to an average that hovers around 90 % . This means that I 'm getting about the same amount of sleep -LRB- about 5:45 hours per night -RRB- but am spending much less time getting it . This has given me many more hours to read , etc. , especially during the weekends , because I do n't sleep in anymore.One other benefit is that my wife is sleeping better , probably because I 'm not waking up in the middle of the night which was disturbing her sleep.I strongly recommend this product . It is well made and the program it uses is well thought out .
 I suffered from Insomnia since I was about 17 . I got into the habit of staying up late and doing work in my bed at college . It soon affected my working skills when I graduated from college and entered the workforce . I was devastated . All I wanted to do was sleep . So , I did a few searches and came across this innovative product called SleepKey . It seemed great over the web , so I decided to try it out . For the first week , I just told it when I went to bed and when I got out of bed . Then during phase two , it emitted a low tone or vibration and wanted me to press a button if I heard it . I followed the instructions and it worked great ! It told me to get out of bed if I was n't sleeping for a long period of time . It made my bedtime later so I would be more tired and ... it even made me sleep more soundly . It was amazing . I ca n't believe I can actually crawl into my bed at my normal bedtime and fall fast sleep . I would definitly recommend this product to anyone with insomnia or sleep problems !
 I have been wearing compression stockings following blood clots in my leg a year and a half ago . I could hardly bear the thought of those pantyhose for another summer . Lo and behold I found these - garter tops - no sticky silicone dots - and OPEN TOES . My toes can breathe in my sandals . Of course , you can tell they are compression stockings , but they are comfortable , so I do not care !!
 This has many uses but I use beta carotene , and lately this brand , to treat the redness and adult acne caused by my rosacea . I take one pill a day . I 've noticed the best results from this product . The ruddiness and cheek cystic acne immediately cleared up . There are plenty of good beta carotene supplements out there . You do n't have to go with this one - this brand just works best with my genetic makeup.I 'm now doing cleanup on the acne scars by using a couple of Jan Mirini things -LRB- bio wash and c-esta serum at night -RRB- . Overall , my face has n't looked this good in a long , long time . Again , you do n't have to try anything I mention here - I only mention everything that works for me because it may help someone else .
 BEST GIFT EVER FOR ANY MOM . THE NATURAL FRAGRANCES ARE SO BABY DELICIOUS YOU 'LL WANT TO HAVE ANOTHER ! CA N'T LIVE WITHOUT THESE NATURAL BABY PRODUCTS . BONNIE - MOM OF THREE LITTLE SPROUTS
 This is truly the best kid and adult hair care products out there . I used this line throughout my pregnancy and then have used the shampoo for my daughter since she was born . She loves it and better yet I love it !! My husband loves it too . I have n't used any other shampoo/gel for myself since . I am totally addicted to it . I also bought 6 of the trio for girlfriends to try as shower gifts . I ca n't say enough positive things about it !!
 I bought this trio for a friend 's baby shower . Once I smelled how mild and pleasant the products were , I had to have a travel trio for myself . I love it ! The lotion is great to pack in my purse and the shampoo works wonders on my baby-fine hair , not to mention the light and non-sticky gel . I would definitely recommend The Original Sprout products to anyone .
 We found the best baby cream . I started with their shampoo & had to write a review . I have never been excited about baby products till now . The shampoo is a must have for any Mom who buy 's the best for her baby . It 's expensive and worth it ! This cream is so delicious smelling in the real , soft beautiful way babies smell . I use it on my baby , toddler and me ! It leaves our skin soft & dewy , never greasy . They do n't use mineral oil or any bad ingredients - LOVE It ! Lu
 This is a great cream ! I gave it four stars because it does NOT come in a bottle so the advertising is misleading from that standpoint .
 This cream smells amazing and is not overpowering . The lotion is creamy but not heavy or greasy , it almost feels whipped . I slather it all over myself and my baby . It moisturizes all day and does n't stick to clothing . It also has rosemary in it which is a natural bug repellent so I love to put it on baby when we are outdoors instead of harmful bug sprays .
 I love this lotion , it moisturizes but does n't leave a residue like so many other products I have tried . Our whole family uses it , we ca n't live without it , we even keep one in the car ! This is by far the best product out there !
 You 'll love it . This is the best baby cream we 've ever used ! It smells natural and just like a baby , sweet and clean . Order from Amazon rather than Baby Universe . You 'll get your order faster .
 As a mom of two I have tried many products . I was thrilled to finally find one that worked , was n't overpriced , and did n't have all the bad ingredients found in many baby care products . The travel pack is a perfect introduction to these wonderful products . Plus , they last forever and the adorable packaging makes them a great gift . My kids are sensitive and this stuff is so gentle on their little baby skin .
 I am 71 years old . During my younger years , I jogged extensively . When I turned 55 , I found that my knees were shot . 10 years ago I was going to have knee replacement . However , after research I thought I would `` tough it out '' . Consequently , I have used various knee braces in the past years.I thought I would try the McDavid Patella Knee Support Black . This decision was based n both price and features.My next order for braces will be a reorder of these . They meet my needs pretty darn well , and better than others tried .
 This knee brace does what it claims , and it has been helpful with the osteoarthritis in my knee . It is very supportive , but can get very hot in summer , as do all the braces I have tried . I use it for running and am very happy with it .
 If you need knee bace , this is the best one I have used . Very confortable , I have worn it for an entire half marathon -LRB- 13.1 miles -RRB- . Once you put it on it will stay where you want it . I will be buying another one .
 I ordered two Knee supports for my left and right knee and the package came exactly when they said it will . I used my fathers Knee sleeves that were exactly like these and I was expected the exact same product . But I was given the updated models that just had a different McDavid emblem and colors on the inside . I am very pleased and will order through them when I need another product . Thank you McDavid .
 i wear this over legging/tights so i do not experience any of the sweating/sticky issues while wearing this . the support is good as i work walking around for 5 + hours a day and this supports my knee well without feeling restricted .
 i have been playing racquetball for 35 years . the knee suports allow me full movement , with the support i need . great product !
 This is an excellent knee support . Made better than McDavid 's earlier models . Does exactly what I wanted it to do . I expect it will last longer than I will . It has adjustable straps to help keep it in place . Light weight , hardly notice it is there when wearing it and it is WORKING for me . When wearing it , my knee feels strong and able to do anything . Walking is easy with this support .
 I got this brace after having meniscus surgery . Im back playing indoor soccer now . This brace provides good support and flexibility . I also occasionally wash it in the sink and it is holding up great .
 Excellent Knee brace . It supports my right knee so I can continue playing competitive tennis . It comes with 2 days delivery . I would recommend it to anyone .
 Item as described and it fits perfectly . Went running with it usually I feel pain but did n't feel anything this time .
 I 've read numerous reviews before deciding on the McDavid Neoprene Patella Knee Support With Spring Steel Stays . I am 57yrs old and carry more of my weight in the legs so I needed the xxl . They are snug but very comfortable . I have OsteoArthritis with partial bone on bone . My intention is to avoid/delay knee surgery . I have begun Physical therapy and find the water to be more beneficial and not so hard on the joints , in addition to taking OsteoBiFlex . This is working for me as long as I do n't over do . I find that having a happy medium of exercise is best without over using the joint to cause more pain and discomfort . I have no intention of climbing mountains or running marathons , I just want to have more mobility , comfort and do simple day to day activities . These knee supports are great !
 It is hard to find braces that accommodate the woman 's thighs , this product does just that It stays up and fits well
 Comfortable and does the job . Straps do not wrap all the way around -LRB- not clear from photo -RRB- . Replacing an old brace I had made by Body Glove , all and all well satisfied .
 My knee went out about 2 months ago & someone had to call the ambulance and in the hospital I did n't get crutches or anything . After most of the swelling went down my knee was still in pain & I could n't walk that much because it still hurt . When I bout this it helped me alot , even though I stoped using it when it started to get really HOT outside because even in a chilly day you start to sweat with this Knee support pad but over all its GREAT ! I recomment it : -RRB-
 Purchased for my mom , she noticed instant improvement . I do n't know what her issue was , only that her knee was in terrible pain . It fixed that and know she 's able to move around a lot better .
 Very good for any thing on the market . You sweat but its manageble . I rotate three -LSB- one bad knee -RSB- , seems not to hold oder , just wear it while showering then put on a dry one . Easy to slide down while sitting or removing . I am 67 and have seen the bad results of most knee surgery . Too many people dont understand impact exersize .
 I havent found a better knee pad that allows me to practice Tae Kwon Do as comfortable as I do with this one , the others either slip down with the sweat , they open up , or they just dont let me have free movement in the legs as I need and still provide me with excellent support for my knees . So , this is just way better than any other knee pads Ive tried , believe me , ive tried a lot . You are getting an excellent product here , hope it works for you as much as it has for me .
 I am 62 years old and live in the Desert Southwest . I have been an avid hiker my whole life , but had recently developed pain in both knees when attempting to jog or hike . I thought my days of outdoor physical activity were over , but a friend recommended knee supports . When I saw how highly these were rated on Amazon , I decided to give them a try and boy , am I ever glad I did . Knee pain is now a thing of the past , and hiking with these babies on is like having spring-loaded legs when I step out onto the trail . If anyone is having similar issues to what I went through , get on board with a pair of these ; you wo n't be sorry .
 The product is awesome . I purchased a set of these for my dad because he was having joint problems in his knees . He needed some sort of support and weight redistribution . This product was the answer to all that . It allowed him to become more mobile for longer periods . It 's amazing how a simple product like this can make a huge difference in his life . It 's on the pricier side , but it well worth it . The only drawback that he has is that it takes a little getting use to .
 This product far exceed my expectations . I bought it for skiing and at the end of the day my ` bad ' knee was in better shape than my good knee . Guess I 'll need to get a second one . When I made this purchase , I was hoping for something that provided enough support so that I would be able to get some skiing in and have manageable pain afterwords . What I got was a full day of skiing and no knee pain in the braced knee .
 I got this for my husband but I thought it would be a little more stiff . It works good and he wears it skiing . So , I guess we did n't need it stiffer . We did n't want one that was too stiff one and we already had one that was just fabric so , this worked out perfect ! Great quality !
 I injured my knee a year ago and was looking for a knee support for jogging . I jogged the first time without a support and my knee was sore and felt kinda weird for a day or so . I bought this knee support and wore it while jogging and my knee feels great !!! I would highly recommend this knee support for anyone who is looking to jog , etc. !! Jeff
 works great wen im playing basketball and rugby , just limits my range of motion a little . . a little speed difference but great support
 This Knee support is SO much better than the one I 've been wearing for over a year ! It is easier to put on , -LRB- my husband had to put the other one on me -RRB- , I can do it myself!I have had it on all day , and I 've been able to get up from a chair with no pain , walk through the house with no pain!I really do like the design and the lightness of the brace!Thanks !
 I purchased one a few months ago for my left knee because my knee cap nolonger tracks right when I jog . It worked so well that I decided to purchase another one for my right knee because of I.T. band pain after 3.1 miles . I am now able to jog a 5K without fear of my knee going out or pain . The spring steel in the sides actually spring your knees forward when you run which is kinda neat . I totally recommend this product
 First a little about me . I am almost 23 yr old . Iv been weight lifting for 6 years and playing basketball occasionally . Im 5 ' 9 and am currently about 165 lb . Most of that weight is upper body as i 've had a few knee injury that prevented me from doing hard leg workouts . With that said i have skinny legs and small weak knees.my right knees started hurting during the past month so i bought this item in size medium . At first it was a little too tight even on my skinny legs . After the first run i had with them , they loosened up a bit and fitted perfectly . They do n't slide down like the other cheaper ones i own and they feel great . at first they feel kinda stiff but I got used to it and forgot it was even there . There is almost no irritations from wearing these.Another great thing about these is that they keep your knees warm . The fact that it keeps my knee warm makes a HUGE difference for me as it drastically reduces the pain during my lift or run or jumps . Does n't seem like they make a selling point out of this but this really makes a big difference .
 I bought this for my grandma to make it easier on her to clean up instead of lugging out the huge vacuum . I actually bought it to replace her old one . She likes it very much BUT it is not quite as good as her original . But she would tell me if it did n't work or she did n't like it so it MUST be good ! :-RRB- I 'm going to get one for myself eventually too .
 I use this in my entry where it is always sandy . It does a great job of making it look clean in a hurry . Great for in between cleanings .
 I moved out of a house and had to do one last cleaning of the carpets , sadly I had the power turned off a day before and did n't plan ahead ... I got on amazon and had this shipped overnight to me hoping it would work . I had to clean both carpet and hardwood floors , with no power.I am pleased to say it worked really well . It did NOT get 100 % of the lint on the carpet up on the first pass , but after several passes the floors were cleaned . I had no issues with the handle coming off , I did however have to empty the trays on this several times which was a great thing!I even tested this on hardwood floors . It got everything up I went over including safety pins that were on the floor.Does this do the same quality of a powered vacuum ? Nope , but it does a great job for a non-powered , simple sweeper . I would buy it again if I needed another one , but since it 's so portable , lightweight , etc. . I do n't need another one , I can just carry this one around as I need it .
 Great for quick clean ups and has no cord to drag around . Also very light and easy to empty . Go green and save electricity with this .
 I bought this because I have a pet rabbit who tracks wood shavings all over the carpet . This sweeper is great at picking up the relatively large pieces of wood shavings -LRB- and also rabbit poop -RRB- . I love not having to vacuum every day to clean my carpet . I would definitely recommend this product .
 For not having a motor , this sweeper is pretty good at picking up scattered kitty litter -LRB- which is what I bought it for -RRB- . It does n't pick up everything , but it does a good enough job . The best part is that I do n't have to always get out the big noisy vacuum , which the cats hate . It 's not as good as my grandma 's 1930s sweeper , but I like it !
 easy to put together and a great picker upper for cat hair . light weight sturdy , I highly recommend is product
 The sweeper is just what I expected it to be . It works well on carpeting , and so-so on hardwood floors . The handle must be put together with some force , or it will not stay together . Once it is put together with force -LRB- properly -RRB- it does stay together and the sweeper works very well for carpeted floors . Would recommend it for sure .
 I have a toddler , and instead of dragging the vacuum out all the time , I can easily sweep up crumbs with this sweeper . Such a time saver ! Seems to pick up a fair amount of cat fur , although I did n't buy it for that purpose . The only problem I have is that the brush comes within 1.5 '' of the edges and 3-4 '' of the front/back , so it is n't good to clean along edges . Lays down flat to get under the sofa too !
 This works great for getting dog hair and other dog-related debris -LRB- leaves , bits of mangled toys -RRB- off bare floors and rugs . It empties easily , and the included comb gets rid of the dog hair entangled around the brush . The handle did come off , as others have noted .
 I really did n't expect this product to work as well as it does . It really does pick up all the little stuff , and is very easy to clean . Even the roller is easy to clean when stray hair is tangled around it . Yes , I also experienced the problem with the pole coming loose at the bottom - I just inserted some folded heavy paper into the hole along with the pole ; tightened it up easily . At the price , for me , that 's not even an issue to complain about . I really love this sweet lil sweeper
 I use this in my cubical because the janitors only come through about once a month to vaccum and clean so in the meantime I like a cleaner environment . I can see how people may have problems with the handle coming apart but oh well . I 'd buy this again .
 first also get a stand up handle dust pan . However this is great . I like it for my small home it is not very large , Perfect for a tight room and or small quick clean ups . They make a larger commercial one for around $ 60 you might want to consider . This is fine but buy a roll of black electricians tape and neatly go around all the joints in the put together handle . Can be purchased cheaper in store but I cant get around well , needed it and Amazon as always delivers . You can clean up a lot of little crumb , cerial , sugar , leaf , dirt , grass messes or spot clean without a fuss it goes under furniture and close to corners . I love it . Thanks .
 The sweeper works great ! Perfect for a dorm , small apartment , office , etcWorks great , picks up lots of dust and debris . I fell in love with this thing the second I got it . So easy to use and keeps the floor clean . It 's incredibly easy to empty the dust pans and not make a complete mess , and comes with a comb for the cleaning brush . I USE THIS ALMOST DAILY!The handle does have some issues but if you hit it on the ground when assembling it you should n't have the problem -LRB- the instructions tell you to do this -RRB- . It also has problems getting around corners or up against the wall , but that is expected .
 believe it or not , I bought this for my son ! He 's three and totally obsessed with vacuum cleaners and things that pick up trash . Now I can run my vacuum cleaner without having to fight him for it - he has his own so he can be handy around the house ! The handle is adjustable , which is great but it 's true it DOES tend to come apart -LRB- though ours not as much as some reviews I 've read -RRB- .
 Wanted a small carpet sweeper for our smallish apartment , which is cleaned twice a month by our house cleaner . This works great for that little bit of in-between cleaning . Works great for us and we are glad we got it . Have learned to go to Amazon first to find items we need .
 - I found this unit very versatil ... normally I clean the carpet 4 times a week with the vaccum , I use the bissel brush 3 times a week to keep the traffic areas clean and use the vaccum just one time a week . . it saves me time . . It is a very complemtary tool . .
 I really like this sweeper for cleaning my area rugs without having to drag out the vacuum cleaner . I did not give it 5 stars because the handle slips off a lot . I will probably end up putting an adhesive on it , because that can be frustrating .
 BOUGHT THIS SO MY GIRLS CAN USE IT WITHOUT HAVING TO `` LUG '' THE VACCUM OUT TO PICK UP CRUMBS AND DIRT . GREAT FOR LITE WORK , AREA CARPET AND FLOORS . EASY TO CLEAN . MY HUSBAND IS NOW USING IT !! WILL BUY A SECOND ONE FOR HIM .
 All I wanted was something that could quickly breeze over my carpets every couple days so I only have to drag the vacuum out once a week or so . This is it . I read a bunch of reviews first before I decided on this sweeper.I 've worked a few places where we Hoky 'd and I pretty much knew what to expect . I only bought this instead of a Hoky because it was cheaper.My only complaint is that it came in a box within a box within a box . So wasteful!Addressing other reviews : It does NOT do anything on floors . It 's advertised as a CARPET sweeper . I was n't surprised.Doesn ' t suck up like a vacuum so you have to go over an area a couple times . However , it works . It does NOT replace a vacuum.I just did all my carpets in the whole house and the handles never , not once fell out . I was pretty enthusiastic with the thing too . I 'm not sure how people are putting this thing together , but you put a part of the handle inside the other and kind of twist to keep it in place . Mine was n't even wobbly . I even was going over shag.Like I said , I wanted it to pick up stuff in between vacuuming . Mission accomplished . It even picks up kitty litter no problem.Affordable and super fast and easy to empty.I would recommend this in a second , but if you want it for something other than what I 've described , it may not be for you .
 This arrived yesterday and I immediately put it to work . It looks smaller than I expected , but has tremendous capacity for sucking up junk - mainly dog hair . I have a very hairy dog but I hate lugging out my heavy vacuum cleaner -LRB- she hates it , too ! -RRB- for quick clean-ups , especially on the linoleum kitchen floor . This sweeper is light and quiet , does a neater job than a broom , and is great not only on the bare floor but on the carpet - and the carpeted stairs , where it 's hard to get my upright vacuum to fit . I love that the brush pops out so easily for cleaning with the included comb . My one complaint is the same as the other reviewers '
 Many people have said that their handle comes apart . I have not had this problem . In the directions , it says to join the pieces together and then sort of bang it straight down on a hard surface to make sure the pieces fit tightly together . That is what I did , and have not had any problems . This little vacuum works great on my hardwood and vinyl floors and low pile rugs . It does n't work as well on carpet . But I got it because I do n't have any carpet and have mostly hardwood floors and small rugs and I wanted something lightweight , quiet , and something that would n't try to `` suck up '' the rugs like my regular vacuum . Also , this does n't scare my two cats to death . They do n't really like it , but they use to literally climb up the inside of the chimney to hide when the vacuum came on . Now , that does n't happen . I also like it because I can vacuum the green carpet on the front porch and do n't need to try to find an outlet in the house to use the vacuum on the porch . I 've had back problems all my life and I like not having to lug out the regular vacuum very often anymore .
 Ca n't ask for more from a small carpet sweeper . Gets the dirt up without having to drag out the vaccumn .
 Just the ticket for doing quick cleanups of cat fur and orher pesky problems . It works like a dream and no electricity required
 I keep this handy and use it almost every day . It 's great for picking up small messes - and uses NO electricity ! A real bonus these days !
 Picks up things just as good as the Bissell electric sweeper ... lasts LONGER than it too . I had an electric one and it did n't even last me more than a couple months.PROS : Easy to empty outLightweightSweeps up dust , pet hair , and crumbs in just one sweepCONS : While sweeping , if you bump the sweeper into something hard , it tends to spit out what it just swept up . Does n't happen often .
 I bought one of these at a local big-box store on closeout - it is OLD technology to be sure , but it is a terrific thing to have around . You have no idea how much you will use it - when there are a few pieces of carpet fuzz , pet hair , or crumbs on the floor - whooosh ! they are gone . I like it so much I bought 5 more from Amazon to give every household one as a family Christmas gift !! We recently moved into a new house w / darker laminate flooring and carpeting . When the crumbs and lint show up I grab the Bissel , and clean them up fast without all the hassle of getting out the vacuum , plugging it in etc. . It works equally well on our thicker wall to-wall carpeting and our low-nap area rugs , since it is self-adjusting as far as height . It cleans up faster and better than a broom and dustpan , too.No batteries , no recharging - whoooosh !!!
 I had one of these many years ago . It seems like this one is the of the same quality so far . It is very handy to reach for this to do quick clean ups instead of dragging out the great big , heavy vacuum cleaner . I bought one for both my daughters and they love theirs too .
 I love this Bissell sweeper . It picks up all the lint , strings and other little `` things '' that find their place on capets and wood floors.It is easy to empty out and lightweight .
 Assembly took only minutes . No problem with handle staying together . Light weight . Easy to use . Easy to carry up and down stairs . Easy to empty . I have wooden floors and love it for my area rugs .
 This is a very nice little sweeper . You ca n't beat it for the money . Works great picking up off my nice wool rugs . The rubber strip that protects from hitting baseboards did come off and I could n't get it to go back on but I do n't need it anyway so it 's no big deal to me . Sure beats having to use a vacuum which kills my back . I love this little jewel !
 i am very happy with this product . i have a low pile carpets in the rooms my son plays in and i can never find a time to clean them since my son absolutely HATES the vacuum cleaner . this little number did exactly what i wanted and more . it picked up all the little pieces of crackers , snacks , cat hair , MY HAIR , and more ! i didnt even know the carpets had all that dirt on them !! im very impressed!FOR THOSE WITH HANDLE PROBLEMS
 Even though it does n't pick up everything I 'd like , it does a fairly decent job on carpets which is what I bought it for . It 's nice and compact which is also what I wanted . The handle problem , -LRB- coming apart -RRB- , that folks complain about is , in my opinion , easily remedied and not an issue .
 This is a great little sweeper for me . I do n't expect it to be a miracle cleaner and work for everything , that 's why I 'm very happy with it . It does what it was designed to do - sweep up bits of stuff from low pile carpet , esp . commercial carpet . I have a habit of not wanting to clean anything until it 's late at night , but I ca n't exactly roll out the vacuum at 2am . So this guy is great for sweeping up the area rugs in my apartment whenever I feel like doing it . I have two short-hair cats and I 'm always really surprised at the amount of fur I pick up with this thing ! It 's really satisfying to see all of that in the compartments before it gets dumped into the trash . I also am responsible for vacuuming the commercial carpet in my building 's hallways and this sweeper was really convenient to use in between vacuuming , especially in the fall when people kept tracking leaves inside .
 Perfect for crumbs and dog hair -LRB- labrador -RRB- . This sweeper does work on hardwood floors , but not as well as carpet ; the pickup bristles sometimes chase the crumbs by flicking them on hardwood . It is true what people say about the handle coming apart , but it only seems to be a problem if you pick the sweeper up and carry it by the handle . The handle is a friction fit socket and cup -LRB- three joints -RRB- , it would be better if it had a lock on the individual sections . The crumb tray is easy to empty , and the sweeper is quiet . All in all , a great buy for the money , you wo n't be disappointed .
 OK so the handle does come apart sometimes . Big deal . For twenty bucks this thing is great . Actually works better than some vacuum cleaners that I 've had . If the handle comes apart , just put it back together or tape it if you are that upset about it . For $ 20 it ca n't be beat.Solid constuction . Worth twice the price . Do n't listen to those others .
 With two kids and two dogs tracking dirt , grass , and leaves through the house every day my floors looked terrible a day after vacuuming . I bought the Bissel Sweeper to keep things tidy between vacuumings . It does a great job of that . I needed something that was quick and easy to use and worked on hard floors and carpet ; this sweeper does it all and does it pretty well . It even gets a surprising amount of the dog hair off the carpet . I can make a quick run through the house while dinner 's on and then only have to vacuum once a week.As an added bonus ; I really like that there is no motor - I can sweep when the kids are asleep or I 'm on the phone ; and it cost less and should last longer than the powered versions .
 I was surprised at how swiftly this swept , especially all the dust particles that I ca n't even see . The roller in the middle and two collection compartments on either side really maximizes its pick-up efficiency . It also picks up lint and bits of paper , but not `` heavier '' or bigger objects like paper clips . I am grateful it does n't need any electricity , because I ca n't stand the tornado-like sound of regular electric-powered vacuums . -LRB- Although this sweeper is n't entirely silent -- it sounds kind of clunky rolling around , but it 's not a big deal . -RRB- One vice is that the roller is in the middle , so you ca n't sweep in dust/lint 2-3 inches from the wall and corners of anything . Also , the rubbery square band fell off after about 3 weeks , and I 'm still not sure whether I actually need it or not . But it 's not sticking back to the unit ... Oh well ... All in all , really fun . My 21 year-old boyfriend wanted to sweep and ran around the hallway with it , dancing all the way ... . Haha , weird sight .
 I 've been using this in my shop -LRB- with a short-pile carpet -RRB- for about 8 months now , and it 's fabulous ! It picks up crumbs , dust , lint and all the random detritus that comes in from the street . It 's also fun to push around - the people that have helped me clean are just amazed that it works , which makes them want to use it more.I wonder what will happen when the brushes get worn out - is there a way to replace them ?
 This is a cheap little carpet sweeper , but it does the trick for me on a daily basis . I have kids , so constant cleaning is needed . It does a very light surface clean . Not going to work on heavier pile carpets . Perfect for throw and area rugs . No complaints from me !
 This little guy works best on smooth floors , e.g. picks up cat litter in bathroom just fine . Not so hot on carpets . However , when I go to empty the trays , I am amazed at what it DID pick up . So , better than nothing between vacuum sessions.The trick handle ought to get an award for stupid design . Do n't they test this stuff ? I put the double tape on as one reviewer suggested . That wokrs .
 At the time I purchased this sweeper , I just wanted it for little pickups every once in awhile . Right now , I am in the middle of re-doing my bathroom because the floor was giving way !! There has been a lot of traffic back and forth -LRB- using the saws , etc. outside -RRB- and walking back in . This little bissell picks up wood shavings and all the little `` dust '' from the bottom of shoes . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 What 's to say ? This is a cheap carpet sweeper , and it works great ! The main sweeper unit is well constructed of metal and it 's very sturdy indeed . However , the handle is a 4-piece tubular thingee that is marginal at best . The handle is in 4 sections so it can be shipped in a smaller box . The sweeper works perfectly on my office carpet , and I stow it away in a small file cabinet . I recommend this sweeper for occasional use , but I would suggest fabricating a solid piece of tubing for a better handle if you intend to use this for more frequent sweeping . Otherwise , the 4-piece handle will keep falling apart in your hands .
 You know what 's most surprising to me about this Bissell Swift Sweeper -LRB- and no , I 'm NOT calling it a Sweep Sweeper which is silly -RRB- ? It 's the fact it picks up a lot more crumbs and dust particles than I ever would 've imagined . This is the * perfect * alternative to the vacuum cleaner . It 's mainly used for messy kitchens , basements and bathrooms when the vacuum is either broken or the electricity is out and you 're sitting there in a dirty house -LRB- or when you simply do n't feel like turning the vacuum on -RRB- . You seriously only have to go over the same area once or twice and it 'll pick up the crumbs . It 's amazing that something so simple looking works so darn well!Even more surprising is that the sweeper does a pretty good job over carpet however you have to really push it into the carpet more than you would a hard floor . On a hard floor you can simply push it back and forth with little to no effort . Carpet needs more pushing action and perhaps even two hands so the entire sweeper does n't flip over -LRB- an embarrassing mistake I 've made when I got a littly clumsy and forceful , hehe -RRB- . Amazing how good this product is . The only problem is that , well , two problems - it feels like it could break very easily -LRB- but thankfully has n't happened to me yet -RRB- as evident by an occasional weird clicking sound that makes me think the sweeper is on its last legs , and the other problem is that it 's sort of difficult to open up the container that collects the dust . I actually have n't found the right way to do it meaning , the way that guarantees I 'm opening it correctly and not slowly breaking it every time I empty the dirt . I have no idea what happened to the instruction booklet.Either way , great alternative to the vacuum cleaner . Now when your family spills potato chips and pretzels all over the floor , cleaning up their careless mess is n't much of a hassle ! Or better yet , grab this sweeper and tell them to clean it up ! Should n't be much of an inconvenience at all ... unless they 're busy watching the big football game or absorbed into a video game . Good luck getting them to move then , haha .
 I love this sweeper . I like to stay up late at night to clean when the babies and hubby are have gone to bed . I needed a sweeper that was quiet so I could sweep the area rugs . This picks up the lint , playdough , glitter , crumbs and anything else that kids drop during the day . We have distressed hand-scraped hardwood floor , it does a good job sweeping up crumbs , but does leave the flat stuff like bits of paper behind .
 I thought it would be good . But , it 's great . Out of the box it looks a little tiny , maybe not up to much . But boy , can it do a LOT of cleaning . And , no electricity needed ~ ~ ~ ~ ! I love the screw together handle . I left one piece off so that it 's exactly the right height for me to use when I 'm sitting on my Rollator.I love the brush comb . So cool . It snaps onto the handle , so it 's always right where you can get it if you need it.I doubted this little sweeper could get up the masses of lint from a plush , fleece blanket that shed quite a lot . But , low and behold , it did a tremendous job , and that 's when the brush comb came most in handy.It ca n't clean in the groove between Saltillo tiles , but that 's not a problem because I have a little cordless vac.I should mention that it picked up grass , leaves fallen from plants , match sticks fallen from lighting cooking candles , peat moss , plain old garden dirt , not to mention dust ... Get one ! I 'm pretty sure you 'll love it .
 This is an excellent carpet sweeper , but as many reviewers have noted the handle does not screw together so it is constantly falling apart . I had to glue the handle pieces together with Super Glue , after which it worked fine . I had previously purchased the Bissell `` Sweep Up '' -LRB- the light blue model -RRB- and its handle is threaded and screws together , so I would recommend that model instead .
 I bought mine from Ace about 2 months ago and LOVE it . I have 2 dogs and a cat , so I was vacuuming the living room and kitchen every day to do hair control . I now use this every other day . It picks up the hair very well , as well as kitty litter that gets kicked out of the pan . Some of the hair does get caught on the brushes , but that happens with my vacuum as well . I spilled some bread crumbs in the kitchen the other day and headed for the vacuum . Then , I decided to try this . It worked like a charm and was much easier . I 've tried a couple of other models/brands of this type of sweeper in years past , but they did n't work well . This particular model works like a charm . It does n't sub for a vacuum , but I did n't expect it to . It does what I wanted it to do and does it very well .
 For what this sweeper costs , it does twice what you would expect . I use this in a restaurant facility on daily basis and still works as good as the day I bought it .
 I do n't take the time to review most my purchases but this sweeper is great ! No , it 's not a Kirby that 'll lift your rug off the floor but it does exactly what you would expect from a sweeper . It 's great for a quick clean-up when you 've got small children that leave a trail of crumbs wherever they go . No batteries , no cord and very little noise so it 's not a problem when the kids are napping .
 I have used this sweeper on ceramic tile , carpet & bath rugs & it picks up the debris well & you get a little work out at the same time . I have regular electric vacuums but I like this better . I would definitely recommend it . It is durable since it 's made out of steel construction .
 I teach a second grade class , and this has been the perfect tool for us to keep the classroom clean between vacuumings . It even picks up pencil shavings ! The only problem I 've had with it is the handle . All the parts come apart . We fixed it up with some tape and have n't had any problems since though . It gets passed around to all the classrooms on my floor and it still works fabulously -LRB- except that the brush got lost somewhere -RRB- .
 Although this is a little less sturdy than I expected , and a bit small , it works pretty well for picking up stuff on the carpet . I personally hate to vacuum because of the noise , and the stress on my shoulder , so this little sweeper is a good alternative . It picks up a surprising amount of dirt , lint , and little wood chips that get tracked in from my husband bringing in wood for our woodstove.My main complaints if I could give Bissell suggestions would be that this sweeper makes an annoying rattling sound as it is used , and the rubber bumper tends to be easily dislodged.Other than that , I 'm pleased with the product .
 I needed a cordless sweeper to clean up after my 18 mos . old without having to lug out the vacuum which both the baby and the dog hate . This sweeper works great . It has no problem sweeping up the cheerios on th carpet .
 Use this baby everyday , its very handy & does n't require a plug . Wish the handle on this did n't come off so often , but otherwise a great gadget . Great around kids as it doesnt scare them like a regular vacuum .
 This little sweeper is great when you do n't want to lug the vacuum cleaner out . Great on floors . Only complaint is keeping the handle together keeps slipping out .
 Love this carpet sweeper ! It works so much better than our hand-held vacuum , which frequently gets clogged . This sweeper cleaned the carpet so it looked like new , then was very easy to clean with the attached brush so that the sweeper looked like new afterwards . We 'll have this for years , as opposed to the hand-held vacuum . Also nice that we can clean without noise -LRB- for those who have a sleeping toddler nearby that left a trail of cheerios to sweep up ! -RRB-
 I bought this for quick runs in between vacuums . Perfect ! Gets the cat hair on the hardwood floors and goes smoothly onto the carpet . Easy to open and empty.In the Fall it even did great job of getting up the wet leaves that track in on your shoes . I like that it does n't require a battery or electricity . I do n't recommend using it to do a whole room , but it sure can ! -LRB- our vacuum had broke and we had company coming -RRB- . Believe it or not it did as good a job as a vacuum , but unless your really fit , it makes your arms tired ! lol.Buy this for the modest price if you have pets and kids .
 Its a simple yet effect machine that does exactly what it was designed to do . the lack of electricity dependence is great because it allows you to just grab and use it any and every time you see something on the floor . a quick 1-2 . wont replace a proper vacuum , but will extend the time between vacuuming by a great deal .
 I recieved my Bissell Swift Sweep today as promised . Great alternative to a broom for the most part . Reminds me of when I was a kid and we didnt have an electric vacuum . It does the job with a little elbow grease to move it which is another plus because you get to burn calories while cleaning . Its just great to have on the side when you just have a small spot to hit with a vacuum . Who wants to brake out a vacuum for a foot print when you can use this bad boy 2 secs and it over , no plug up or wrapping a cord up . Its a great side piece of equipment for small jobs . I got it a day early and thats always a plus
 I recently remodeled my house and removed all the carpets then switched to area rugs . This little sweeper picks up the majority of the debris though it does n't do a great job with dog hair . The handle constantly comes apart which was really annoying - really , do they not test these things ??? - but double stick tape took care of the problem .
 this thing picks up everything from pet hair , dust , paper pieces ect.the handle was no problem i just put the pieces together tapped them on the hard floor . it has never come apart . so i do n't get that with some people ... a1 product , my three daughters want one now too !
 I bought this to sweep quickly in the few areas where we still have rugs or carpet . It 's very good for the sunroom -LRB- playroom when the grandkids come by -RRB- , for the wool area rugs -LRB- my upright vacuum is too hard on them -RRB- and for the rug by the kitchen sink that clings to its dirt when shaken and is almost digested by the upright . Perfect for a quick cleanup , even on the hardwood at times . It wo n't do the job a vacuum would , but it 's useful between big cleans.The added point of interest : My grandson LOVES to use my sweeper -LRB- He is 2 years old -RRB- He has a grand time cleaning the rugs when he visits . Since the top third of the handle does not stay on well , I just use it with 2/3 handle -- perfect for him , and stores nicely . My son joked that I ought to get grandson a sweeper for Xmas . So I have just ordered 3 more sweepers for presents -- one for each of my children . They all have 1 or 2 year olds , and if it 's not a hit as a toy , it is a very practical household item . More useful then most toys we buy for them!Bissell Swift Sweep Sweeper , 2201-2
 The day was quite with a slight haze on the horizon when in my show room the dust and dirt started to disappear , was it a freak whirl wind ? No it was the Bissell Swift Seeper!Truely this is a great little sweeper for the money , and it 's green !
 This is my favorite purchase this year !! I love it because I can quickly pickup small things on the carpet so I do n't Have to get out the big vacuum . It does ok on hard flooring , but works great on carpet !
 For $ 20 , it is a great reason to not lug out my Dyson to tidy up after my Senegal parrot is put to bed . Picks up feathers and food crumbs like a pro . Attaching the handle should pose no problem for anyone who can read .
 We love this for weekdays in between weekend vacuuming . It gathers tons of things off of rugs , carpets , and hardwood . The cherry on top is the little comb for our rugs .
 In order to not wake the baby I was using a Swiffer but did n't like it and then tried a dust mop after she went to bed . BUT , neither works on rugs , physically picks up crumbs , cat litter or pieces of anything . They are good for dusting though but that 's not my need . Also , we live in an old bungalow where every room has a threshold -LRB- where there were previously doors -RRB- so I 'd have to pick up piles of dust and cat hair in e-v-e-r-y room before proceeding to the next . Why not just vacuum then ? Noise , and it 's not good for quick pick up.I remembered my grandmother using one of these and picked it up a few months ago . I LOVE IT ! Yes , I still vacuum and mop my floors once a week but the cats and toddler make it necessary to clean every night . This thing picks up cat litter , crumbs , fur , even small pieces of food tossed on the floor by the baby , and holds it all in a container so I can carry it from room to room . True it does n't get in the corners but it does do a nice job with area rugs , under furniture and on the rest of the hardwood floors . Plus it 's small so you can just park it in any room if you 're interrupted . It 's easy to dump the dirt and you do n't have to bend down to do it like you do with a broom.Because there 's nothing electrical here , I hose it down once in awhile to get all the dust out . It 's a really convenient little tool . The toddler also loves to move it around the house so bonus for Mommy.The one thing I will say is get out duct tape as soon as you purchase it -LRB- buy black if you 're picky -RRB- and tape the seams of the handle . It gets loose after awhile and pops out sometimes . Annoying at first , then I just taped it together . That 's the only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 . The mechanism itself is great so buy it .
 This is a good product for small areas in your house . It is easy to put together and use . It is a manual swift sweeper that is not hard to operate . The company mailed the product very quickly to me . I am happy with my purchase .
 This vacuum was very good for the price it works well and was better than others I have had in the past . Over all great vacuum for the price
 This is a great sweeper for light carpets such as the one I have in the master bathroom . We have ceramic tile on the floor and it sure gets quite cold in the winter to walk on it . So , we installed a bathroom carpet and to use a regular vacuum cleaner only pulls up the corners of the carpet . The Bissell Sweeper is just handy for such a task . It works well in picking up dirt and lint .
 great for quick clean up of carpets and floors , saves pulling out vacuum cleaner nice and light also well made of steel not cheap plastic should last many years
 My husband does the vaccuming , but now he thinks this is just as good so naturally he loves this product . However , the handle keeps coming apart which is frustrating . Every so often I hear him swear and I know that once again the handle came apart .
 I bought this , not for cleaning up after a pet , but for cleaning up after my toddler ! It is great for picking up cheerios , puffs , and other food that gets all over the floor . I would n't recommend using this in place of a vacuum , but in addition to one . I just run it over the floor real quick after meals and snacks.The only reason I took off one star is because the handle does continuously fall apart unless glued together . After one day , I knew that was going to drive me nuts , so I used a little gorilla glue and now it 's perfect !
 I really like this sweeper ! It does just what I want -- picking up bits of this and that on all my rugs in between regular weekly cleanings with my Kirby vacuum . I have four cats and this does a really amazing job of picking up cat hair . And I 've had no trouble with the handle as I followed the instructions to whack it on something hard when I first put it together . I recommend this sweeper highly .
 Love It ! Picks up on carpet and floors , picks up dog hair , easy to use.Should have bought one long ago for those quick sweep ups in between vacuuming .
 This little sweeper was purchased to use in a winter home instead of a heavy electric sweeper . Just like my grandmother 's Bissell , it performs well for a small non-electric sweeper . Emptying it is easy , and it 's definitely not heavy .
 It 's a little smaller than I was expecting , but that turned out to be a plus because it fits into tight spaces . Does n't do good really close to the wall , but otherwise it picks up misc . dirt , hair , flakes of crud just fine . Easy to empty , too .
 This sweeper works great for area rugs , which is what I bought it for . Not great on hard floors , but I did n't expect it to be . OK on mid pile carpet , but again , I did n't expect this to be a vacuum/broom/sweeper . Just a sweeper . And it 's a good one !
 Purchased for my 86 year old mother . She needed something light for carpet touch-ups between vacuum cleaning . This is perfect and easy for her to use . No problems with the handle . I put it together with a rubber mallet .
 I got this to clean up the salt and sand tracked in from outside . It 's good for picking up crumbs and small items , too . Yes , it takes longer than an electric vacuum , but it 's much more quiet , and can be used in the middle of the night.It was easy to put together - Just read the instructions . Those who complained that the handle fell apart , probably did not read that you 're supposed to bang it upright on a carpeted floor -LRB- use a magazine if you have bare floors -RRB- to set the pieces together before attaching it to the base .
 This is the easiest sweeper I 've used since I was a kid . In fact , I remember my grandmother having one just like it ! What 's even better is that my teenager does n't even mind getting it out and helping sweep around the table after supper . It really works !
 I absolutely love this . After using it for the first time , I wondered why dint I order it before . It picks up absolutely every single dirt on the carpet . Does not require power or dragging along the big vacuum and struggling with the power cable . Easy to empty the dirt bin , and the additional comb helps to remove the hair easily off the brush . Does the work faster than the vacuum , and the carpet feels fresh . I do n't use the vacuum anymore.Note
 This sweeper helps our family tons by picking up crumbs from the floor around the dining area and all the nuts and seeds our parrots throw on the floor ! It works on bare floors , but not as well as on carpets . These used to be called `` carpet sweepers '' , until bare floors became all the rage ! I do n't have many bare floors so it is not a problem for us . I love being able to pick up debris without lugging out the huge heavy Dyson vacuum we have . Then when I do vacuum , there is a lot less work to do.Another reviewer mentioned a problme with the handle falling apart . I followed the directions to put the handle together -LRB- by banging it on the floor after putting the parts together -RRB- and it is fine . It has never fallen apart.Someone else mentioned that it is n't a very strong vacuum , maybe because it 's NOT a vacuum ! It is manual . These have been around since the turn of the 20th century and they work great without electricity , thank you very much.I like it a lot , I expect it to do what it is designed to do , and it does .
 This sweeper really works and the handle issue I see commented can be solved by a hammer or strong husband . I highly recommend this sweeper . The entrance carpet regularly gets crumbs and this sweeper picks them up . However I use it the most in the kitchen tile floor and a comfort rug I have . I have a small kitchen and after cooking a lot of crumbs end up on the floor , I wanted something I could have at hand to clean it fast without having to drag the vacuum out every day . I was skeptical this would work especially with all the ones announced with battery and all but this thing works like a charm . Also in the bathroom hair daily ends up on the floor and this one picks them up too.Emptying the trash is also very easy . I 'm happy I did n't go for one with battery because I do n't have to charge this one or have battery problems , I just take it out and it works on carpet , floor , rugs , everything . I highly recommend it . It also takes very little storage space.As for the handle when I put it together the top part kept falling so I asked my husband to apply his strength to it and problem solved , it 's just a matter of using force .
 I needed a quick sweeper for the nursery at church . Something durable but not expensive . Found it here in the Bissell Sweeper , 2201-2 . We have a low carpet in this space and this sweeper picks up food particles and lint easily . Good buy for little money !
 This does the job you 'd expect ! Compact easy to use . The handle is a lil chincy and may break down the road , but we use this on an area run in our living room all the time and it does a good job of a quick cleanup .
 I have dark carpet and a white cat so I need to vacuum the fur from the carpet daily . It 's a chore to get out the large vacuum cleaner so I thought I would get this for quick jobs . It does a very good job of picking up the fur and lint and does not require electricity . It must be emptied frequently or it will stop working properly . I have not had one incident with the handle coming apart because I read the instructions before putting it together . This sweeper does not replace the traditional vaccuum , but for a quick clean-up it does an excellent job .
 me encanto esta barredora.es muy sencilla , sin cables y muy ligera.ademas su precio es super accesible.para lo que esta disenada es perfecta . si quiere uno una limpieza masprofunda no es recomendable.pero si lo que quieren es que sus alfombras luzcan limpiecitas con muy pocoesfuerzo , esta es la barredora perfecta porque recoge cuanta migaja encuentra.un detalle negativo es que no funciona bien en los suelos duros . es mucho mejor en lasalfombras , sobre todo si son de pelo corto.tiene el defecto de que el brazo donde se sostiene , se zafa constantemente , perosi usted lo pega , con alun pegamento instantaneo o con una cinta adhesiva multiusos , el problema desaparece . por el precio , vale la pena .
 These are great . Light and easy to use . I have now purchased 3 for other family members . 1 arrived slightly damaged and the company sent me a replacement within 2 days .
 This has proved to be one my smartest purchases yet . Bought for an office where we do massage , using a vacuum to clean up lint , sand etc from the carpet is often just not possible due to noise . This sweeper works fantastic ! Picks up anything that 's visible , is quiet , and stores nicely . We have n't had any trouble yet with the handle coming apart like some other reviewers , but if we do it 's nothing a little duck tape wo n't fix . My only wish is that the head was larger and therefore covered more space . But all in all , a great tool for the times when lugging out a noisy vacuum is n't practical .
 This is a truly `` green '' product . It requires no electricity and gets the job done well . It is light and easy to maneuver .
 I bought this hoping it would be adequate for picking up things off of our hard floors . It 's easiest for me to do housework when my youngest is napping and I hate to drag out the Dyson and risk waking him . Initially I was n't very impressed with this product but after using it for about a month , I 've figured out the little quirks and am really enjoying having it.The rollers do n't rotate at the same rate as the wheels . Taking the relatively short strokes with it as I had been was n't getting the rollers to rotate enough to pick up much of anything . When I realized I needed to make longer strides with it efficiency improved considerably . Also , I 've learned that if I have something big to pick up , it 's easiest to just center the sweeper over whatever I want to pick up and then start sweeping . The rollers push it into the pan right away without pushing it all over the floor first so it makes it really easy to clean up the larger bits that it seemed were n't coming up when I used it before . With two very simple modifications , I 've pretty much fallen in love with this product . It does exactly what I expected it to do and it 's so easy to use . I can pull it out and sweep all my hard floors as often as I like with no hassle . I do n't even have to touch the crumbs and hair , which I love . I 've found that a few of our door mats actually come cleaner by using this than by vacuuming them . This makes cleaning up after 2 dogs and 4 kids almost effortless - quick and easy enough to stay on top of things without the stress . And that really ca n't be understated.I have n't had any issues with the handle falling apart and I 've been using it daily for about a month . I did jam it rather hard when I first assembled it , hard enough to break the little plastic cup at the handle end , actually . I really should 've saved that part for last but I was n't thinking . Still , I carry it by the handle all the time and it 's still sturdy . If it breaks it 's nothing duct tape ca n't fix . -LRB- Is there anything duct tape ca n't fix ? -RRB-
 Got four of these , three for gifts . They work GREAT compared to other similar type sweepers . Amazing how much pet hair they get off carpets . The handle would n't stay together , till my son told me I had n't read the directions . Something about jamming the handle onto the floor before attaching to the sweeper part , and that makes it all stay together . Now , it does . I would recommend this highly . Has a little problem picking up at edges of things , but bought this for two college sons and they love it . Picks up great on throw rugs when company is imminent . This size is a small and is great for storage . We think it 's fun to use !
 This is the only sweeper we would buy . They do n't build them any better . We had the first one for seven years of commercial use , then brought it home for two more years . This time I bought two Bissell 22012 Swift Sweepers . We use one in the garage , one in the basement and one on the main floor for quick clean-ups .
 We have two long hair dogs that shed a lot . This is a God send !!! Cleans up pet hair very quickly . Works well on loose dirt etc on carpet tends to be not as good picking up heavier objects on wood floors . Handel needs to be glued together so it wo n't come apart . I would NEVER want to be without one while owning pets ! Great value ! I am giving them as gifts to friends who have pets .
 Best sweeper for just getting the carpet done ! Helps maintain a neat space . Would n't be with out this sweeper ; very reliable ! Had it for a few years - now it 's time to change the brush .
 This Sweeper works just as good and the Bissell Powered Sweeper and it costs less and you do n't have to charge it . I recommend this to anyone looking to have a sweeper that does n't need to be powered and works excellent ! It really picks us everything the eye can see !
 This sweeper is perfect for your small carpets and area rugs when you do n't want to get the vacuum out . It does a very thorough job of cleaning quickly . Easy to put together when it arrives . Easy to use and easy to empty the collecting pan underneath .
 I just put together my new sweeper . Everything screws together . You screw the 4 pole sections together , screw on the handle , and screw the bottom pole into the sweeper . It all screws together tightly , I do n't see how anything would give you trouble as long as you tighten everything well.Other than that , it picks up quite well on both carpet and floors . I seem to track in little pebbles and it picked those right up off the floor , even one big enough to see without bending down . Looks like a great product , I 'm glad I bought it .
 I purchased this to use in a work area where my company provides janitorial services . This sweeper works great for everyday cleaning of small area rugs in offices and lunch rooms .
 I received this sweeper soon after I ordered it . Put together easily and works well . I have a cordless sweeper but it runs outquickly - this is always ready to go .
 At this price you ca n't beat it . We bought this one and another brrand at Bed Bath and Beyond . This Bissel one was much cheaper than the other one , and the Bissel one works so much better ! It picks up all the lint and dog hair that gets on my black rug in the entry way !
 Metal body , nice glide , quiet , cleans very well . I do agree with another review - use electrical tape on the 2 joints of the bar before you connect them . No problem !
 Oh , this is really neat . A manual sweeper than can pick up the kitty litter and kitty hair on either carpet or wood floor . Easy to assemble -LRB- remember to hit the top of the handle into carpeted floor really hard to set the handle in for good -RRB- . . Only thing that would be great is that it went into corners and closer to the wall , but for the price you ca n't beat it . Do n't have to get out the giant vacuum every day now .
 Great item for the money . Yes , my handle fell off , too . I taped it on . No biggie . It does pick up surface pet hair - I was concerned when I saw reviews saying it did n't pick up pet hair . I love it because it effectively picks up visible hair - I then use my vacuum to deep clean . For a quick spruce up , you ca n't beat this sweeper . I would n't want to do without it now .
 I 'm very satisfied with this sweeper . For $ 19.99 it is great at doing quick pickups . Make sure you follow the instructions when putting the handle together , and you 'll have no problems with it staying together .
 I have a long haired indoor/outdoor cat that not only leaves hair , but little flowers from a huge back yard tree , and miscellaneous other debris on my wooden floor -LRB- not mentioning the occasional bird -RRB- . This little sweeper picks up all the stuff quite nicely and is easy to empty . Very good to use daily , between regular vacuuming . I had been using a sort of dust mop that only pushes the stuff around . This is much better . Also picks up on a kitchen entrance rug nicely . I did n't want a cordless sweeper , as they have to stay plugged in some place , and no point in using that electricity . This is a great alternative . My cat finds it interesting . Some reviews said the handle falls apart . Mine has stayed together .
 im a college student with a small living area , so ive been looking for a good push broom and this was the best deal i found anywhere . u cant find these at target , and their too pricey at wall mart . i use this mostly on my carpet , but its great for smooth surface areas to , but the best part about it , is that its quiet and does n't need electricity.Ive also noticed that recent reviews have stated that the handles kept falling off -- but if you follow the instructions carefully like me , then ur handles will never fall off . *** my only complaint is that it does n't come with a tiny robot to clean the dustbins and sweeper brush , lol ** hope this review helps.regards , Johnny -- the cleanest dorm in history guy --
 Got this product to replace our Swiffer carpet thing , for which they no longer make the inserts.I had read in the reviews that people had problems with the handle coming apart , and that to make sure this did n't happen to hammer or bang the handle parts in place . I did just that , except the small plastic cap at the top of the handle split . I wrote Bissell for a replacement , and instead , they sent me an entirely new handle , with a much more robust cap -LRB- even has a grip . -RRB- Anyway , I am a very happy customer , and the sweeper works well .
 A very handy sweeper to pick up crumbs and dog hair or leaves from your carpet without the bother of getting out and hooking up your vacuum cleaner
 I bought this to pick up fragile watch parts that ca n't be seen by eye . When I drop a small part I sweep the area with the bissell , check the contents and usually find my part . A normal vaccuum would destroy them . This is not for large areas or thorough cleaning . Otherwise I clean with a Dyson .
 It 's very handy and worth the money . It helps me clean up my house in a few minutes . I am happy with this item .
 If I could have found a similar product in the same price range made in America I would have . This was made in China .
 A quick sweep of the room , this works for us . When rolling this around , I kind of wonder if it really is picking up anything , but when I go to empty it , stuff does come out . It comes with a little comb that clips on the handle to comb out the brush . It 's also good for kids to sweep the room with . I think the handle on it was just fine - actually one end of it was slightly crunched and I could n't get it to thread on , but my husband fixed it without a problem . He thought this sweeper is pretty handy .
 First off
 We have a large room rug in our living room and I was tired of dragging the vacuum out on a daily basis to clean up dog and cat hair , crumbs , etc. . The Bissel is precisely what I wanted and use it every day and do not have to worry about plugging anything in ... all I do is zoom it around , dump the trays and I am done . Thank you Amazon and Bissell !
 I love this for between vaccuum days . It picks up so much more debris than I thought it would . My 18 mo son uses it too -LRB- that 's mostly why I wanted it since he does n't use the vacuum very efficiently -RRB- . I removed two links in the handle and it is perfect for a toddler to use and maneuver and the bins even need to be emptied after he uses it ! Saves me some electricity and allows my son to be helpful .
 This is just what I wanted . It 's great to pick up the things that fall on the carpet and I do n't have to take the vacuum out as often . I *** LIKE *** that !
 This product does exactly what it 's promoted to do , no more , no less . Given the price , the light weight and the small footprint , and that it works for the job for which I bought it , I 'm happy with it . No problems with the handle and the snap-on `` comb '' is handy .
 This is excellent for area rugs . I use it almost every day . The handle is loose , but if fixed properly , it works fine .
 Have n't tried it on hardwood , but it work surprisingly well on our office carpet . I agree that they should rethink the way the handle attaches but for the money I 'm very pleased .
 I bought this carpet sweeper to clean up crumbs on an area rug under our kitchen table -LRB- I 've got a 5 and 2 year old -RRB- . Also thought it would be nice to clean up some lint on the carpeting . I 've never owned a carpet sweeper . This one does what I wanted and I was pleasantly surprised . Here 's the skinny after a night of rugged use :1 . It cleans up crumbs on an area rug pretty well as long as you go over the spot a couple times .2 . It picks up lint after a couple passes , but let 's face it ; it is not a vacuum , you do n't get a deep clean .3 . Yes , like many of the other reviews , the handle comes apart easily . Luckily I have some black duct tape which will take care of it - no big deal . I expected this based on previous reviews .4 . It seems to not work on tile at all . I would avoid it if that is what you are looking for .5 . It is easy to push and relatively quiet . No motors .6 . Easy to empty .
 Well i got this carpet sweeper because my two year old freaks out when i use the vacuum . The handle comes apart easily -LRB- I will try the duct tape on previous reviews -RRB- but otherwise it is a good little sweeper :-RRB- I am happy with it .
 I BOUGHT THIS SWEEPER FOR MY BROTHER IN LAW.HE WAS SERVING IN IRAQ , HE JUST GOT BACK , TOLD ME IT WAS THE BEST GIFT EVER !!!!!!!!!
 I love the sweeper . I 'm able to clean the carpet and use it on my hardwood floors . The canisters are easy to empty . There is a little comb that comes with it to clean the brush . The sweeper is easy to assemble . My only complaint is that the handle comes in pieces so you have to make sure you attach all the pieces tightly or the handle keeps coming apart . It 's easy to put back on , just annoying when the bottom falls off as I 'm carrying the sweeper to the rug . For this reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 .
 OK ... so I read the reviews before buying this and knew that the handle had a tendency to fall apart unless hammered -LRB- or duct taped -RRB- . I bought the broom anyway , and followed the instructions -LRB- which do say to hammer the handle together -RRB- except I did n't hammer the handle . My kids were asleep , so instead I used the handle to pull myself up from the ground , putting all of my weight on it . I used the sweeper and the handle fell apart . So despite being worried I 'd wake my kids , I proceeded to hammer the handle to make sure the pieces stayed together . I used the sweeper and it stayed together . Then my son used it , then I used it again ... and the handle fell apart . So I got out my hammer and I hammered the heck out of that handle !!! I 've used the sweeper at least three times a day for the last week -LRB- I use it every time my extremely messy 1 year old eats -RRB- and I feel very confident saying that the handle is never going to come apart again . OK ... so now on to it 's performance . THIS SWEEPER IS A DREAM COME TRUE for me and my husband -LRB- who was usually the one stuck vacuuming each and every night -RRB- . This is so much easier than a vacuum or broom and it works on my low pile carpet as well as tiled floors -LRB- I have n't tried it on my hardwood yet -RRB- . What 's better is that my 3 year old has deemed it `` his vacuum '' and has taken it upon himself to clean up after my 1 year old eats every meal !!! Talk about wonderful ! So mom 's of messy toddlers , BUY THIS SWEEPER !!! Just be sure you have your hammer ready !
 Years ago I inherited a Bissell Sweeper from my mom . Years passed , we moved , I do n't know what happened to it . I found the identical sweeper on Amazon for about the same price that it cost 30 years ago ! I immediately ordered it and am very happy I did . Now , when I do n't feel like hauling out the heavy carpet vacuum cleaner , I can do a quick pick up on my carpets -LRB- have two indoor cats -RRB- with my Bissell . It does a very good job for in-between cleanings , is lightweight , and easy to empty . Thanks Amazon .
 I bought this because I have some cats that do n't get along and have to keep litter boxes upstairs . I did n't want to constantly haul my vacuum upstairs and scare the timid kitties who live there . So I got the idea of an old-fashioned carpet sweeper . But this has proved so much more useful than just to pick up bits of litter . I take it down to my dining room where I have a kilim rug that always bunches when I use the vacuum on it , and this little carpet sweeper cleans it up perfectly . And I just run it over the carpets from time to time when there 's a little cat hair or bits of paper , and it does the job just fine . Quiet , time saving , a great product .
 My parents had one of these all through their 60 year marriage . Since I seldom get around to taking out the electric vacuum cleaner for the kitchen carpet , I thought about this kind . I was delighted to find Bissell still made them and ordered one right away . It performs really well on little crumbs and dog hair and is really easy to empty . My husband was amazed that anything not electric was still worthwhile . Not perfect but a big help and sure worth the money !
 It cleans the carpet pretty well ! I have a dog , so I was looking for a substitute for vacuum . I 'm glad that I have this carpet sweeper . It picks up dog 's hair and litters well ; plus it does n't scare my dog ! Now I use it everyday , and only vacuum at weekends .
 Bissell Swift Sweep is a Great little sweeper.It cleans on wood flooring , carpet and just about anywhere.Easy to clean out easy to use.This is a GREAT Little sweeper and free shipping with Prime .
 This sweeper is awesome . I remember my Mother had one when I was growing up . Recently I looked for one and found this one . Its great whe you do n't want to break out the vacuum . it works very well and is very light . Easy to empty too . Love it .
 this thing is amazing , its does everything i want it to do . too bad the handle sucks but hey something a lil tape can handle
 This product is very good . Sometimes you need to go over stuff a couple of times before it picks it up . It works very well otherwise . I use it when my baby is taking a map because it is quiet .
 Of all the things I have purchased recently , this is my favorite . I moved to a beautiful apartment not long ago and unlike the home I had , this place is totally covered with carpet . And I have two cats ! I had to get a vacuum , of course , and it works very well . However , it is very heavy and adds to the horrible arthritic pain I suffer with especially down my spine . This BISSELL SWIFT SWEEP SWEEPER 2201-2 is used every day and it is awesome at how well it does . Other reviewers did say that they had trouble with the handle staying together , and knowing that , the problem was solved immediately . Consequently , I have had no problem . It is small and very light weight . I did n't think that it would do as good a job as it does including picking up cat hair . I can even use it in my kitchen where my cats spill their dry food on the tile floor and it picks that up too . I highly recommend this product and you will be doing yourself a favor .
 Perfect for keeping the extras from the cat box cleaned up with out taking out the vacuum everytime recommend anyone who has a cat box to get one !
 Bissell Carpet Sweeper - I have used this item several times and it is exactly what I need for quick cleanups . Now I only vacuum every other week , because I do n't have to worry about cat hair , crumbs , etc. . If you push the handle in tightly , it will not come off . I understand this has been a problem for some . I would recommend this product .
 this is just what i needed for quick pick-ups . great for scatter rugs . works on bare floor . one problem ... the handle comes apart . i 'm going to fix that problem with some gorilla glue .
 Picks up dog hair and other junk great . The handle issue , I used a hammer and just some light tapping -LRB- no marring of plastic on either end of handle -RRB- made the pieces stay together . It is much better for quick cleaning then pulling the out the vacuum all the time . I am totally happy with it .
 I bought this product based on its reviews . I also had a bit of trouble with the handle falling apart at first . After assembly , I had banged it on the -LRB- magazine on the -RRB- floor as directed by a couple of the reviewers . The top part still came off . So I unscrewed the handle , reassembled the top part and turned it upside down and , this time , banged the top part of the handle on the floor . This made it all snap together and I have not had any further trouble with the handle coming apart since.Otherwise , the product is very handy to have around for a quick sweep daily . Works great and is so easy to empty . Does not work in corners and along baseboards and is a bit noisier than I thought it would be but , overall it gets my floors and carpets clean quickly and easily . So lightweight too . It 's great ! One of my best purchases of the past 12 months . I will get another for upstairs.Best price was from Ace Hardware . Quick delivery too .
 We purchased this sweeper for quick cleanups , especially for the messes made by our baby during feedings . Without much effort , it picks-up the majority of the crumbs and leaves the floor looking halfway decent . Does it do as a good a job as a powered vacuum ? No - nor were we expecting it would . Does it do a respectable job of keeping the floor clean enough between `` real '' vacuuming sessions , sure does . It 's worked for us on hardwood floors , our low-pile carpeting as well as Oriental rugs . For the price we paid -LRB- low $ 20s -RRB- , it makes it easy to do light cleaning with one hand while holding the baby and was well worth the cost .
 just wanted something to touch up the rugs with after our battery powered shark died . Affordable replacements are non - existent now , but this child-powered one works just great .
 This sweeper is great for small jobs when you 're in a hurry . I try to use before I go to bed at night throung the traffic patterns so the house looks good the next morning . I does a pretty good job . I probably woud rate it higher if the handle was more stable
 This sweeper does the job that it is designed to do . I like the little comb that comes with it to remove hair from the roller brushes .
 This sweeper does a fine job of cleaning up ; much better than I would have expected for a manual sweeper . The only reason that I did n't give it five stars is that the dumping mechanism is a bit awkward . There is a lip on the container , so you have to reach in and dirty your hands in order to thoroughly dump it .
 This is one tool that I wonder how I have lived without ... it 's a jewel picking up lint , crumbs , etc. . Reduces the time spent with a heavy vacuum .
 first my grandmother use it , than my mother use and now I 'm use and my daughters too this is so great to use .
 i never thought that a carpet sweeper could do such a great jpb.i use my sweeper every day . its light weight , picks up the dirt , and is saving energy . its silent too !!!!
 This sweeper works effortlessly . I had one like this for 10 years , before I got this one .
 This works just fine ; no problems with it ; ca n't beat it for the money and remember , it 's not a vacuum cleaner .
 I own a store , and I have a typical commercial , heavy-duty carpet . People are constantly dragging in leaves and dirt , and during cottonwood bloom season , the seeds just keep appearing . I ca n't pull out the vacuum cleaner while customers are coming and going , but sometimes I just need to sweep the carpet , and this does the trick.While assembling it , I made sure to really jam the handle together . Nothing but the tension of the jamming together of the handle keeps the middle of the handle together . The bottom screws into the frame , but unscrews easily , too . I can see why some people are reporting problems with the handle.For me , the rubber bumper has fallen off so many times that I have n't bothered to put it back on . I do n't really need it in my commercial environment.The brushes do a nice job of sweeping both my regular carpet , as well as the even firmer pile of my floor mats . It does such a well job that most of the year I no longer do daily vacuuming.Essentially , dollar for dollar , this has been a very good purchase despite its shortcomings .
 I tried several sweepers even one of those battery deals and this one beats them all . I had an older one just like it and my son took it to college but could n't find one local so Amazon came through , had it in like 2 days .
 A couple years ago I purchased one of those cordless broom vacs -LRB- Electrolux -RRB- . It worked OK but I was annoyed by the short battery life and the less than stellar suction . As time went by of course the battery got weaker and weaker and since the battery was n't replaceable -LRB- nice design guys ! -RRB- I found myself in the market for a replacement and I did n't want to spend $ 100 on something that would have all the same limitations.I found myself looking at these sweeper things and wondered how well they would work , especially since my wife thought they only worked on carpet . I could n't really make a decision based on on-line browsing so I did n't buy anything.Today I found myself looking at the selection of a large hardware chain store -LRB- who shall remain anonymous -RRB- and I saw this little guy tucked in between all the other cordless broom devices . There was no price but I knew it could n't be too much from my research . I grabbed one of the three remaining boxes and headed for the checkout.It turned out to be $ 19.99 which is actually less than the price I am currently seeing at Amazon . I got it home , unboxed it and screwed the handle sections together , then screwed the handle on to the sweeper . Total assembly time was less than 2 minutes . I was concerned about the 4 handle sections but they appear to be metal and there is a lot of threaded interface between sections so I do n't think I will have any problems with durability.So , after 2-3 hours of ownership what do I think ? I 'm pretty happy with the purchase . This unit does work on both carpet and on my hardwood and vinyl floors . I really bought it for the hard floors . We live on an 82 acre farm so dirt is constantly getting in . The sweeper has some trouble with items that are too big to end up under the unit where the brush is but it did a really good job on those bits of dirt , lint and other things that show up so prominently on a white floor . Occasionally more than one pass is required to get everything but I had that issue with the cordless vac too.It 's very easy to push on hard floors , more effort seems to be required on carpet . I find I need to push down some on the handle to get the wheels to grip . It did a surprising job with the bird food pellets around my parrot 's cage but was less effective on some cat hair . It would pick it up but if you went the other direction the hair would come back off the brushes and smear into the carpet . In those cases I may be forced to bend over to deal with the troublesome item . Oh ! The horror ! : -RRB- Emptying is easy . There are two dust bins on the bottom . Hold the sweeper over the trash can , push one one side and the bin pops open and almost everything falls out . I did have to reach in and help some cat hairs/lint on their way . Even so this is a huge improvement over the cordless vac which was supposed to be easy to empty but really was n't . The bins are pretty big so I do n't think I will have to empty it more than every few days-maybe even weekly.Why four stars ? Edges . This sweeper has a single brush located in the center of the sweeper . The closet you are going to get to a wall is about two inches if you are parallel to it and 4-5 if you try running up to it . It might be that you have to get out a broom for a couple minutes to quickly sweep your edges out to where this sweeper can reach . This is one area the cordless vac had an advantage since the brush was not only closer to the edge but there was some suction to help pull some things off the wall.Would I buy it again ? Yes , I think I would . The price is right . It 's way less expensive than a good cordless vac and for just keeping the floors looking respectable between real vacuuming this should fill the bill quite nicely . There are no batteries to deal with and no charging-just grab it and go . It does have issues with edges but it 's pretty quiet and I might burn some more calories pushing this thing than I would the cordless vac .
 The broom itself functions absolutely perfectly . Push it around the room and prepare to be surprised by the amount of debris you pick up . I have two dogs who have dedicated their lives to bringing in leaves and sticks from the back yard and shredding them on the living room carpet , and this sweeper takes care of that without a problem ... but then you have the handle . It 's 4 pieces of enamel-coated tubing that need to be stuck together to make the complete handle . The weird thing is that there 's no way to join them securely . They do n't screw together , they do n't twist and lock into place , they just push together , one tube inside another . It relies on friction only to keep them together , so they come apart shockingly easily . It amazes me that Bissel designed such a great piece of equipment , but then decided to ignore the part that allows you to use it while standing.My solution was as simple as could be . Once the handle broke apart in the center I unscrewed it from the base , stood it up , and pounded on the top with a rubber mallet . It has n't come apart since.Overall , I love this sweeper .
 This sweeper works well for me on area rugs and hardwood floors alike . It picks up a variety of messes , from dirt to cat hair to toddler snacks to bits of paper . It is easy to empty the dual trays , and it holds a fair amount of dirt in the trays . However , it does n't work as well on super shaggy rugs , which really is n't surprising -- it 's hard to get anything out of really long pile . My son has a novelty rug with extra long pile ; he has to shake it out and then use the sweeper on the wood floor to pick up the dirt . I do n't think there is a lot that can be done to improve that , though , since even vacuums have trouble with rugs of that sort.My biggest problem with the sweeper is the handle . It simply will not stay together . It ships in sections that you then push together . But no matter how hard I shove the sections together , they eventually fall apart -- often when carrying it to be emptied , dumping dirt all over the floor . If it were threaded , I think it would hold together much better than just popping the sections into place . I would definitely like to see that improvement . Other than the handle falling apart at inconvenient times , it works well . I would buy it again -LRB- maybe along with a tube of super glue ! -RRB- .
 Sometimes the simple items are the best ! This is a handy sweeper to have around . No cords , no charging , no batteries , just grab it and it is ready to use ! Great for most floor types ! Does n't get the deep down dirt in the carpets , but for everything else , it is great ! I would recommend it to anyone !!
 Im glad I read reviews reminding to hammer the segments together . My pieces have not come apart since my daughter tried it out before I was finished assembling . We both use it and she loves it . It picks up quite well much better than I had expected . Hopefully she can start helping me out more with this . I havent emptied it out yet although I know its full . One issue is the rubber bumper keeps coming off its annoying but not a deal breaker and not really necessary for us anyway .
 I was highly skeptical about the claims that it picks up pet hair , but it really does , surprisingly well . Worth the price for that alone , as it 's so much easier to clean the brushes than it is for a regular size vac.It 's quick to grab and use , very lightweight , and takes care of high traffic areas in no time . Does a great job for the amount of effort it takes . It even picks up the hay that gets tracked around from my daughter 's guinea pig cage.We 're moving , so for easier future transport , we have n't yet pounded in the handle as per the instructions . Because of this , it does occasionally fall apart , though infrequently enough that it is n't a big deal . Very confident that once it 's put together firmly , it 'll stay together.You 'll still need a vaccuum cleaner for corners and possibly for an occasional deep clean . A broom does a better job just as easily on solid floors . But for the money and for the purpose , this product is fantastic .
 I just assembled my Bissell . When I realized that the handle pieces did n't lock in , I knew there was going to be a problem . I hit each piece with a hammer , and now they are jammed in there pretty good . If they somehow come out later , I 'll just stick some crazy glue in all 3 sections -LRB- the 4th one screws in -RRB- . When I ran it over my low pile carpet , it pushed around a few pieces of lint before the top handle fell off . This frustrated me , but after I got a good lower grip and put a little pressure on it , it picked up all the lint and things sitting on top . The best it that it easily picks up the many pieces of my long hair that fall out everywhere.I originally was going to right a bad review out of frustration , but after a few hammer swings and a little pressure while rolling it , it 's doing it 's job . I hope it does well on the hardwood and marble tile .
 My 9 month old is very afraid of the vacuum , so every time I need to my husband has to take him outside until I am finished . By using this handy little sweeper , I can clean up any loose dirt in his play area everyday and I only have vacuum once a week . It works well on our hardwood , tile , and carpet !
 I bought this sweeper with the intention to use it in the bathroom to pick hair up off the floor in between bathroom cleanings and vacuuming . This sweeper was not very good at picking up hair from the tile floor . However , I found it 's great for a quick clean up elsewhere around the house . Especially on low pile area rugs . It 's quiet so the baby does n't wake up . I 'm amazed at how much dog hair and crumbs it gets . It 's also light enough for my 22-month toddler to use . I finally have a cleaning helper !
 I have 2 very old dogs who seem to be losing more hair and have kibbles stashed on the carpeting . I love having a clean rug , was vacuuming daily , and was getting frustrated when I remembered that my mom had a Bissell carpet sweeper for quick cleaning . So , I bought this more than reasonably priced product and have been extremely satisfied with the results . It picks up virtually all surface flotsum and the carpeting looks terrific when I 'm through . I love this product for its quality brush system and ease of use . It easily empties . It has genuinely simplified my daily housekeeping routine . It is my favorite Amazon buy of the year .
 Was pleasantly surprised on how well this worked even on plush carpet . Picks up well and is perfect for spot sweeping My socks shed cotton a lot and this picks that right off a deep plush carpet . -- The below is for fun -- I do n't know how this thing works It seems to have some sort of focused gravity field . It must be alien technology . I think it is powered from static electricity cause it works best if I move it back and forth a few times . Can not promise safety for small children and pets . You never know what gravitonic alien technology might do to them !
 I have cats so this is great for swiftly sweeping up hairs and such . But the handle is really long and tends to get stuck which can be irritating .
 This works wonders ! I have dogs and they leave fur on my carpet all the time ! This sweeper makes my carpet look like new ! Its also very easy to empty and maintain . I would recommend this to anyone with pets or children who need a quick way to clean up there floors !
 I can not believe that I have lived to the age of 73 and not explored the convenience and good job that a carpet sweeper does . We have burgandy carpet , of course , every tiny speck of lint or teeny piece of dry grass shows up . Just one pass of this over and it is gone . It is the most inexpensive I could find as when making an initial investment on something that not used before I have a tendancy to want to &#34; try out &#34; . Have used for three or four months now . This one is good and will buy another when this one wears out .
 She loves this . It 's lightweight and easy to use . It does a sufficient job on the floors . Sure beats having to unwind an electric cord and use a heavy vacuum .
 I use this sweeper mostly to clean up the dining room after the kids ' meals . It 's great for picking up the food crumbs , as long as they are not stuck to the pretty low-shag wall to wall carpet . Occasionally I would go over the living room and pick up random crumbs . It 's somewhat worrying how much hair and lint this thing picks up - makes me regret having vacuumed so little in the past ... This sweeper is sturdily built . The body and handle are metal and the brushes quite dense . Some people complained about the height of the handle . I 'm 5 ' 8 &#34; and it 's okay for me . Maybe adding another half an inch would be nice , but not a big deal .
 It takes a little effort but does a good job with cleaning crumbs etc. , mess . Very handy , useful tool especially if you have kids . I 'm happy with the purchase .
 I have owned several Bissell sweepers over the years and this one is the best by far . The sweeping head is slightly smaller than my other sweepers but this is great as I can get into spots I previously could not . The two dust bins are easy to empty and hold quite a bit . The handle is longer than my last Bissell and being tall , I really appreciate the extra length . The handle comes in segments so if you do n't want the length , just do n't install the final link . I bought this sweeper for low pile carpet sweeping and it works great for dust , dirt and cat hairs . Thanks , Bissell !
 easy to assemble and store away . easier than pulling out the large vacuum for everyday lint , dust and other small particles dragged into the carpet .
 Great price and works as advertised . The handle works perfect for me , and i 'm sure for you too if you follow the directions , meaning you have to put the handle on a hard surface vertically after assemblage and knock on it a few times with a hammer to really have them firmly attached together . Really easy and simple , people are just too lazy or not paying attention to the assembly instructions.It makes a guy like me would n't mind sweeping the bathroom and kitchen floor .
 I bought the Bissell Swift Sweep because I was looking for an inexpensive way to do light cleaning on my outdoor carpeting without having to lug a heavy vacuum to the back porch . This sweeper does the job adequately . It does n't pick up every last particle , but it picks up a fair amount and keeps the dirt and debris under control -LRB- I have two young children who play outside frequently , leaving behind sequins and other craft items , along with sand , sticks , grass , etc. -RRB- . As an added plus , I can bring it inside to quickly sweep up large items from my tile floors and rugs -LRB- bits of playdough , flower petals , cheerios -RRB- . It does n't replace my broom and dustpan or my vacuum cleaner , but it does supplement them nicely . The included brush comb clips to the handle , which is a nice touch . The dustpans are large and easy to empty .
 I < 3 this thing.When we had to get rid of our dogs I kept trying to figure out WTH people with toddlers and no pets do . Now I know they use a sweeper after every meal.It 's true the handle comes undone -LRB- hence the 4 star rating -RRB- but I just superglued it . Not a big issue . I 've had it 4 months or so and it 's still holding.My 2 year old loves to push it around but it 's akward so I 'm looking for a mini version so he can clean up his own mess .
 This picks up as well as my vacuum , is less hassle to empty and clean , and is so quiet I can use it when the kids are asleep even in the hallway right by their doors . I would recommend it to anyone.Tip
 I have an area rug that shows every bit of lint , etc. . It gets lots of traffic so the Swift Sweeper if perfect to sweep up without having to drag the big vacuum cleaner out . The only drawback is , the handle kept coming apart every time I lifted the sweeper , so I taped the three parts of the handle together .
 This inexpensive little sweeper is wonderful ! I hate dragging out my vacuum hose but I like to keep up with the dog hair and crumbs . This sweeper does the trick . There 's no cord , there 's no noise to wake the baby and it 's small enough to get in the corners where hair collects . I still have to drag out the vacuum at least once a week . But , a quick swipe over the floors and carpets with this keeps the place clean and tidy and it 's amazing how much hair and dirt I shake out of it . I love this !
 it is awesome i use it in my classroom and it is easy to use and is easy storage i love it
 I like this sweeper a lot , does the job I need it to do , would buy it again and highly recommend it
 We use this sweeper on our flat rugs AND bare floors to pick up cat litter , cat hair -LRB- did I mention that we have cats ? -RRB- , and human crumbs . It works perfectly and quickly , collecting a surprising amount of debris . And you do n't have to go over and over the same area . The handle components occasionally have to be re-tightened but I have not had any problem with the handle coming apart . I can not say how this might work on carpets or shaggier rugs .
 Greatest little product for the money I have bought in a long time . Not for deep cleaning , but invaluable for quick cleanups when company will be there I five minutes . Would n't be without it !
 This sweeper has made housekeeping so much easier for me ! I can quickly get up dog hair without getting out the vacumn cleaner , lugging it around , and putting up with the noise . My house is cleaner all the time because this sweeper is so efficient and easy to use .
 Like previous posters , I remember my grandmother 's very old , heavy Bissell carpet sweeper . She never had a vacuum cleaner ; the old Bissell sweeper was good enough . This is nothing like that one . And I , too , have the same complaint about the handle
 This little sweeper is perfect for anyone who has an area rug , or not enough carpeting to warrant buying an actual vacuum .
 I have had the sweeper for two weeks and love it . It does great on low carpet and bare floors . The handle does come in pieces and they fall apart as you use it . However , I used JB Weld on the pieces and they will never come apart.I highly recommend !
 I have a dog and a cat and a small area rug , and it just felt so wasteful each time i took out the Dyson , so i decided to give this little sweeper a try . Had it for over 4 months now , and it still works great . Both my cat and dog do n't shed a lot , and whatever hair they do shed is picked up by Sweeper just fine . For smaller pieces of crumbs , i sometimes have to run it over several times , but it takes just a few extra seconds for that , so i am still happy with Sweeper -LRB- and no longer feel bad about plugging in the Dyson for such a small job -RRB- . I keep Sweeper near the rug , so it does n't get moved around much , and the handle has NOT fallen out on me as I used it .
 I have two toddlers who are terrified of the vaccuum , and those with toddlers know just how messy they can be . So I bought this to help with inbetween cleaning , when Daddy was n't around to take the kiddos somewhere else , and was blown away by how well it worked !!! It picked up everything from cockie crumbs to hair . And I have not had any problems with the handle , as reported in other reviews . I am extremely happy with my purchase .
 I am another surprised and pleased purchaser of this amazing little sweeper.My new office has dark green carpet that shows every tiny bit of dust and lint . No way was I going to get out the big upright vacuum after each client . With this little device it takes seconds to pick up the dirt on my carpet.Just for fun I ran it down the ceramic tiled entry way and it picked up everything I could see , from construction muddy footprints to almost invisible pieces of thread . Cleaning the two carpeted steps leading down to my office is a snap.And the cost . With the free shipping I should buy a bunch to give out as gifts . I know everyone would love it .
 It 's really easy to get out and use , because it 's really light . It 's suction is n't very strong , but it 's enough to pick up surface dust quickly . My wife really likes it . She never uses a regular vacuum anymore , because of the weight .
 Good for the price ! Sometimes you have to go over things twice , but it picks up my sons Cheerios !
 THIS WORKS MUCH BETTER THEN I EXPECTED ! THE HANDLE TENDS TO COME APART BUT I EXPECTED THAT AND IT WAS A QUICK EASY FIX , GOOD SALE AND FAST SHIPPING!THANK YOU .
 I own and run 2 math tutoring centers and our students bring in small snacks like pretzels and crackers . We also make popcorn on occasion so our floors can get a bit messy . These units have worked very well for picking up crumbs and small objects on low pile carpet . In addition , my daughter had a friend spill a bunch of jumping beans all over our bare basement floor and this unit was a champ.I 've had people comment that these work better than a electric vacuum and I rely on them a lot.What I 've found after extensive use over 10-11 months is that the units stop working in part because they brushes get clogged . We have cleaned out the brushes several times cutting out hair and lint and other debris that clogs them , but the units are hardly like new . I guess this is not so bad considering the units only cost about $ 25 . Still , if I have to purchase a new one every year - after 4-5 years that 's about the same time I 'd expect an electric vacuum to work . I 'm not a fan of just throwing things away so I may order new brushes . We did n't use these units that heavily , maybe 3-4 times a day to pick up debris under 5 or 6 chairs and a few tables.I did call the Bissell support line to ask if they had any tips about cleaning the units and they were n't too helpful . They said I could order new brushes or order a new unitl.Overall , I 'd still give this unit 4 stars as it worked very well and did what it needed to do . I was n't looking for something to do the job of a vacuum , just a quiet unit that would clean up debris until we could vacuum after we closed and this works great for that .
 There are a lot of reviews on here about the handle coming apart . Yes it does seem to work itself loose in the short week that I 've owned it . But for Pete 's sake it 's a $ 25 push sweeper . If you 're looking for a really durable product get a Dyson or a Hoover power vacuum . You should expect to get what you pay for.That aside , this thing does a great job of picking up the smallest debris around your house . Do n't feel like getting out your vacuum and plugging it in then connecting needed adapter to get to that hard to reach spot ? Just pull this out of the closet instead and knock out that crumb mess in your living room . This little vacuum gets those easy jobs that you do n't want to go to a lot of effort for . Get it . If you 've got an issue with the vacuum handle , take the suggestions on here and add some electrical tape or some carpet tape to hold it on . I just remember to check the handle whenever I get it out of the closet .
 I bought the Bissell swift sweep for my mom , she totally loves it as it is easy to use and she can carpet each room in the house without having to pull out the vacuum and no loud noise ... . very reasonable and economical does a very thorough job on the carpets and floors without any hassle ... . Thanks Bissel and Thanks Amazon .
 This little , quiet , sweeper is perfect for the environment that I work in . It allows for employees to clean up cracker crumbs and little dirt without the ugliness of a broom and dust pan . Easy to empty out and very durable . Im thinking about getting one for my home . GREAT BUY !!!
 I bought this at Lowes Home Improvement for 9.97 - it 's their regular price . The handle pieces do come out but do n't despair ! I had some carpet tape -LRB- double-sided -RRB- lying around and wrapped only a small piece around each end before I put it back together . It works like a charm . For how long , I do n't know , but for the price I paid and how well it works otherwise , it will be worth investing in another role of tape in about a hundred years or so.I ca n't drag the vacuum out all the time , do n't want to and besides the dogs go nuts . This works as well as the carpet sweeper I remember pushing around as a little girl so I gave it an extra star for nostalgia . Gets all crumbs -LRB- do n't expect it to get ground in dog hair -RRB- and gets all lint & small things you 'd normally drag out the Hoover for . And No electricty needed !! If you miss the sound however , you can always hum !
 I recently bought this sweeper . It works great and is easy to empty into the trash . I had read the reviews of others and was concerned about the handle - it seemed some people really were having problems with it . I got the item , read and followed the very simple directions and there is no problem with mine . It does not fall apart . It works perfectly . Here is the deal - the handle is made up of a few short metal tubes . As per the directions you assemble the handle and then place the handle -LRB- NOT attached to the sweeper yet -RRB- on a hard surface and tap with a hammer to set the handle pieces in place . Then connect to the sweeper . One end of the handle is threaded and it simply screws onto the base . My handle is secure - it does not fall apart . I can pick it up by the handle - no problem . I do not doubt that if I had not followed the directions that -LRB- now ? -RRB- come with the sweeper and simply attached the handle together , that it would constantly fall apart.I bought the sweeper to pick up small pieces of dirt that my dog brings into the house - however it does a great job on a wide range of little things . The only two floor surfaces I have used it on are my low pile carpet and tile floor . It works GREAT on both . I love how quick , light , small , and well it works . I highly recommend this sweeper .
 I have used my sweeper about 3 times now and it works quite well on our Pergo -LRB- laminate -RRB- floors ... it picked up cat hair , crumbs , small leaves with no problem . It also works pretty well on our low pile carpet -LRB- again , crumbs , cat hair and grass -RRB- as well as the throw rugs in the kitchen -LRB- dried coffee grounds -RRB- . As another reviewer mentioned , the handle fell apart the first time I used it , but black electrical tape is a good fix . I like the fact that I do n't have to drag out the big , heavy vacuum cleaner and scare the cat -LRB- due to the noise -RRB- !
 This is a good little sweeper . I got it to sweep-up cat litter on low pile carpet between my vacuumings ; and that it does . I esp . like the comb -LRB- included -RRB- that comes in handy when you 're cleaning the bristles , it then attaches to the sweeper 's pole so you do n't loose it -- nice feature , it 's made of all metal construction so it wo n't crack like the plastic ones do . In this item , quality actually superceeds the price.Sincerely , E.Morton
 For many people who are having problems with the handle , you just need to follow the instructions - Bang the handle until it is fixated!The sweeper itself is easy to clean and use . The only drawback is the pick-up brush is located in the middle of the sweeper , so it 's hard to use when I try to clean corners .
 I 'm a low-voltage contractor . I usually work in office buildings where I remove and replace ceiling tiles in order to install cable . I bought this little gem to clean up the crumbs and small debris that always fall from the ceiling tiles . WHAT A GREAT PERFORMER !! It does exactly what I wanted it to do ! And its QUIET and dustless , which is very important around offices where the phone is in use or meetings are being held.Now , do n't expect too much ! This IS NOT A VACUUM !!! It 's a push-around spinning brush with a pan to catch what it picks up . It 's GOOD ENOUGH to get the floor looking good until the night crew comes through with the real vacuums . I guess that means that it 's a terrific little `` light cleaner '' . Do n't expect it to get up dust -LRB- like spilled flour -RRB- or dog hair.As to the persistent gripes that the handle falls apart , the handle is shipped in 4 segments in order to keep the box small . The ends are tapered so that they fit into one another , with a rubber cap on the top and a female threaded pocket at the bottom to attach to the sweeper 's yolk . The first time I put them together , they separated after a short period . I then smacked the the top of the handle very hard -LRB- downward -RRB- against the floor and they have never budged again ! If the problem ever comes back , I 'm confident that 4 drops of super-glue would do the trick.It works best on medium pile carpet , can be a little harder to push on thick carpet , and performs `` OK '' on bare floors.In summary : - Handle is fine if you possess any amount of common sense-Works best on smaller to medium debris -LRB- crumbs , etc. -RRB- - Works best on medium weight carpet-Is NOT going to replace a real vacuum , but for what it does , its great!As always , my Amazon order came quickly !
 Kicking my self for not buying this years ago . Quicker than taking out the vac for annoying little items.Reading the reviews , I simply glued the handle pieces so there is no problem.This does the job quickly and priced so its a trivial purchase . Beats the heck out of plugging something in the wall and messing with the cord.I was tempted to extoll the virtues of this being a green product with no electricity but could not do that with a straight face.Bottom line , great little product .
 December 15 , 2010 - after kicking , tripping and bending this thing , it is now all rickety and rattles , BUT STILL PICS UP BETTER AND WITH LESS EFFORT THAN ANY ELECTRIC VACUUM I 'VE GOT -LRB- you still need to electric vacuum carpet for fine dust , but sweeping first keeps those larger pieces from getting stuck in the vac . STILL GON NA RAVE ON ABOUT THIS :-RRB- >> >> > UPDATED < < < < APRIL 2010 + + + + + JUST PURCHASED AND RECEIVED MY SECOND SWEEPER + + + + I JUST LOVED THE FIRST ONE SO MUCH -LRB- AND IT WAS SO INEXPENSIVE -RRB- I WANTED A SECOND ONE TO KEEP UPSTAIRS.THIS LITTLE OLD-FASHIONED THING IS UNBELIEVABLE.NO CORDS . NO BATTERIES . NO CHARGING.SO LIGHT WEIGHT , YET EFFECTIVE , I CAN NOW QUICKLY DO A FEW SWEEPS ANY TIME AND JUST LEAVE IT OUT NEAR THE CORNER OF THE ROOM FOR EASY ACCESS.GREAT FOR CRUMBS , DOG FOOD PIECES , BITS/FRAGMENTS OF THINGS TOO LARGE FOR A HAND HELD VAC , EVEN GOOD FOR LARGER PIECES OF DEBRIS -LRB- all sorts -RRB- that you would otherwise pick up first , before you tried using your full powered upright vacuum cleaner -LRB- for fear it will get stuck and make that horrible noise then break the belt on you regular electric vacuum cleaner . -RRB- Along with the bits/pieces I can see , I am amazed every single time how much DUST this little thing pick up each time I use it -LRB- even for just a minute doing a short sweep -RRB- . Simple , Clean to Empty over a waste bin and ... BEST OF ALL : NO CORDS TO TANGLE ; PLUG IN ; UNPLUG ; FIND ANOTHER UNUSED SOCKET ; THEN WRAP IT ALL BACK UP EACH TIME YOU FINISH VACUUMING.Oh yeah , if you are concerned about the environment >> >> USES NO ELECTRICITY AT ALL >> >> AND USES LESS HUMAN POWER THAN AN ELECTRIC POWERED VACUUM SINCE IT IT SO INCREDIBLY LIGHT WEIGHT!GET ONE ... YOU WILL LOVE IT !!!
 This is a hard-working little carpet cleaner . Not too heavy and construction is pretty good . The only fault is with the handle which comes in sections so that it can be shipped . They screw on and can come loose . But , I just screw them back on and keep sweeping . I do n't know if screwing them on tightly would ruin the threads , but maybe not . I just have n't tried that yet . I found the product well worth the money .
 Very good sweeper . Gets dirt , crumbs , outdoor tree needles etc very fast with 1-2 sweeps , both from carpet and tiles.I use it mostly because of my toddler , sometimes he makes little mess and I do n't have to use vacuum . Also great when he sleeps , i don ; t have to wait to clean.I think the manufacturer improved the handle , I do n't have to use the tape to keep it together . After several uses it gets loose , but than just have to be tighten again.Can not complain , highly recommended .
 I bought this for quick clean-up jobs . I have two big poodles and although they do n't shed , bits of their white fluff tend to drift to certain areas of the living room and they do track in some dirt . This sweeper picks it up off of hardwood floors and rugs . It is so much easier to use then a broom and dustpan . I have not had trouble with the handle -- I read in the instructions to push the handle parts together hard . I did so by tapping them together on the brick patio until they `` clicked '' . Once in awhile , I still get the vacuum and mop out for serious cleaning , but this item is just the ticket for in between times .
 I have an Australian Sheperd that molts every spring and fall . I needed something small to get the excess hair and debris without having to drag out the giant vacuum every day . This works great ! I use it carpet , tile , wood , and throw rugs . It picks up tons of hair and dirt . It does not do corners and you have to push it forward enough to allow the rollers to go through full cycle . Not a problem with the handle of you follow the included directions . Great buy !
 I 've purchased things off Amazon for several years now & this is the first product review I 've actually written . I 'm just * SO * pleased w/this carpet sweeper , for several reasons , that I felt moved to share w/all you good folks out there.I purchased this sweeper because
 I purchased this as a way to keep up on some light housekeeping without dragging out a vacuum everyday . For the price , I was n't expecting much . However , I was pleasantly surprised that it picks up items on both carpet and hard flooring . I also have not had any problems with the handle , either . I followed assembly directions and have had no problems .
 This product works great for those little clean up jobs from tracked in bits of dirt that always seem to drop off shoes when coming in from outside and other small messes like crumbs in the kitchen or dining room . It is lightweight , handy , does a great job picking up , and is much much easier than dragging out the vacuum cleaner . It was inexpensive , assembled in a flash , and takes up little room in the cleaning closet . I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 Works great . I do n't honestly understand people reviewing this product here and complaining about the handle . The handle works fine if you follow the directions , meaning you have to put the handle on a hard surface vertically after assemblage and knock on it a few times with a hammer to really have them firmly attached together . Really easy and simple , people are just too lazy or not paying attention to the assembly instructions.Great price and works as advertised .
 My burning question when ordering this was would it pick up the freaking Cheerios from the berber carpet under the baby 's high chair ? The answer is YES ! In fact each Cheerio makes a satisfying little * plunk * sound as it lands inside this thing 's dust pan . Thank goodness , I was so tired of stepping on those things in my socks ! It picked up the smaller crumbs , as well -- I wish I had bought this three months ago .
 I read the reviews on this product and decided to take the chance . I agree it works great but the handle is defective . For the price I did n't mind spending the extra time to tape it together . All that matters is that it works right?I work with a Podiatrist and I needed something to pick up the toenails off the floor . The sweeper picks the nails up well enough for me to be pleased , but it does take several passes in order for this to happen . The best part is it does n't run on electricity , so there 's no worry of batteries dying or any obnoxious noises . I tried it out at home first picking up wood splinters from around the fireplace . I just might buy a second one for the house too!So to sum up , the product works well , but that handle is down right awful ... I could n't lift it up without it falling to pieces . God only knows why they did n't either taper the ends or have them screw in . This is what stops it from having 5 stars!It is definitely worth the money and I highly recommend it
 Once I figured out how to secure the handle so it would n't come a part , I Love It ! Works like a champ easy quick and light !
 We love this vaccuum ! It 's excellent for everyday crumbs and mess on our carpet . We had some problems with the handle coming apart at the beginning , but I just asked my husband to bang them together as per the instructions on the box and that problem was solved ! Great purchase .
 We already own a heavy upright Hoover , which does a great job . I wanted something lighter and easier for quick pickups in the kitchen and hall . This little Bissell is great . It 's basic , to be sure , but it works on the throw rugs and the hardwood , and for some strange reason , long after the novelty wore off , the kids are more willing to use it than the broom . Got ta love that , especially for the price .
 Works really well and is compact for easy storage . It is used on very low carpet , tile and linoleum . Very easy to empty as well . I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 This is a good sweeper for everyday tidiness , like crumbs and dirt . I recommend it .
 I read the previous reviews about this sweeper and with trepidation bought it anyway . Most of the complaints were about the handle coming apart . When the sweeper arrives the handle is in separate pieces with tapered ends . Logic would indicate that tapping the pieces together would keep it together , so I used my wooden meat tenderizer from the kitchen to do the job , and the handle is now as solid as can be . Obviously the people that were stupid enough to not do that were the same ones expecting this thing to work like a vacuum cleaner . It is not a vacuum cleaner , and was never designed as one . However , this sweeper works way better than I expected . I have been using it almost everyday on both my kitchen rug and the hardwood floors throughout my house . It does not do as well on the hardwood floors , but still picks up enough to make a visible difference . On the rugs it works the best , and has broadened the frequency of busting out the vacuum cleaner . It is quiet , light and efficient , and I regret not getting one long ago .
 I love the sweeper and I love the prompt service I had in purchasing it . As with all the products I purchase from Amazon , I 'm completely satisfied .
 I have the same problem as many others who have posted reviews on this sweeper . It seems to pick up junk on the carpet pretty good but the handle comes apart after a while . I find that annoying . I have n't yet done anything to fix it but I think just drilling a hole through where the two parts connect and then running something through it will solve the problem . I bought two of these , one for upstairs and one for the downstairs . They do n't replace the upright vacuum cleaners but they 're nice to have ready to sweep up small areas of crumbs , cat hair , toenail clippings , etc. ... all that good stuff that seems to land on the carpet ! And they do n't require electricity , cords , have a loud motor or extra weight . These are very light and easy to carry from one room to another .
 My grandmother had one of these . I used to sweep her carpets for her when I was little . This carpet sweeper is great . It works fine and is handy to have around for quick clean ups . The only thing is that if you do n't take a mallot and hammer in the handle pieces , they wo n't be tight and they will keep falling apart . Banging it on the floor as suggested does not give you a very permanent hold . I love it .
 the sweeper is great for my oriental rugs and every day use . sturdy and easy to use , I 'm very happy with it .
 Would have given this item a 5-star rating , however the handle does tend to come apart easily . But , a little silicone caulk took care of that problem ! This item is a MUST HAVE for anyone with pets and especially small children . My son is the original `` Hansel '' ... leaving crumbs wherever he has been . I used to get irritated and grumble about having to lug out our heavy vacuum several times a day . Now that I have my little light-weight picker-upper , I can just do a quick run over the carpet and the crumbs are all picked up . Seems to work equally well on carpet , as well as hardwood , linoleum , etc.Always saw these kinds of sweepers before , but they were just too expensive to own . For $ 20 , I decided to take a gamble . Plus , I knew Bissell is a good name . It is worth every penny !
 I bought this for cat hair and dust , it works great for both but not so well for anything like sand or cat food . I would give it 5 stars but like other people said the handle is horrible the bottom screws in which is good but the two top parts just get placed inside each other . Without some crazy glue it will constantly fall apart .
 The scent of this shaving soap is wonderful ! The bay rum smell is nicely balanced in that it is not overpowering . Really makes you enjoy using it while you are shaving , almost like aromatherapy . However , the smell does not stay with you very long once you are done shaving . This could be good or bad , depending on if you want the smell to stay with you or not . If you are looking to have the bay rum smell for awhile after you shave , then this may not be the soap for you . If you just want a nice and enjoyable bay rum smell while you are shaving , then I would recommend this.It is also not very difficult to make a lather with this soap . To load the brush , simply swirl it gently over the soap until you begin to build lather on the soap , and this is usually the key to know your brush is loaded with enough soap and ready to be moved to your face or mug to build the lather . I 've found that -LRB- depending on how much water you have in your brush -RRB- you may need to add additional water while building the lather . Hard to give any definite recommendations when it comes to this as there are a lot of factors that vary , but in general I 've had no problem building lather . Definitely lasts a long time , seems like you 're using no soap at all ! Good value ! At the time of writing this review , this product is NOT available on amazon , but I would definitely look elsewhere for it . It 's available on the Burt 's Bees website for only $ 6.00 . Also , it 's 99.87 % natural ! Really feels nice . Ingredients
 First off , this shave soap sells for six bucks on Burt 's Bees website so do n't pay anymore than that . I love the smell of this soap and combined with the Burt 's Bees Bay Rum Aftershave , it 's a fantastic combo . I had no problems lathering it up in an apothecary mug with a boar brush . It does dissipate a little too quick which knocked it down to four stars for me . However , the soap does hydrate well for a smooth shave even it does dissipate a little . The bar is pretty hard so I think it will last a while compared to softer soaps . A great smelling and good shaving soap .
 I purchased this soap some years ago SOMEWHERE where it came with a boar 's hair shaving brush , nice shaving mug with `` Burt 's face '' on it , bay rum soap , aftershave and this shaving soap . I loved the smell of this soap however it did n't lather very well . Whether it was the soap , brush or and my technique I ca n't know . The brush and soap are gone but I still have the mug for my shaving . The price here is rediculous as are the prices on Ebay . Does Burt 's Bees manufacture this anymore ?
 I have been using this product for many years . It is like an old friend . I have always suspected that this is the same as the exfoliating soap bar but in a different shape.Ether way it lathers well and leaves a light sent of Bay Rum that she has to think if it is really there . The residual does not clog up the razor . And of course I use it in one of my official Burt 's Bees shaving mug . I suggest you keep another bar handy so you will not be surprised with an empty mug .
 I 'm so glad that I decided to buy this Magnesium . I feel the differences , e.g. no PMS at all this month , no headaches . Do not feel washed out . Will get one pack again . Recommend it to anyone !
 Very happy with this purchase , it has helped me very much with constipation , and I have also noticed that PMS is so much better ! Great value for the price .
 This is a great product . My son would not accept pediasure or carnation instant breakfast added to his milk . When the doctor recommended this product , we gave it a try and he really can not taste it in anything ! I add it to everything , milk , cereal , pureed food & yogurt .
 I have to say , I am very impressed by Duocal ! We started using it back in May for my 3 yr old 's chronic weight issues - Failure to Thrive for 18 months . I was very conservative about only putting in a teaspoon for an 8 ounce container of Pediasure . But then I started reading the directions and found out you can do 1 spoonful for every 2-3 ounces , so ... guess who added more ?! Yep ! And at my son 's last weigh-in , he was ON THE WEIGHT CHART ! Not only was he ON THE WEIGHT CHART , but he was also TENTH PERCENTILE ! Yes !!! Now , I am not claiming Duocal did it all . It 's the whole shebang , everything , that caused the weight gain . -LRB- And by everything , we are literally doing everything to battle Failure to Thrive ... -RRB- But Duocal was a part of the team and was likely one of the tipping point factors to break through the glass ceiling of weight maintenance and move us onward to gaining weight . So I am impressed and loving this stuff.By the way , please do not use without a doctor or nutritionist advising so .
 This product is wonderful . It dissolves easily and is tasteless . Great for increasing daily calories but not the amount of food consumed .
 I love this . It is entirely tasteless , confirmed by my daughter who has severe oral adversions . I love that it does not make liquids thicker if using the recommended amount.Satisfied entirely !! : -RRB-
 This product was recommended by the nutrionist to help my daughter -LRB- 17 months old -RRB- gain weight . My daughter is a fussy eater and is on the lower percentile in weight . I was given samples by the nutrionist . Tried it and once I was satisfied bought this can.The powder dissolves easily . I only mix it with liquids though this can be mixed with anything . This does not add any taste . Basically this is tasteless . After using this powder -LRB- no other food changes -RRB- , I found my daughter to be having a better appetite . She also gained weight due to the additional calories . I only use one scoop a day .
 Bought a high flyer ekec sgaver , based on CR 's recommendations . Not so good . Still have my `` original '' Norelco and replaced the heads with these . Somehow , I think that the quality might be as good as before ? -LRB- Must be me ? -RRB- Though an older model shaver , these were the heads for it ? Hmmmm !
 Very glad to replace old heads and have razor working like new again . Thanks .
 I find that Hoodia 24 helps to control my craving during the afternoons . The rest of the day I 'm OK.There are no stimulants and therefore very safe for daily use .
 Warning
 This unit delivers as advertised . We just had an alert from the state that our town water failed a recent test . So they chloronated the heck out of it . Our filters did not get the odor from the water , but the ozonator removed all traces of any smell and any microorganisms . Out coffee tastes like coffee again . I think this product is well worth the money .
 This little unit does what it they say it does . It oxygenates water and oil in 30 minute increments.A note about the seller
 My grandfather had problems with his legs for years before he died , and I may have inherited the problem as well.Hopefully not as severe as his was.Over the last couple of years I 've noticed the side of my right leg going a little numb if I stand in one spot too long without walking.I also had a very severe injury before Christmas ,2010 , and it is not well yet.I decided to order these compression hose to see if they would help , and they have.I do n't know how they work but they do.However , they are extremely hard to put on.I ordered the proper size , it 's just the tightness of the compression material in them is hard to pull up and you have to work them up a little at a time.I have worn them several times after getting back to work and they feel fine for being on your legs a lot , which I am.However , being a man , I wore them a time or two with my underwear on , and I could n't keep them up good , so I tried wearing them with no underwear to see if they would stay up better and they do . -LRB- I do n't mean my comment to sound nasty or vulgar , we are grown adults here , telling the truth is always right -RRB- . I reccommend these hose in a persons ' proper size for anyone that has problems with their legs.No matter how severe or how slight.They are quite comfortable even though they are thicker than a woman 's normal sheer pantyhose , and I have found them leaving my legs feeling much better after I return home and take them off.I have even left them on at home on some days until the evening time when I would get my shower and go to bed.I am quite pleased that I decided to purchase these hose and try them for my legs.If anyone purchases themselves a pair of these they wo n't regret it .
 I have been wearing support hose for over 15 years from a DVT blood clot . In the early years , I wore them everyday . Now I just wear them for travel or when my legs feel sore . I do n't wear them too often these days . My favorite inexpensive brand went out of business years ago , but I had a supply that I did n't need to look for more until now . I did n't know where to start and reading all the reviews helped me make my purchase.These fit and feel great . I was concerned about size . I 'm 5 ' 4 '' and 130 pounds . The MEDIUM fits great . Also getting them on was the usual tightness that one experiences with compression hose . I 've never had open toed before , but I like it . With the open toe concept , I can wear them and around the house and throw on flip flops to run outside . The firm compression has gotten rid of the ache I was feeling in my legs , so they are doing what I need.Got these through Amazon and am going to get another pair .
 Yes , I 'm a guy and I found these compression pantyhose were perfect for treating my leg vein problems.My doctor recommended 20mmHg to 30mmHg compression stockings to help prevent additional blood clots in my lower leg slightly varicose veins -LRB- which up until my recent episode have not given me any problems -RRB- . Doctor said calf/knee high socks would be good , but full length are best . Since I had some slight pain in my inner thigh superficial vein I decided to choose the full length.Previously with the hospital issued thigh high stockings I found some discomfort and skin irritation due to the stay-up band -- These were Jobst brand , but the plain `` hospital '' white , blue stitched open toe with a rather narrow elastic band with silicone on top.When these new Jobst pantyhose arrived I was eager to try them . They are a bit difficult to put on compared to individual stockings , but I stick my foot in , then unroll/pull the pantihose up to just above my knee and leave there as I switch to the other foot and repeat . I do this lying on the bed on my back with feet up . After I have both sides above the knee , I stand up and pull the remaining up high on the thigh so the crotch is high up as it should be.With these pantyhose there are no tight , uncomfortable cut-off points that knee and thigh high stockings have , just a smooth transition from the waist to the leg compression region . They may slip down a bit during the day -LRB- especially if you did not pull up high enough when first putting on -RRB- , but it 's not that bad and easy to fix when you make a visit to the restroom anyway throughout the day.Bottom line , you will find these comfortable for everyday wear , or as relief between wearing the thigh highs which may cause irritation after a couple days .
 These saved me when I started working at a job where I was on my feet for 12 hours a day . I was n't used to it and my legs ached something awful at the end of every shift . When I started wearing them my legs felt great after a long shift . The only thing I did n't like was after 4 months of wearing a pair maybe twice a week they lost there firmness and started riding down on me . Meaning I would have to visit the restroom hourly to pull them back up cuz the rode down as I walked . Kind of expensive to need to replace so often .
 I had 2nd degree varicose vien . . and when I tried this one it was so comforting & & helped ; to reduce the pain even the days I do n't wear & easly I waer it & . . I 'm waering on weakly alternate with other pantyhose I bought from Amazon store but the size is large which a little bit time consuming to put on . I liked the materex of this pantyhose also , it 's not niether harsh nor irritating , & I appreicate that it made with ventilation part to avoid infection from long time wearing tight clothes , which was not with my old previous pantyhose I bought years back from a local pharmacy . thank Jobst . . : -RRB- I 'm reordering other piece but black . .
 I offered my mother these compression stockings given that she is always standing and complains about her legs aching . Her legs feel so much better now but she did mention they were hard to put on . The open toe ones cut the circulation to her toes -LRB- I ordered some closed toe ones the second time around -RRB- . It 's too bad I could n't find them for the same price though , hope it does n't go up every time I will have to order her some .
 GREAT SUPPORT ! REALLY RELIEVES TIRED LEGS ! OPEN TOE DESIGN IS THE BEST . THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE AND THEY DO N'T RIDE DOWN .
 you have to buy the size you are , I listen to someone here got a size bigger and they where -LSB- shocking -RSB- bigger.they are true to size , wonderful , and great price
 This is my first time having to wear compression stockings . I purchased them to wear after sclerotherapy . Although they are somewhat difficult to get on at first , they are very comfortable and soft once they 're on . I have very sensitive skin and they were n't itchy or irritating . My only complaint is that they stretched out quite a bit , and did not shrink back after washing . I actually had to purchase a smaller size because they were falling down -LRB- which pulled down my pants and bunched at the knee -RRB- , although I fell within the measurements of the medium and large when I measured . Overall I did find them to be very comfortable when they were fitting properly .
 I read that this product helps with arthritis . I am taking iit every day and I think it is helping . I am able to use my treadmill again .
 I found the La Petite Wax Warmer performed exactly as described . As some said , the only problem was breaking the bar of Zip wax I bought to use with the warmer.I 've tried the room temperature products and was totally dissatisfied with the results . The wax in the warmer stayed at the right consistency , unlike the tubes of Zip wax which tended to cool and stiffen . It was easy to use . Everything stayed neat . It was also easy to clean up and store.I 'm very pleased that I made the purchase . And yeh - it still hurts . Nothing seems to change that . But at least it gets the job done .
 It warms the wax that rips out my hairs . This is painful . Occasionally there is blood but at least no more hair . The bad stuff is not the product 's fault . It does what it 's supposed to do and does it well .
 I like how small it is . Perfect for travel . The wax warmed up to a good temp . and did not get too hot
 I like the unit , it heats wax fast , but I would n't recommend the wax that goes with this unit . I would recommend this unit to a friend .
 This warmer works very well and I love the ` wax ' . I do n't know what it actually is -- it feels a little like some kind of plastic , but it removes the hair , is easy to use and does n't make a big mess .
 I own this product and always get asked about my stethoscope . Very , very cute and this one can be used over a layer of clothing and you are still able to get clear sound . Great buy . It also does n't hurt that it 's pink !!
 This is the best product for foot care that I have ever used . It 's also great for skin irratations or rashes . I highly recommend this product .
 I bought this as a replacement for my favorite that eventually died . I love the choice of vibe patterns and strength & the `` escalating '' setting never disappoints B -RRB-
 I ordered these weights for other purpose than scale calibration . they preform well in the project i used them for . for those who a interested in what i used them for , i created a small piledriver .
 I have been using this shampoo along with the mink oil balm by Klorane for nearly 2 months . Unlike other shampoos that give good results the first few times , and then you need to switch , this shampoo consistently gives great results . I have wavy hair - this give the perfect amount of conditioning and cleaning without overdrying hair , which leads to frizz . It is light enough to leave volume ! I highly recommend using both products , you will see the difference in the first use . You can also see my review for the mink oil balm.Klorane Balm Mink Oil 5.07 oz
 Purell hand sanitizer is better than all of the other products out there . The aloe product makes it easier on the hands while providing the sanitizing . It smells great . Other products that many of the drugstore chains are producing are inferior in my opinion to this Purell product . It is worth finding on the shelf and buying . However , some drugstore chains have removed Purell so that you have to buy their brand . Not as good .
 Purell makes an excellent hand sanitizer for any occasion when you need to wash your hands but you just ca n't get to a sink . Purell , therefore , is perfect for people who are on the go and ca n't stop to wash their hands.The pump on the top of the plastic bottle is easy enough to use -- just push down and the Purell comes out . Want more ? Easy -- just push down again and more comes out . All you have to do then is rub your hands together rapidly for a few seconds until they become dry again . This will leave your hands feeling super clean and there is almost no scent whatsoever!What 's the secret ? Purell does indeed kill 99.99 % of common germs in as little as 15 seconds . It does this through its active ingredient ethyl alcohol . I suppose the isopropyl alcohol helps , too . Excellent!Purell also includes aloe and Vitamin E in its formula . This should help your hands feel a bit softer after you use Purell . An excellent plus!A few caveats
 I keep one of these in my car , one near the keyboard , one in the kitchen , one in the bathroom.I do n't really consider myself a clean freak , but I like keeping my hands clean from all the gunk that collects on keyboards and cutting boards . Not the same as washing my hands , but it works here and there.Good stuff .
 If I could I 'd give this product a rating of 10,000 . I have been through many different hand santizers and Purrell with Aloe I have found to be the best by far . Aside from your hands feeling and being clean with 99.99 % of germs killed , you will find your hands feeling exceptionally smooth and also smelling very nice.The other generic brands and competitors to Purell may be somewhat cheaper , however they do n't leave your hands feeling the same and certainly not smelling the same . I have found that other brands with Aloe leave my hands smelling like alcohol , perfume that i guess is supposed to smell good but doesnt . I left out mentioning specific competitors with these properties because this is just a review , but if you are interested in the hand sanitizers to avoid feel free to contact me and I will let you know the worst of the worst .100 % buy Purell . It may be somewhat more expensive , but it is far worth it .
 All I have to say is Im a nursing student and I love it ! When i first used it it was like hearing for the first time ... . Everything was loud and extremely clear ! Amazing !
 I 'm not a cardiac nurse and do n't need a ridiculously expensive stethoscope . This has good sound quality , it 's lightweight , and comfortable in my ears . And it 's cute ! I 'm very pleased !
 My husband bought me this stethoscope after hearing me complain a lot about having to use the `` cheap charlies '' at work , or having to hunt down a stethoscope . I work in a military family practice so we see a lot of patients that need BP checks on a regular basis . This is a great stethscope . Not the best but it gets the job done . The red heart design is a great conversation starter and helps me keep track of it without someone `` wandering '' off with it .
 you cant hear brachial pulse til after you have started to the cuff.Its great thou and ppl go nuts over it .
 It looks good , works well and for the price if you are not working in a cardiac unit or somewhere you need a top notch stethoscope , it will more than suffice . I like it 's length too and I get many nice comments on its colour and uniqueness . It arrived in good time too . Good value .
 This stethescope is better than any litman I have had . No outside noise and the patients love it . I will buy it again as needed and worth every penny .
 I would buy this again , no problems . Very reasonably priced . Bought this to go with my blood pressure cuff . I would buy again .
 Considering the price , it works great . I admit patients so I do n't need to hear anything too complex , and it 's of good quality . The head of the scope is a good size ; I worry about it hitting something and cracking it , but if I 'm careful that should n't be a major issue .
 I love this ! I initially bought it because I am pregnant and wanted to be able to hear my daughters heartbeat once I got around 20ish weeks pregnant . As long as she cooperates , it works great and I get to hear her movements , kicks , and heartbeat . It works great just for a regular heartbeat as well !
 I gave this to my girlfriend for xmas and she absolutely loves it . Everything went smooth fast delivery , accurate info . Would highly recommend this to anyone in the medical field .
 This stethescope has a clear sound with little distortion . I use it in multiple areas . General Med/Surg , Critical Care . The Bell is big enough to use a label with my name on it . The customers like it because they can read my name when my stethoscope is around my neck better than my name tag because it is larger print . It lays nice around my neck , not too long or short . My EMT niece like hers too . Nice stethescope .
 The heart shaped bell is adorable but I have found that it 's a bit larger than it appears in the picture and not too lightweight . I can hear lung and heart sounds very cleary . This stethoscope is sold for a bargain of a price .
 People love to look at this stethescope . It 's eye catching and a total ice breaker . Makes it much easier to talk to patients especially being a student nurse . Patients are much more smiley when I say `` I 'm going to listen to your heart now , with my heart '' . Yeah , it 's corny but it gets them talking . It deserves the 5 stars because it 's exactly as described . The price is pretty good for the quality here . It 's not top of the line and does n't have all the features of a classic stethescope but this will get me to graduation .
 Good , clear sound . Seems to be well made . The limited lifetime warranty is amusing -- the tubing , the earpieces , the diaphram are all not included . What 's left ? But it does the job and my previous stethoscope , admittedly considerably less expensive , lasted more than 15 years of light duty , so I can expect at least the same from this one .
 For a low cost stethoscope , this works great . I take a lot of blood pressures while patients are on the treadmill , and I can hear the pulse great with this stethoscope . In addition , it is super light and easy on the neck . I would buy this again .
 sound is great , earpieces are a soft rubbery plastic so its very comfortable , and its super cute ! i get tons of compliments on mine ! highly recommended
 I bought this as a second stethoscope to keep in my `` rescue bag '' in my car . I 'm a vet tech and sometimes I see a stray and it may be hurt . I did n't want to use my nice Littmann - I leave that one at work.With that said , I am impressed with the sound quality of this stethoscope ! I would have given it four stars , but the heart shaped bell is quite a bit larger than it looked in the photo . I would have preferred a much smaller bell.Shipping was super fast and the packaging was perfectly wrapped to ensure that the scope was safe during shipping .
 I bought this item for my wife and she loved it . She is going to school to be a RN and she said that the stethoscope was better than the ones sold at the campus bookstore . The heartbeat comes in really clear and is `` really pretty '' . I would recommend this item to any person who is in need of a good stethoscope . The ear buds are soft and comfortable . Comes with an extra set of ear buds and an ID tag .
 I havent been able to use the stethoscope yet because classes have n't started yet . Appearance wise it is so cute !! My two year actually will sit still and let me listen to his lung sounds and such .
 Does what it is supposed to do . Very cute . Just wish the cord was a little long but still would buy again if needed .
 I purchased this stethoscope for home use with my daughter who has asthma & BPD . What I love most about it is the comfortably fitting ear pieces . I 've had other stethoscopes but been unhappy because they hurt my ears . This one has great sound , feels great and my kids love the look of it with the clear heart . I would definitely recommend this product .
 I needed to buy a stethoscope for my nursing class and chose this one so that I would know it 's MINE . Everyone else in my class had the typical looking stethoscope . It 's definitely a conversation starter and grabs people 's attention . The only thing about it is that the heart is a bit LARGER than it appears in the picture . Other than that , I am very satisfied with this product !
 This product works great!The heart is larger than I expectedhowever it works great , sounds loud and clear and I love it ... and it arrived super fast !
 I do really like the sound quality of this stethoscope but , it did crack when I bumped into the door in my patient 's room . The sound is still very good but , I do not know how long it will last cracked .
 I was really worried when I ordered this stethoscope . I was concerned that I would be sacrificing function for fashion , but I was pleasantly surprised to find that the sound quality was actually better than the Littmann stethoscope that I have been using for years . The heart shaped casing actually works as a sound barrier and muffles outside noise . Definitely would recommend this product .
 I love this stethoscope ! I bought this for nursing school and have been comparing it to others , most of the time Litmans , and have to say - this stethoscope is awesome ! It has super comfortable ear pieces , has amazing accoustics , and have had people who can never hear out of stethoscopes say `` Wow , I can actually hear out of that stethoscope ! '' You will be amazed , considering the price !
 I have been a nurse for 20 years and I use my stethoscope many times a day as all other ER / ICU nurses do.I have had stethoscopes which have cost me more than $ 300.00 , I have even tried my friends digital ones but I this thing is amazing.It is truethat one can even hear through dressings and clothing.I love it and it is especially great for PEDS patients because they like to look at it and put it on their chest . I believe because it is so colorful it is somehow less intimidating.I love it and so do my patients .
 I am a relief Vet Tech and my hubby bought this for me as a surprise . It is a great conversation piece , accurate and clear , and I really enjoy using it daily . I would highly recommend this product to anyone wanting to add a little fun in there day .
 Made my daughter 's day and she loved it . She is studing to be a nurse taking courses even in High Shool .
 I 'm a nursing student and the stethoscopes the school provided for us were bulky , heavy and hurt my ears because it did n't fit correctly . I bought the stethoscope for the design -LRB- I found it cute and clever -RRB- but was happily surprised with the acoustics ! I can hear everything about 100x better than with the one the school provided for us . Which makes it perfect when I use it at the elderly home - very good for detecting those thready and quiet heart beats .
 I work in the hosp and get alot of bandaging I have to listen thru . this actually works great . The purple heart is getting rather beat up looking quickly . Not sure how long it will look &#34; nice &#34; . Love the purple .
 I 've been using this at work for a few months now . Many compliments . Some of my coworkers questioned if I could even hear anything with it because they thought it was too cute to really work well . They even said that they could hear better with this stethoscope than some of the others they 've had . Unfortunately , the plastic heart has cracks -LRB- but is still in tact -RRB- because I 've knocked it around here & there , but it still works fine .
 i get a lot of compliments for it from not only staff but patients too . it is adorable . works good , i can hear what i need to with it . cheap price . dropped once on hardwood floor and cracked the heart-still works .
 This is loved by both my patients and the staff they couldnt believe the great price I was given for such a good product .
 The only reason I give this items 4 stars instead of 5 , is because I have owned the Ultrascope and it 's only slightly better . It has the `` magnified '' sound due to the style of the head , just like the Ultrascope . I was using a Littman Cardiology just as a loaner after my Ultrascope tubing broke , and it 's such a let down from the Ultrascope . I did n't want to pay the high cost to get a new one , so I decided to give this one a try . Guess what ... ? I love it ! It is so close to sound to my Ultrascope , it 's unbelievable , and it 's so much better than the cardiology -LRB- and that stethoscope is very pricey -RRB- . And the cost ? My gosh , give me a break ... you ca n't even buy a low-end stethoscope for this price , and this is a Prestige , which offers good products with warranty . Everyone that sees this item wants to know where I bought and does it really work . I ca n't brag enough about it . Finally
 I am a nurse in a cardiology office . I must admit that I was first interested in the Clear sound Prestige because of the heart shaped head . As I am getting older :-RRB- I have noticed I have been having increased difficulty hearing vitals . The blood pressure sounds very clear and audible on all sites even radial pulses . I can also hear through the sweaters/shirts with ease just like they advertise . Some of our patients with heart disease or valve issues have difficult to obtain heart sounds - no problem with this stethoscope . I particularly like the fact that when I am holding the head to obtain vitals - no noise from my hand touching or rubbing disturbs my hearing . Our patients understandably have some anxiety about having to see us.The comments I get from my patients are amusing , but just talking about it also puts them at ease . It does n't appear as `` imposingly medical '' to them.I have seen since I have been using it - that they are more relaxed . It is also very very light around my neck . I liked using my cardiac Littman - but it was heavy and expensive.The prestige ear pieces are exceedingly comfortable to my ears , something I have always had issues with in the past . I can honestly say this is such a super deal and I will replace it with another in a second if I needed to . Everyone of my fellow nurses now have ordered this stethoscope .
 This product was perfect ! It works exactly as advertised , looks great and gets plenty of attention . It actually helps me with my patients by gaining their trust through their curiosity and it helps lesson the anxiety often felt by patients in an emergency situation . I would recommend this to anyone looking for an exceptional stethoscope !
 I actually bought this as a gift for my wife , & she loved the sentiment , but not as much as she loves her stethoscope.First & foremost it works really well in a general purpose/nursing environment . I have played with it a little and it would work well for a woman in an EMS situation also , especially with peds . It has great sound & clarity . She -LRB- and everyone that borrows it -RRB- love the soft feel ear pieces even more than the fun shape.And secondly , she gets lots of compliments on it , and everyone is asking where she got it.I actually worked with a nurse that had the Breast cancer pink ribbon version and she told me where to find it . But when I saw the blue heart I knew which one my wife would rather have . Anyway , the point was that my nurse friend loves the large head because it balances perfectly when it is wrapped around her neck.The only negative anyone has had with it is that does not fit well under the edge of a BP cuff , but that is easily remedied by moving the cuff up a little .
 This stethoscope has been a Godsend to me . It is just as described . Nothing negative to say about it . I like and sincerely appreciate that I CAN hear through LAYERS of clothes . I am a Paramedic and this feature is especially important to me because I do n't have to expose elderly nursing home patients -LRB- or any patient for that matter -RRB- to the extreme elements while trying to assess lung sounds or blood pressures . I do n't hear noise from the tires driving down the road while doing assessments like I do with other stethoscopes -LRB- this is typical when outside of a quiet , clinical setting -RRB- . I like the length of the tubing so I may keep appropriate social distance while assessing . I can hear sounds just as well with this as I could with my Littman Master Cardiology before it was stolen . I refused to invest that type of money into another stethoscope so I bought this one to get equal quality at a lower price . I have been recommending this to other EMS personnel and nurses !! KUDOS !!!
 I have been using a Littman for several years and recently I noticed that I was n't able to hear as well with it . This stethoscope is awesome ! you will not be disappointed . The price makes it an awesome bargain and I can hear heart , lung and BP sounds very loud and clear . If you are looking for a new stethoscope this is the one !
 I was shopping for a Littman or Ultrascope stethoscope when I found this one and I loved the color and the heart shape , so I bought it instead . I love it ! I can hear great , and I have gotten so many compliments on it ! My patients love it ! I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 As a nurse in the Cardiac ICU , I needed a good quality stethoscope . After reading the good reviews , I decided to try this one . I am very satisfied with this purchase . I have compared it with the Ultrascope and several different types of Littmann stethoscopes . The only one that is better , in my personal opinion , is the Master Cardiology by Littmann . Considering the price difference , I ca n't regret my decision to purchase this item.If you need to differentiate between a grade two and grade three systolic ejection murmur , you might want to select something else . But this is more than adequate for S1S2 , even S3 & S4 . Works fine for murmurs , rubs & clicks . Easily detect even fine crackles and wheezes . Bottom line
 I was at a local uniform shop today buying scrubs when I saw this stethoscope . As a guy , I 'm not too interested in the heart shape of the head , but I always wanted to try an acrylic-head scope -LRB- like Ultrascopes -RRB- since they are supposedly very sensitive.I tried out this Prestige , and was pretty impressed
 This is the best stethoscope I have owned yet . Excellent sound and clarity . Move over Littman .
 Good , novelty product . I 'm going to give them to two nieces who are doctors.The ad says that they work as well as real stethoscopes , so I believe them.The price was the best I found and they look nice .
 This black stethoscope is just as beatiful as pictured . For some reason , the doctors and residents at the hospital I work at , never seem to have a stethoscope handy so I pull mine out and they love it!It has a good , clear sound that beats the cheap stethoscopes that are around our nurses station any day ! The patients love it too !
 What a great stethoscope ! My patients love it too ! It 's light weight , is extremely audible ... and looks great hanging around my neck draped over my heart ! It does n't fit under the BP cuff , but it 's loud enough that it works just fine !
 I really like this stethoscope . The sound quality is really good -LRB- really , REALLY good for a cheapie $ 30 stethoscope -RRB- , and it 's very easy to carry as it 's very light and the tubing coils up nicely to go into a scrub pocket . I 'm happy with the seller because I got it quicker than I thought I would , and happy with Prestige for making such a good product .
 I was searching for this exact gift to give to a friend of mine , who is a nurse , & found this & it was exactly what she wanted ! She was very happy w her gift
 For $ 21 I am hard pressed to find a better stethoscope . I am using it in a veterinary setting and find the large head to work fine on cats and dogs alike . I am not hearing great lung sounds , but can hear obvious murmurs , etc. . Not as clear as some higher ends , sure , but a GREAT spare or primary for a non-doctor . I may find that I am just rusty about placement on getting the best sounds anyway ... With some time I may actually find that I like it more than I thought !
 I 'm just starting a nursing program at a community college and I love my stethoscope ! We are working on vital signs and it works well with listening to the heart as well as Blood Pressure . When I saw other students have stethoscopes with a diaphragm AND a bell I got a little worried that maybe I should have gotten something like that , but mine works great , so I am very happy with my adorable stethoscope . It is very comfortable too : -RRB-
 Bought as a present for grdau-in-law when graduatingfrom Nursing school . Even tho she has others , she lovesthis one .
 love the quality of the sounds and the heart shape is a great conversation piece as well as relaxing for patients
 I do n't know about the quality of this product in terms of actual functioning as it was bought as a present for someone who was starting a position in Peds . But that person told me it worked fine and the kids loved it ! The price for this item on amazon was the best I 'd seen anywhere .
 I only needed a stethescope to listen for gut sounds in my horses , did n't want to spend much money . This one is perfect .
 I ordered this after the frustration of nursing school , they use Littmans . Which are SUPPOSED to be the Ferrari of stethoscopes , but I could n't hear a thing with them ! I know I am not deaf , but I needed something that was more sensitive . Of course I am attracted to girly things , so I ended up ordering the Red-heart stethoscope . I have to say I am NOT disappointed with this . Vitals sounds are sharp and clear . Also , I have gotten a lot of compliments with this ! It 's fashion-forward and functional . So all around I would highly recommend this product !
 Item received in good order and is part of a shipment to a medical missionary . Good price ; prompt shipping
 Very cute stethoscope . Fun conversation piece . It works well . I recommend this stethoscope . It is cute and it works well .
 I love this stethoscope . Its exactly what I wanted . All the reveiws are dead on - the sound quality is great as well as the price .
 decided to go with the cheapest price thinking I was getting the smelly stuff and found out I was wrong . I love the smell of this and the price and the way it works !
 I have used four different brands of progesterone cream since my hysterectomy . I would not live without them even though I take estrogen also . I really like this , has a nice scent but want unscented , goes on great ! I love how smooth and easy it goes on , I just would prefer unscented . I also think it doesnt do AS MUCH for my sex drive as some others did . The last one , F ** G **** is great for that but is like spreading on wax , hate it , very difficult . But love the way it made me feel all around . This is good , just not as good.I am reordering because it is so nice going on and does work well ...
 This progesterone cream is a bargain compared to other brands , so I thought I 'd give it a try . It is definitely working on balancing my hormones , after 2 weeks of use . The cream soaks into the skin , and does not leave a greasy residue like some creams do . I was sold on the natural ingredients and the very large 3 ounce size.The only downside to the cream is the lavender scent . I do n't care for that and wish I could find it without , but I 'll use it regardless because it is helping me .
 This cream goes on smoothly , is absorbed quickly , not slimy , greasy , or cakey . Leaves skin feeling silky . The lavender scent is mild and pleasant -LRB- even to my husband 's very sensitive nose -RRB- . Love the premeasured pump - at a very good price , especially with Amazon 's auto-ship . This product is effective for me in reducing hot flash severity and frequency .
 I have used this product for a year now . If you like lavender , the smell is great . If you prefer unscented , the company also makes that . The price offered on Amazon is quite competitive -- so I 'm going to order it from them from now on . I like the fact that the NOW Foods brand has no parabens of any kind in it . I also tried the one offered online -LRB- from -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- but it is 5 times as expensive ; plus my breasts hurt when I used it . And finally , my credit card got compromised because of some breach in security with the server that the womhoo company used . Therefore , I switched back to the NOW Foods brand and am happy with it . I consider it a kind of `` candy '' for my body . And I trust the Amazon.com credit card security measures . I 've never had a problem with them .
 I would highly reccommend this product to anyone going thru menopause and having hot flashes . It has helped minimize my hot flashes , I do still have them but they are seriously decreased in intensity . Great price and smells good too !
 I have been using this cream for about 6 months , and it works . I sleep better , and have fewer hot flashes . Give it a try .
 I while back my doctor -LRB- reluctantly -RRB- prescribed progesterone cream for me from a compounding pharmacy after my insistence on having my hormones tested.The cream changed my life . My night sweats disappeared , I was no longer prone to fits of rage , my family actually enjoyed being with me again , I was able to think clearly again and the brain fog was GONE -LRB- essential because I am the sole supporter for my family -RRB- , and my energy levels , while not quite what they used to be , moved back into the acceptable range allowing me to actual have something of a social life again.The pharmacy and provided me with a cream I ended up having a severe allergic reaction to and were n't able to provide the cream in a formulation that was safe for me.So I turned to Amazon to find an over the counter cream . I have tried a number of creams trying to find the right one for me . Reading the other reviews available , it is quite clear that the cream works for most people , while there are a few for whom it does n't work . Since there are plenty of reviews about whether or not the cream works , and I know what the cream can do for me based on my experience with the progesterone from the compounding pharmacy , I decided to write a comparison of the creams I tried . I had a hard time decided which cream to use soI tried several to find the best one for me . Following is my assessment of the different creams I tried.The Now Foods cream got a 3 stars from me for the scented version and 3.5 stars for the unscented . The dosed pump would have been great had it worked consistently.There were several factors that were important to me and on which I 'm basing my reviews . You may have other factors that are or are not important , so please take those into consideration when reading my evaulations . The factors for me were1 . Effectiveness/strength of the cream -LRB- MOST important , worth 3 stars -RRB- .2 . Ease of use -LRB- this includes type of packaging and ease/difficulty of self-dosing -RRB- -LRB- worth 1 star -RRB- .3 . Smell and feel -LRB- some of these products had a smell or feel to me that was just horrible -RRB- , obviously the most subjective of my criteria -LRB- worth 1 star -RRB- .4 . Most of the products were close in price , but one was about twice the cost of the others -LRB- the Emerita Pro-Gest -RRB- . For me , if that were the only choice it would n't make a difference , but since there were otherwise comparable products out there , I subtracted a star from the expensive one for being close to twice the cost of the others.That 's a potential total of 5 stars per product.To summarize what I 've found , the best quality of progesterone cream in terms of how well the cream relieved my symptoms was found in either the Source Naturals products or the Emerita Pro-Gest . The easiest to use were those with the dosed pumps , but I did n't like any of those creams because they either did n't work well or had an offensive smell or feel . The one I ended up using regularly is the Source Naturals in the tub . I bought a dedicated measuring spoon so I can get a consistent dose . It 's not as easy as the dosed pump because I have to clean the spoon after each use , but the cream is otherwise excellent , so to me it was worth the extra work.Here 's my opinion of each cream , with my star rating . -LRB- For the Amazon ratings , I 've rounded up since they do n't allow half stars . -RRB- SOURCE NATURALS PROGESTERONE CREAM . Available in a tube or tub . 4-4 .5 starsSource Naturals Natural Progesterone Cream , 4 Ounce -LRB- 113.4 g -RRB- 1 . This is by far the most effective at relieving my symptoms . It works just as well as the pharmacy cream did . 3 stars .2 . The tube is a little difficult to squeeze as it got emptier , and I was never sure if I was getting the last bit out . The purchase of the measuring spoon to use with the tub made it an easier way for me to get a consistent dose . 0 stars for the tube , 1/2 a star for the tub .3 . Nothing offensive about either the scent or feel of this product . 1 star .4 . This is the most reasonably priced product I 've tried so far.Total
 I have used progesterone cream for years for early menopause . I also have all of my daughter 's using it regularly . I usually pay $ 30 at the health store , so I was thrilled to see this at one third of the cost . I 've only had it for 1 week , but it seems to work just as great as the more expensive . I love the pre-measured pump and the smell is nice .
 I 've been using this for menopause symptoms - heavy cycles that are prolonged and coming too close together - and this truly seems to be &#34; regulating &#34; my cycles . My cycles have not been as painful or heavy since I 've been using the cream and they are back on track to every 25-28 days . The scent is pleasant as well .
 I have taken Progesterone in various creams and drops , and had negative reaction to all of them . This one keeps my hot flashes at bay , and I do n't have any negative reactions . It absorbs easily , too . Some other creams , that I have tried , took a lot of effort to rub in .
 It has a great natural fragrance and has the appropriate amount of progesterone . Portion controlled . Price is right . I will definitely buy it again .
 These are sheer which is not mentioned in the description . They have support as described . I plan on buying another pair since it has a great price !!
 I do n't suffer from IBS , but I do eat a lot of spicy food that sometimes upsets my stomach . This product is great for alleviating that . Just drink some dissolved in juice afterward or before you go to bed . No more worrying about whether or not my stomach will start burning . I have gone through 2 cans so far . With the first can , for some reason , the powder was n't dissolving well , but it still worked . The second can was much more soluble . Either way , it works !
 I tried this product for the first time this week and I am astounded with the results . I can not remember when I did not suffer from IBS and I have not been without abdominal discomfort of some sort for years . Within two days of using HTF I am symptom free ... I will forever be a faithful customer .
 I originally bought this product when my daughter was struggling with IBS-C as a teenager , after reading about it on the `` Help for IBS '' website . Not only was it a godsend for her , but also for others in my family who suffer from digestive problems . My elderly , sedentary mother has experienced tremendous relief from a problem with slow motility , and my cousin has achieved complete remission from diverticulosis , narrowly avoiding the surgery recommended by his doctor -LRB- he thanks me every time he sees me -RRB- . I have no idea why the medical profession has n't figured this out yet - they recommend `` fiber '' for constipation , but do n't understand that * soluble * fiber is the key to bowel regulation in both constipation and diarrhea . We refer to it as our `` magic powder , '' which I know sounds silly but the relief this has given my family is deadly serious . Note
 Heathers has become an essential part of my diet for controlling the symptoms of IBS . I 've tried several different fiber supplements but Heathers worked best !
 I add this to my oatmeal and foods for added fiber . It is great to use . Even add it to my coffee . Try it !!
 I 've been using Heather 's tummy fiber for only 4 days , and I am already feeling some relief from my IBS-D . I also highly recommend the peppermint tummy tea , it 's very soothing and tastes wonderful . I have n't had any problems with the fiber dissolving , I simply add 1/2 tsp . to a little water , stir with a fork , wait , stir some more , and then add more water . It has almost NO flavor . A work friend recommended this product , and I 'm very grateful that she did . She claims that it completely resolved her gas and bloating issues due to IBS .
 Regular fiber products purchased at the store tends to give me gas . This fiber keeps me regular without the gassy side effects .
 Wow , product does exactly what it promises to do ! I could n't be happier . Being gluten soy and dairy sensitive , getting enough fiber has been hard for me and caused a lot of issues . I have been searching for 5 years for the fiber that is right for me . I ca n't tell you how happy I am with this product ! Delivered fast , price is just right , I 've taken it every day since it arrived a week ago I ca n't tell you how much better I am feeling . This has really helped correct a wrong in my body that I 've been battling .
 have used this product for years -- anyone with ibs will be thrilled to see what a difference this product will make in their health -- can not reccommend it highly enough === really works wonders =======
 This soluable fiber , along with the information at -LSB- ... -RSB- , has changed my life . Doctors constantly tell us to `` eat more fiber '' but for IBS sufferers , all too often that leads to bloating , horrible gut spasms , abdominal pain , and constipation . The trick is getting SOLUABLE fiber into your digestive tract first , before eating anything else . This is the most convenient form of soluable fiber ever -- it has no taste , no texture , and no smell . Add water -LRB- or any cold beverage -- I find it does have a tendency to clump up in hot ones -RRB- to it slowly while stirring with a fork , let it sit a moment , stir it again and you would n't know it was there . I 've been using this product for about 4 years now and am stabilized on a 1/2 tablespoon dose every morning ; if having a really stressful day may take an additional dose in the evening , or have some before eating a trigger food -LRB- the tomato paste in pizza always wrecks havoc on my innards otherwise ! -RRB- . It helps immediately for diarrhea attacks ; you have to build your way up slowly for some time for constipation relief , but eventually it gets there.I recommend purchasing this product first ; if you like it , keep the cannister and order more of the product in the pouch as a refill . The cannister will last a good long time !
 I have had digestion problems for a long time . After reading about Heather 's tummy fiber I decided to give it a try . It has helped me more than anything else that I have tried . I am very glad to have found it .
 I do not have IBS but this was recommended to me by a friend who does as a fiber supplement . I have been very pleased with it . I have been working on finding the right dose for me and following the directions to increase it gradually . Right now I am at 1 teaspoon in the morning and 1 teaspoon at night , and that seems to be about right.I wanted to comment on the reviews about it clumping . I like to drink it with plain water which I get from the dispenser in my refrigerator . The instructions say to stir it with a fork when you add liquid but since I have to press on a button with the cup to get the water it is impossible . But I have found that I just put the fiber in the cup , add the liquid and stir with a fork afterwards as best I can . I do get plenty of clumps , but then I just put my cup in the refrigerator to keep it cold , and let it sit for about 5 -10 minutes , or even longer . Then whenever I remember I just go and it is crystal clear , all the clumps are gone and it is nice and icy cold . I usually just leave the fork right in the cup when I put it in the fridge so I can stir it one more time to make sure it is all blended . I try to plan ahead and do it before I walk my dog , then when I get back and am thirsty I have a nice glass of water ready to go , and I am drinking my fiber too !
 I switched from Metamucil to Tummy Fiber in January . This product provides more consistent results and is very easy to use . I read some reviews saying it did n't dissolve but in fact have had no issues at all . Follow the directions on the package . Using this fiber I have less bloating and gas than other fiber products . I have also had fewer IBS episodes since switching . I have gone from 1/4 teaspoon 3 times a day to 1/2 teaspoon 3 times a day and may keep this dosage as I am having fewer IBS episodes now than I can remember in a long time!I am VERY thankful I found this product and the peppermint tea and capsules !
 I used it to treat a post infection IBS along with mint capsules and I feel great now . I however do not require as much fiber as mentioned in the label . Maybe cause I get a lot of the fber I need from the fruits , veggies and whole wheat breads I usually eat . A lower sporadic dose works best for me . Yet it is great that it is tasteless , I do recommend it .
 I have been taking this product for about a month now . I all of sudden started having crippling stomach pain . My doctor did the normal tests and found nothing wrong but told me to start taking fiber . I can notice a big difference when I take this product . My stomach pain is gone for the most part . Whenever it starts hurting again , I just up my dose by another 1/2 tsp . It was very easy to start taking this stuff , it did not upset my stomach at all . Actually the first day I took it , I was so happy to know that I might not be in pain and bloated for the rest of my life ! The only thing I really recommend it letting it sit for awhile to dissolve well . I take it in the morning and night - for the morning I mix it at night and let it sit and vice versa for the night .
 If you have IBS this will help , a lot ! I am on my second can of this and it has improved my syptoms of IBS , I will continue to buy . I like that it is tasteless and can be mixed in food or into drinks . I have used other otc products but none have helped me , Heather 's works ! Give it a try , I think you will be glad you did !
 This product is very easy to use . It will dissolve in water if you let it sit for a short time . It has really helped me physically and I am no longer in daily pain . I highly recommend it .
 I bought a can of this for my mom who suffers from chronic diarrhea due to an inflamed colon . It may have helped or not . My mom refused to take it after a short while -LRB- she is 84 and very stubborn -RRB- . I was careful to marker-out the little tab saying the product was `` Made in Africa . '' My mom would never have taken it otherwise . I liked how the fiber was packaged with the extra top insert inside the can . I thought the fiber would stay very dry and useable . Now it sits on the shelf half empty . I may try it myself .
 Heather 's Tummy Fiber worked better than anything else I tried . Would recommend it to others . No taste , easy to mix in any liquid .
 This fiber works as promised , it fully dissolves in water -LRB- or any other liquid that you may choose -RRB- and does not have any flavor or &#34; grittiness &#34; that some other fibers do . I was originally given a can of this product by my Doctor who had just ordered some and I have already ordered more . It does what it says it will do at a reasonable price .
 Finally I have found something that has been a issue for me for many years now . Heathers tummy fiber has helped me feel normal again . I have struggled with constipation , gas , and bloating !! I have tried so many different products of fiber which either made me more bloated or have much more gas . I absolutely love that it dissolves and has no flavor . I would say I am healthy person for the most part . I am 37 I eat healthy -LRB- not much processed food -RRB- and practically live in the gym . I also drink a gallon of water every day . I do everything I am suppose to . I cant tell you how awful I felt doing everything right and still could not understand why my stomach looked as if I was 6 months pregnant everyday.I started taking heathers tummy fiber along with the peppermint oils capsules about 2 weeks ago . I have 1 or 2 BM 's a day and my bloating has dramatically changed !! This stuff works !! I strongly recommend these products ! I will never go without !
 I 've suffered from IBS for years , and over time I had developed a coping process that was usually effective . Heather 's Tummy fiber has improved my process ! The amazing thing is that you feel no side effects . No sugar rush or bloated feeling from fiber bars . It feels like nothing , and yet I really sense an improvement . I used to start my day with two slices of high fiber toast and then a granola bar . I honestly think I could do well on the Acacia packet alone . Great product !!
 I 've had IBS for years , tried this product and got almost immediate relief.Great product ! I highly recommend that people with irratable bowel try thisitem . It worked for me .
 I have been using Heather 's Tummy fiber for years now . I definitely works , and being organic makes a difference to me . I like that she actually has her own website and shares her experiences with her customers . It may take a few weeks to get results , but it definitely works for me .
 I was diagnosed with IBS two months ago after roughly six months of having * no idea * what the HECK was wrong with me -- Horrible constipation and gas for months on end . I was at the end of my rope . My doctor gave me a print-out about IBS that was last edited in 1994 . Not much help . I found Heather 's site and purchased the acacia fiber . It was about a week before I saw any results , but when I did , WOW ! I feel 1000x better then I have in almost a year . My constipation is about 80 % gone ; I still have some bad days but overall I feel great . It lessoned my gas dramatically , but has n't completely eliminated it as of yet -- I 'm thinking of trying the fennel tea next . If anyone is reading this and wondering `` Can it help me ? '' YES ! You should give it a try . I felt myself slipping into depression over my inability to control my body . It was really awful . I feel as if this fiber saved my sanity . I never had pain , but I had plenty of embarrassment and no matter how much time I spent in the gym my stomach was always bloated and distended . I was too young to feel so old -LRB- 39 -RRB- I feel as if I have my life back under control . I can not say enough about Heather 's website or her products .
 Tummy Fiber is one of the few dietary fibers that actually works for my constipation -- and that also does * not * create gas and bloating -LRB- due to fermenting -RRB- in my lower intestines . It may not be cheap , but it took me two months of testing other brands and fiber types -LRB- since my normal brand , Citrucel , was taken off the market -RRB- , to find this particular combination of efficacy and lack of side effects -LRB- gas -RRB- . The taste is somewhat bland , so I like to add a few packets of Crystal Light lemonade drink powder to perk up the taste . Another positive aspect of Tummy Fiber is that it is non-viscous , so it does n't feel like you 're swallowing a glassful of liquid goo !
 This product is worth your consideration . Honestly it does work and it is easy to use . It dissolves in water and tastes like water . Amazon had it delivered to me here in Australia in such a short time I was amazed . For most of my life I have suffered from IBS and other tummy discomforts . I have struggled to make sure I take in enough soluable fiber but not anymore . I strongly recommend this product to anyone considering it .
 I have suffered from Irritable Bowel -LRB- IBS -RRB- for the last 18 years -RRB- have tried a litany of products to minimize the symptoms . So let me be clear when I say , NOTHING , but Nothing works better to manage the symptoms of IBS than this singular product -LRB- I 've used the product for 9 years now -RRB- . That said , at a minimum , it must be used at least twice a day -LRB- morning & evening -RRB- to derive any benefit . Otherwise , your results will be haphazard and mixed at best.Additionally , you 'll derive further benefit if you can avoid your trouble foods -LRB- everyone is different ... for me the worst culprit is High Fructose Corn Syrup , the most vile product ever added to the American Food Supply -RRB- . You 'll also derive more benefit if you keep your intestinal flora balanced . To do so , take a product like PB8 -LRB- a ProBiotic Acidophilus -RRB- conveniently sold here : PB 8 120 caps . Take it the same two times a day you do the Acacia fiber.Lastly , I 'll comment to those who complain about the difficulty mixing the fiber with water . One , it helps immensely to put the product in before you add the water -LRB- counterintuitive I know -RRB- . Two , You 're not limited to mixing it with a liquid . Sprinkle it on your cereal . Put it on your Spaghetti . Its pretty tasteless and wo n't alter the taste of any of your meals . The point is to get it into your system so it can do its work . For those who think its too much trouble , I 'd ask what is more inconvenient . The 20 seconds spent mixing it with water or the 2 hours you 're going to spend locked in the bathroom groaning and hating your life ? The math is pretty simple from where I stand.So , give it a try . Follow the directions , use it regularly and you WILL FIND RELIEF . Promise .
 I 've been taking this now for over a month . I still have gas , just not as bad and not as often . The last few weeks I have eaten lots of leftover halloween candy and feel a little bloated but the Heather 's fiber really helps . I will keep buying !
 Thanks to Heather 's Tummy Fiber Organic Acacia Powder I have not felt this good since before my IBS . I have very little stomach pain and have regular bowel movements . I definetaly recomend this fiber .
 I have used many products for my bowels over the years and have never found anything to work as good as HEATHERS TUMMY FIBER.Wish i could have found it MANY , MANY years ago.Thank you .
 I have IBS-D and I tried the Fiber35 Acacia Fiber by RenewLife . I checked with RenewLife and they use both the Senegal and Royal fibers . I felt that their fiber did n't do that well , so I tried this . With Heather 's , which is pure Senegal and is the higher grade -LRB- do the research and you 'll see it is the highest grade -RRB- , I notice that I do not have gas , I do not have immediate needs to go to the bathroom , and this stuff really helps soothe my stomach and GI system . Also , the fiber really helps to keep my blood sugar levels lower so I have found I do not crave sweets as much when I use this.TIPS FROM ME : * I started out using Heather 's Travel Packs to help build up my levels . One pack a day for the first week , then two packs per day , etc. . The packs are the perfect size . * The fiber does seem to clump together whether it is hot or cold liquids . Here 's a tip
 I 'm somewhat angry at the negative reviews here of people who can not follow simple directions . I almost did n't buy this powder because of reviewers who wrote that the powder did not dissolve in water and instead ended up a chunky mess . These people obviously did not follow the instructions . You put your fiber into a glass , pour water over it while stirring with a fork -LRB- I actually use a bar stirrer which works just fine -RRB- , then let it sit for a minute or two , and then stir again . The first stir does leave chunks , but if you leave it be for a couple of minutes it all dissolves . There are no chunks and it has the taste and consistency of slightly foamy water.Also , if you only take it once in awhile it will do nothing for you . You have to be consistent with it . It 's not working wonders for me yet -LRB- I just bought it a couple of weeks ago -RRB- but it is helping . It 's not the only tool in your IBS arsenal . It 's just part of the solution.I definitely recommend this . It 's really not expensive when you consider how much powder is in one canister and if you drink it consistently you will notice a difference .
 I get great results using a big spoonful of this and a big spoonful of organic psyllium powder in an 8 oz . smoothie every morning . Definately helps keep the colon clean .
 My husband had been using a Metamucil powder . I wanted to begin a fiber supplement , and I wanted something organic . This product works best when I mix it into my oatmeal , or applesauce , or something with that kind of consistency . It does have a slight taste when I use 6 teaspoons in one bowl of oatmeal , and it is not unpleasant . This powder does not mix in without some clumping . My husband mixes one teaspoon into a small glass of water twice a day , and that works for him . I 'm not sure it helps as much as I want it to with irregularity . I have been using it everyday for a month , and still do not BM everyday . Still a work in progress ...
 I picked this Febreze scent over the others because it is very clean . Not too fruity or flowery , the strength can be adjusted using a slider on the back -LRB- high or low -RRB- . Also has a rotating polarized plug . I got for under $ 7/unit elsewhere though .
 Morocan Bazaar is one of Febreeze 's best scents . Too hard to find . This product was a bit pricey for the amount of time it lasts .
 Do n't understand why Febreze no longer makes this . It 's a delicious scent and I 've had so many people ask me for the name . It 's spicy so if you do n't like ginger , sandalwood , etc it wo n't appeal to you . In a small , closed area it might be too much but our home is fairly open and it 's perfect . Now to resume my hunt for more of it ...
 I wish they would put this back on the market in the stores . This fragrance so wonderful ! I have one in my office at work and people are constantly asking me what is that wonderful smell .
 I 've been using this for about a month now and it 's exactly what I was looking for . I did n't want to spend much more than $ 20 , and you would never guess it cost so little based on the appearance - it is sturdy and made from great quality materials . The light has 3 strength levels but I only ever use it on high . It 's not bright enough to use in a pitch-dark room , but if you have any other lighting in the room , it should be fine -LRB- my room is a cave and it 's still bright enough -RRB- . I like the fact that it has two sides and both are lighted . The regular side is perfect for applying makeup , while the magnified side is great for plucking your eyebrows or other tasks that require a close-up view.The only downside is the the touch sensor on the base . I 'm always accidentally brushing against it and turning it off , which can get annoying . That 's the only reason why I 'm rating this a 4 and not a 5 .
 This mirror arrived in a timely manner and in excellent condition and it is a very pretty mirror that works very well .
 I love this mirror . It is exactly what I had been looking for . The magnigication is excellent and it has 3 different light settings . The only small negative aspect is that the touch for the light settings is ultra sensitive and I will touch by mistake and turn the light off . Not really a big deal though . Great product .
 I looked a long time both in stores and online for a magnification mirror that would work for me . I wanted one tall enough so I did n't have to bend over to look into it -- got it . I wanted quality -- got it , I wanted versatility -LRB- three different magnifications -RRB- -- got it , and I especially wanted it to be bright enough to be useful -- got it . And it looks really nice on my bathroom counter . You will love the oval shape . This is one of the better products of its kind on the market . Ca n't go wrong !
 I have been hunting around for such a mirror in Singapore for months and the nearest I could find is a lighted wall hung mirror with 3x magnification . I would love this product even more if this come in local voltage . I have to buy a step-up transformer and do not feel exactly comfortable using it since it gives a buzzing sound . I hope that Conair would manufacture in dual voltage -LRB- 110 & 220v -RRB- or at least allow the consumer to choose the voltage they want ... talking about going global !
 My Wife has been searching brick and mortar stores for about a year for a good mirror to help with her makeup application . All were either too cheap or too expensive . After searching thru the extensive Amazon mirror selection I settled on the Infiniti by Conair BE86 . She is very happy with all aspects of this one . Quality of the delivered product was excellent
 i work for a cosmetics company where my face has to look flawless down to the smallest detail everyday and i could never really achieve that with a regular mirror , but with the triple magnification mirror i spend less time working on my makeup and can see exactly what i 'm doing.the lighting is good and the 10x mag . is great for tweezing eyebrows.love it .
 Pros
 I like the clean , elegant design and heavy , solid feel of this mirror . It looks nice on my bathroom counter . The three magnifications give it extra versatility -- great for putting on makeup , or for situations where you need extra close visibility , like getting a lash out of your eye -LRB- which happened to me just recently , and the high magnification inset made removing the offending object easier than ever -RRB- . Although there are three levels of brightness provided by the built in illumination , they range from dim to really dim , unlike my previous 60s-era mirror that lit up the entire house and was probably visible from space . I rely on ambient lighting-assist with my new mirror.The on/off and brightness levels are controlled by tapping the base , which is fast and easy , almost too easy as it is common to touch it accidentally . I 'm getting used to quickly tapping the base three times to get back to where I was when this happens.Overall , I 'm very happy with this lovely , versatile mirror . The built-in light could be a little brighter , but it looks great , and it 's got the magnification requirements well covered .
 I bought this mirror for my bathroom , because of it 's longish design , it does n't take too much space on my counter . The touch control is great as well as the bottom extra magnifying part . I 've had this for about two months now and it 's still working great . It 's wonderful for applying make-up and tweezing .
 Very nice product . Works great , looks great and my wife loves it .
 What a deal ! I did not expect this mirror to be this nice for such a low price . The lighting is perfect . The magnification is great for tweezing . It looks great on the bathroom counter , no need to hide it away , it 's so pretty you will want to leave it out . Also , you simply turn it on by tapping the bottom base , very convenient . I think I will buy one for my mother too !
 Perfect for tweezing your brows perfectly or finding those little imperfections you did n't even know you had ! The magnification with this mirror is awesome .
 This is a great product ... everything I wanted in a makeup mirror ... received in record time in excellant condition ...
 It 's a good mirror when there 's not good place to have a wall mirror . This works great for area that 's dimly lit in the corner of the bedroom .
 Seems like a very good product . Does not feel cheap . Wife seems to like her present . Light is excellent .
 Given as a gift to my mother but she loves the mirror . Likes how you touch the base for the different light levels although you can accidentally touch the base applying make up . For the price , it 's a nice mirror .
 Perfect for what I need . I do wish it would go off automatically , though , as I 'm still not used to turning it off when finished .
 This is a solid make-up mirror for the price - nice size , shape , 3-level lighting , and magnification . The ultra-magnification spot on the one side is perfect for a close-up view of an eye -LRB- or whatever -RRB- ... . From an aesthetic standpoint , I 'm not a fan of the pock-marks on the base - they really do n't add anything ; but that 's minor . My one real gripe with this mirror is that the light frequently -LRB- maybe twice a week or so ? -RRB- goes on by itself ! I initially blamed my husband and my kids - and then it happened when they were n't around - and I had n't gone near the mirror . Not a big deal , but of course the bulb life wo n't be as long -LRB- and it 's annoying to see that light coming from the bathroom in the middle of the night - somehow it always happens at night - or maybe that 's just when I actually notice it - and to have to drag myself out of bed to turn it off .
 The quality of this mirror is great . It saddens me to have to return it because the magnification circle at the bottom of the mirror gets in the way and leaves very little room to see myself in the mirror when I apply makeup . If it did n't have this circle at the bottom , I 'd definitely keep the mirror . The lighting is ok , although could be brighter , but you fix this issue by making sure you add other light sources when doing your makeup . I love the touch feature to increase the lighting and the 10X magnification mirror on the other side . Very sturdy , good quality but unfortunately , will have to go back . I 'm going to return it and get a mirror without the magnification circle at the bottom .
 Yes , this one 's more expensive than the other Conair mirrors . But the oval design and adjustable lighting makes it a worthwhile investment . The 10X spot magnification is a brilliant addition that every woman with impeccable grooming expectations would need !!
 So this is a nice looking mirror that is very sensitive to touch -LRB- ie
 I 'm a 64-year-old woman with difficulty seeing close up . I 've had many lighted make-up mirrors over the years and had yet to find one that had adequate lighting , enough magnification , and distortion-free mirror glass . My last mirror had been purchased from a speciality store for about $ 80 and I was n't that happy with it.I recently purchased my second Conair Infiniti mirror . I received my first one two years ago as a Christmas gift . When I got home and plugged it in I was amazed at how clear the images were and how perfect the magnification was . It has a regular 1X side with a small 10X magnification `` button , '' and a reverse side with 7X magnification - this is the side that I use and it 's perfect for me . It has three light settings which are controlled by touching the base of the mirror . I would prefer that it had a switch instead , but this is only a minor annoyance in my opinion . The only reason that I replaced the original one was that I accidentally broke the mirror on one side . I tried using one of my `` old '' mirrors -LRB- I have about 4 or 5 of them , always searching for the perfect mirror -RRB- but they do n't compare with the Infiniti . This is why I ordered another one just like it.I highly recommend this mirror for women like me who want a good clear view of their face so they can get their makeup on right !
 The lighting could be a little brighter , but it is a nice mirror with good magnification .
 Good product at reasonable price . I will like it more if this product with dual Voltage ... 120 & 220
 I wish the light was much brighter , but the magnification is great . For the price this is a good mirror .
 The magnification options on this mirror are great . The light is not bright enough to be used on its own ; you still need another light source with it , either bright daylight , a lamp or an overhead light fixture . The price was right for what I received .
 I bought this as a gift for my mom . She says it 's great and really likes the built in extra magnification spot .
 These work well with the intended Simplehuman trash can . The are a perfect fit , which looks nice . They are strong and lift a heavy load . I always take them out when the trash can is full . They have n't ripped or dripped on me yet . I give them a Net Promoter Score of 10 - I 'm a promoter .
 As advertised , the simplehuman brand trash bags -LRB- size K -RRB- fit my simplehuman trash can -LRB- size K -RRB- . The handles occasionally rip through the bag if our trash has been especially heavy or if we 've been especially delinquent in taking out the garbage.Other than that , yes indeedy ! These simplehuman size k liners will fit your simplehuman size k trash can !
 I am 40 with mixed oily and dry/wrinkled skin . The fruit fiesta peel -LRB- used alternatively with the pumpkin peel -RRB- has taken years off my appearance , reduced wrinkles , eliminated blackheads , and has pretty much eliminated acne breakouts . It burns a bit -LRB- which means it 's working -RRB- . I use it 1-2 times per week and the pumpkin peel 1-2 times per week.This product is 100 % natural , smells delicious , and my skin glows and looks so fresh and new after I wash it off !
 I am not one to leave reviews , but I absolutely love this product . It works extremely well has resurfaced my skin , cut down on black heads and gives me a youthful glow !! I 'm 35 and my skin is showing signs of living in the Texas heat and sun as well as aging and this product is remarkable !
 Love this product as well as their pumpkin peel . I have sensitive oily skin and wanted a toxic free product to help maintain a youthful look to my hormonally changing skin . I alternate depending on what yummy natural product I feel like pampering my skin with . It feels good to look so radiant and young with out all the harmful chemicals of phthalates , parabens , propylene glycol , ureas , EDTA and formulated fragrance and artificial colors !
 Smells fabulous and is this deliciously rich raspberry color ... Did the patch test as my skin tends towards sensitivity and followed directions ... This is a speedy peel - just 5 minutes ... Even though the patch test did not feel warm/tingly when it was all over my face I definitely felt the `` peel '' effect ... Rinsed it off and followed with toner and Mychelle 's Pumpkin Renew Cream -LRB- best . ever . -RRB- and wow - my skin was a little rosy for a little while after -LRB- an hour at most -RRB- but it glowed and was smooth , soft , and renewed as baby skin . I 've tried a few OTC peels and plenty of gritty exfoliating products this really did the job beautifully . I am really impressed with this peel .
 This fruit peel does work pretty good and does n't have a burning sensation ... at least on me . It was easy to use and did make my skin look brighter/better the next day . The only negative was the amount they give you for the price you pay :-LRB- It 's a very small amount . I 've purchased pumpkin peels , etc. and the products were about the same performance wise , but greater in quantity .
 This peel rivals the high end department store at home peels plus it smells yummy . I leave it on for 5 minutes and my skin is soft , supple and like glass.All Mychelle products are first class-paraben free and they deliver
 I purchased this peel after a recommendation , I was searching for a strong natural enzyme peel and I finally found it ! I use this weekly and noticed a difference after my first couple of uses . It 's so much more effective than much more expensive peels that I have tried .
 I definitely see a difference in my skin with this peel . I use it with other MyChelle products . I LOVE THIS LINE OF PRODUCTS !
 This product works really well . It tingles quite a bit when applied , but standing in front of a fan helps . It reduces large pores , fades sun damage , and generally makes your skin look like you have had a professional peel . I always glow after giving myself one . Plan on being a little red for a few hours , so do n't do it right before you are going out somewhere . I alternate between this and the pumpkin peel , and would purchase both items again .
 I was nervous to use this peel because I have had professional peels before at the spa and they have irritated my skin and caused breakouts afterward . So it was with trepidation that I used the trial-sized version of this peel yesterday . What a difference ! My skin looks fresh for the first time in over a year ! My recommendation to others who are nervous about buying skincare products is to get the travel kit
 This is the best peel I have ever used and I have tried a lot of them . I am a customer for life , unless they change this product .
 What an incredible peel . I 've tried other peels with chemicals and this is far superior . Smells amazing !! Works on my face and my hands which have little dark spots . I just love using this product for the way my face looks and feels .
 I have only been using this product for two weeks ... it does burn and feels itchy on the skin immediatly after applying the peel ... might want to sit in front of a fan to tolerate the 5 min your supposed to have this on the skin . I have acne prone skin with blotchy marks so I 'm hoping with regular use ... I can get the blotchy marks to lighten up . My advise , use this product once a week ... the first week , I used it 2 times and I noticed a small breakout around the corners of my chin . This product might be too strong to apply a couple or few times a week . other than all that ... the smell and texture of the peel feels luxerious . : - -RRB-
 Love the peel.extremely gentle and non-irritating unlike other peels I have used in the past.I use this 2-3 times per week and skin feels softer and smoother afterwards.Recommend this product for anyone looking for something natural and cruelty-free in a skincare line
 Great product . Smells wonderful , organic , cruelty free , ... good for you and for the Earth !
 I purchased this item due to my skin defect after birth contol pills . My OB-GYN doctor recommended birth control pills due to my age , almost 40 . After taking BCP for three months , my facial condition became terrible . I started having all pigmentations darker and increased , also even moles started showing up more and darker . My face became something else , not a human face , I thought . I got very much depressed and stopped going out . I have no idea , but my dermatologist never called me back either . I started looking up all over internet and found this item . So far so good . Its scent is good . Somehow , this product does not have detailed instruction or warning . It only has instruction on the outer box . -LRB- no extra insert information -RRB- . I have no idea how often I need to use this . No warnings of side affect either . So , I assumed and decided to use it once a month . Therefore , I really can not say if this product does work . I will update some months later.So far it is pretty good enough to use at home without big charge at a dermatologist 's office .
 I picked up this soap because my toddler was having trouble with dry skin during the winter . After only a few days , the dry skin was gone and the red bumps cleared up . I also gave it to my husband who suffers from Eczema . It worked to relieve his symptoms as well . It also has that great baby lotion smell !
 I love the lime green and they are hard to find in that color . They do n't exactly match the picture but , they are very close . Oh , and something to note is that the bags are only 5 oz .
 The green is the exact color I wanted . The taste is very good . I had a small loss of a few jimmies because the bag seal at the top leaked . The company responded emmediately to my email so I have no problem with the product or the vendor .
 This is a great toothbrush ! The soft bristles and compact head are perfect for getting plaque off teeth .
 This is great toothbrush . i do n't know why i ca n't find it in target store or walmart store . it makes me feel like to brush my teeth everyday . hope it is always available in stores .
 Oooh , is this an awesome toothbrush ! It really does massage your gums as you brush - I 've never felt anything like it . It 's just incredible , especially since I have sensitive , bleeding gums and most brushes just irritate my mouth . This one does n't do any of that - just massages as you brush . Great , great product - wish it had been out years ago ! Highly , highly , highly recommend !
 It gives me some coverage without a caked-on makeup look . I also prefer to shop from vegan cruelty-free companies . This size will last me for several months with almost daily use .
 My only complaint about this product is that it is difficult to find anywhere else . I am glad I discovered it through Amazon and really hope they continue carrying it ! I agree totally with the other positive reviews.A little bit of the soap goes a long way in washing both hair and body . It lathers great and my daughters hair smells so clean and fresh until her next bath . Since birth my 2 1/2 year old has had some rough and slightly bumpy skin on her upper arms . Since using this product , that problem has gone away and her skin is never dry . I also think three -LRB- good size -RRB- bottles for $ 15 is a great value , especially since the soap does last longer than other bath washes we have tried .
 Smells great . Does n't hurt precious little eyes . All their line is absolutely terrific . I made the mistake of purchasing another brand and will never do that again . My husband loves this stuff so much , he takes baths with it ! : -RRB-
 I bought this product to use with my toddler . Most other products cause her to develop a rash and she needed some help with her oily scalp . This product has solved both problems ! It is gentle enough for me to put in her bath for bubbles and I can wash her hair and it does n't sting her eyes ! It smells funky coming out of the bottle , but mixes with water to make a very nice scent . It leaves her hair silky and clean and her scalp has cleared up also . My tweenager also uses this and we have seen a decrease in the pre-pimples on her face
 I ca n't say enough good things about the Lil Goat products . We use the body wash/shampoo , the lotion and the diaper cream . My baby 's skin feels like velvet ! She smells so good and the diaper cream is the highest total % of zinc oxide I have found , plus it smells good which important when you are using diaper cream ;-RRB- Not to mention the multiple packs are such a good deal . I am ordering the diaper wipes today and I hope I love them as much as the body products.I used to use Mustela and liked it , but I LOVE LIL GOAT !
 THIS BODY WASH IS GREAT FOR KIDS WHO HAVE ALERGYS , MY GRANDDAUGHTER HAS BEEN USEING IT SINCE SHE WAS BORN . AND IT WORKS GREAT !!! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT !!!
 Ive been using this on my 18 month daughter for a while now ... its been very pleasant smelling on her and the texture is so soft ... I love bathing my little one now :-RRB- IT seems to make her dry skin smooth . . though she still needs a good moisturiser after the bath . Got to try their moisturiser too ... three cheers for li'l goat baby wash !!
 I highly recommend this product . It leaves my baby smelling wonderful and his skin is not as dry as it was before using this product .
 We love this shampoo ! It doesnt smell that great in the bottle but after your childs hair is dry their hair smells wonderful and clean all day !!!
 I am a mother of twins who have sensitive skin . My cousin gave us a bottle of this last year and we absolutely love it . It is great for their sensitive skin and it smells soooo good ! I really like it much better than Aveno 's baby wash ! This soap lathers up so much better than Aveno but also dissipates in the tub water so it does n't get too sudsy . A little goes a long way . I even have all my girlfriends with twins hooked on it now too ! We all love it and am really glad that Amazon carries it ! Try it , you wo n't be disappointed!Mamma to Kaia and Kolby , 10 months
 This is a lovely product , excellent for small babies , young children , and even adults . The soap is very mild but still produces a thick lather , which can double as a bubble bath for toddlers . It also has a mild scent . Most importantly , it is not drying to delicate skin .
 Canus Li'l Goat 's Milk Tearless Shampoo/Body Wash is a great product for sensitive skin . It 's gentle enough for everyday use on skin and hair . The creamy lather cleans my skin without drying . My babies are now adults but I use this product everyday to baby myself .
 I love the smell and it seems to be very gentle on my baby 's skin .
 good size bottle but leaks during shipment or if stored upside down . nice wash a little too perfumey though .
 We 've been using this product for about a month now , and are happy with the way it 's making our son 's skin feel . It lathers nicely , and his skin is so soft after a bath . And , when he wakes up he smells so fresh and clean ! He has sensitive skin , and so far he has no dry patches with this new soap .
 I came across this product in a specialty boutique 18 months ago and thought I would try it for my daughter . I wo n't use anything else now . The smell of many baby bath products do n't appeal to me and/or do n't mosturize that well . This product succeeds in both categories . It smells great and mosturizes well .
 From the second I started using this soap , it is the only one I use . I love the smell and it makes me feel fresh and clean . It has this really cool refreshing smell to it .
 My doctor recommended this thumb stabilizer . It works well , but I wear them out fast . They come apart at the seems . I have tried other types of thumb support and I think this one works the best .
 I had doubt when I first bought this item . I can not believe this product will really release my thumb pain . After I use it for a few days , it immediately show some relief . After using it for 2 month , My thumb pain has been greatly reduced to almost nothing.The only problem I had with this product is the life span of the steel stick . The stick that on the back side usually broke in about three - four weeks . I am already use my third pair right now . That is the reason I gave it a 4 stars . Other than this , it really works .
 Love the Herbal Colgate . Sometimes hard to find at the local stores .
 I used a colgate herbal I bought in Russia that contained eucalyptus , myrrh , chamonile , sage . Not sure if the one reviewed is the same product . Have not been able to find in US .
 I was looking for a multi alarm system and the multi clock style alarms were not adequate enough . I stumbled on this pill timer while searching . I am so glad I did . I am using it both as an alarm for other things and I started taking my vitamins because of this pill timer as well.The compartments remove easily for ppl who may have pain in their hands . They are not so easy that they fall off by themselves - which is a plus.The slide buttons to set the alarms are easy to move , I do have to press the button to turn off the alarm a few times but nothing to complain about , in my opinion.It comes with 4 pill compartments and one can buy and add more if needed . The compartments are generous sized . I do n't ' have an old fashioned half dollar but I would guess they are that size around and are about .65 '' deep . The clear top that covers the alarm settings is easily opened and snaps shut , but again , not too hard to open.The alarm CUBE is a nice size , it can easily fit into a man 's messenger bag or a woman 's purse as long as it is not a clutch purse . It fits , laying down , in my desk.The alarm is loud enough for me . I can hear it when it is in another room . If you are hearing impaired , it probably would n't be loud enough for you to do that . The alarm is not irritatingly loud or obnoxious.Someone mentioned it was ugly and institutional looking . I would like to see something that is n't , in that person 's opinion . What is n't these days ? I think the iPods and cell phones are institutional looking so I guess it 's a matter of perspective.One thing that may be important to potential users . One can only set alarms on the hour , no half hour alarms.If you have any questions , comment on this review and I will update this review to answer your questions .
 I work part time from home and I purchased this item because I was looking for some sort of an alarm/timer that could be use by my neighbor to remind her to come over to let my dog out several times a day on those days that I do go into the office . I call her from work to let her know it 's her day to let him out and she simply pushes the button in for each hour that she plans to come and let him out . The alarm sounds at each hour that she sets as her reminder , it could n't be much simpler . Unlike other timers that you have only one or two alarms and you have to fumble around to set up the time you want . By flipping the button for each hour , this timer can be set for up to 24 alarms a day . The alarms can only be set on the hour and not on the half hour but that works fine for my purpose . I assume It works great for it 's intended purpose also which is to remind someone to take their pills . Think of you own uses for this time , I 'm sure there are lots .
 I bought this for my father who has recently been put on regular medication . He is a very active businessman but tends to get focused and forget to take his pills so I thought this might help . It has . The E-Pill Cube is not exactly the coolest looking thing , but it is loud and easily concealable . The compartments may be removed to make it smaller , for example , so it will fit in a desk drawer or a briefcase . It is also very easy to use , which may be a factor for older folks or people with arthritis . If E-Pill came out with something that did n't look so institutional , I would give them five stars , but this thing is just too ugly , even though it works .
 I take 28 pills per day - sometimes more . This is the _ best _ pill-timer/case I have found . The 24 wee slider tabs and the nature of the nag-alarm are perfect for one who lives according to the dictates of Captain Clock.It is sheer evil for them to charge what they do for these , as wonderful as they are - but then I 'm used to that by now . In America , health care itself - even nutritional food - is tiered
 I really like the way this is set up . The only thing I would suggest is to have 7 days available , like many other pill holders . I tend to not use it when I have to stop and refill in the middle of the week . But the timer works great and always reminds me to take my evening medication , which has been forgotten many times .
 This item is very handy if you have to take pills many times a day ! It 's a bit pricey -LRB- my reason for 4 stars -RRB- but I think they have the market cornered with this item . I like that you can have up to 24 alarms -LRB- one per hour -RRB- every day . The alarms can only be set `` on-the hour '' but it 's all right . simply shift your pill schedule to fall upon the hour . This company shipped FAST !! -LRB- had it in 2 days -RRB-
 I just received this item today , so I ca n't speak for its long-term efficacy . I did want to pop in to say that this is d-Alpha vitamin e -LRB- natural -RRB- as opposed to dl-Alpha -LRB- synthetic -RRB- . The only other ingredient is extra virgin olive oil . I uploaded a couple of photos of the label . The bottle came sealed with an expiration date of 05/16 . This was sold and fulfilled by Amazon.I purchased this for use on my skin , but I tasted it . It definitely tastes like a vegetable/plant derived oil , and taste of the olive oil is distinct as well . None of that odiferous , furniture polish scented , lemon oil wannabe crap . I tested it on the inside of my arm , and after it absorbed I feel minimal to no oily residue -- very nice.Due to its obvious freshness , high potency , natural origins , and sealed bottle with a lengthy time until expiration , I 'll give it the benefit of the doubt and rate it 4 stars . If it does n't break me out I 'll come back and give it 5 . Enjoy ! : - -RRB-
 I purchased this only for my skin . It 's completely different from the other Vitamin E oil I had which was Sundown Naturals and I did find out it was synthetic oil . As a result I bought the Now E Liquid . I 'm new the E oil thing so I do n't have much to judge this on other than the other oil I had . This oil soaks into the skin well , it is made of D - Alpha and not DL - Alpha which is synthetic . The other oil did n't really soak into the skin and was A LOT thicker than the E Liquid . It was the consistency of honey . This is more like an oil , olive oil is the only other ingredient listed . This is a darker color than the synthetic which was clear . It looks just like Extra Virgin Olive Oil.I guess my only worry comes from the oil part . I do n't have another real Vitamin E Oil to compare it to so I 'm hoping it 's right and pure vitamin e oil is oily and like extra virgin olive oil . If so , please let me know ! I guess it should n't matter because EVOO is apparently great for the skin as well but I 'm looking for the benefits of the E oil . And it is listed as an oil which is what it is ; not thick like honey . But , like I said , I have no other E oil to compare it to that 's not synthetic and I hope it 's not just 99 % EVOO.However , it feels like a great moisturizer and it just feels great in and on the skin . I have n't used it but a couple times because I just received it but hopefully it does well for my skin and I start to see improvements on some of my lines on my forehead and I 'm really hoping it helps some of the acne marks left on my chin . I 'm also mainly using it as a wrinkle repellant ! so far it has been good !
 Since we got this air freshenerd and wonderful fragrance , we seems to be in Hawaii.Even though we are in Japan actually.We are enjoying this fantastic smell everyday .
 These do exactly what they are supposed to do . They are thick enough that they do n't tear but not too thick that they become a hindrance .
 They fit my big mitts just fine . I carry them in all my med . kits and use them around the house when I want to keep my hands clean ... painting or working or greasy things or whatever . I 'll probably buy latex free next time , but this are fine gloves .
 My husband has large hands and WalMart does n't carry extra large rubber gloves so I thought I would give these a try . I am happy that I finally found a gloves that wo n't rip when my husband puts them on .
 These gloves are very strong and roomy in extra large size.Far more so than others.It is almost a shame to use them only once .
 These Latex gloves are the best out there . I have tried many different gloves as an auto technician , but find that these are the only gloves I will buy or wear anymore . They fit very well and are more durable and flexible than other gloves and also give a better feel to work with . I re-use these often more than once a pair and have seen people say that they are hard to turn from inside out . Just push the biggest part into the glove and blow into the cuff and you 're ready to go again . Absolutely the best you can buy !
 These gloves are awesome . I work on medical and lab instruments . Gloves are mandatory . -LRB- blood exposure -RRB- Gloves are plentiful and available at all my customer sites . Unfortunately the gloves are very thin and/or too small . Because I am doing mechanical repairs they break and tear all the time . On site gloves usually lasted less than 5 minutes.I bought a box of these and have not had a torn glove since . They are durable , have good tactile feel and textured grippy finger pads . I feel very secure and safe from unexpected exposure.I no longer drop tools.Thumbs up !
 My husband likes to wear these when he works in the garage on his car . They are durable and do not rip whereas others would .
 I HAVE USED THIS EXACT GLOVE FOR THE LAST 9 YEARS AT WORK AS A FIRE/MEDIC . THEY ARE GREAT ! VERY DURABLE , DO NOT RIP EASILY LIKE NON LATEX GLOVES HAVE WHEN I NEEDED THEM MOST . GREAT FOR CHANGING OIL OR ANYTHING INVOLVING CHEMICALS/PAINT YOU DO N'T WANT ON YOUR HANDS . IF I AM WORKING IN THE GARAGE , I THROW A PAIR ON AND GET TO WORK . I ALSO KEEP A FEW PAIRS IN MY TRUCK IN CASE I COME UPON AN ACCIDENT ON THE ROAD . THEY STRETCH VERY WELL . EVEN TO THE POINT SOME GUYS HAVE BLOWN THESE UP TO MAKE A INFLATABLE TOY FOR KIDDOS DURING DEMOS . THEY EASILY WILL BLOW UP 10X THEIR NORMAL SIZE WITH NO RIPPING OR TEARING.WORD OF CAUTION , RUBBER GLOVES DO NOT HANDLE SUN LIGHT WELL SO KEEP EM OUT OF DIRECT SUNLIGHT FOR LONG HOURS . WHEN I WAS IN EMS , IF WE LEFT THE BOXES ON THE DASH FACING UP , THE GLOVES WOULD TURN COLOR AND RIP EASIER .
 I 've tried a lot of different gloves that are supposedly one size fits all , but they all break through at the fingertips . These gloves are sturdy and the XL actually fits !
 I am always buying these gloves . They 're good value for the money , they are sturdy enough to work on my car with . I will always purchase these for as long as I need some .
 I use these gloves in the kitchen while cooking . It makes for an easy and quick clean up when working with messy foods .
 NICE GLOVES WORK WELL NEEDED XLARGE FOR MANS HANDS.I HAD LARGE LAST YEAR WAS TO SMALL TO USE 2 TIMES .
 I have been an ASE Certified Master Mechanic since 1974 and over the years have used many different types and styles of gloves to protect my most valuable tools , my hands ! I , once I tried these gloves , will probably never use any others . I am able to reuse these ; I let them dry inside out , which I am seldom can with other styles . They hold up well and I suggest others to use them .
 THESE GLOVES ARE GREAT , I 'VE BEEN BUYING THEM FOR ABOUT 2 YEARS NOW AND WILL CONTINUE BUYING THEM AS LONG AS THEY EXIST , ONLY PROBLEM I HAVE WITH IT IS THAT , IF YOU TAKE THE GLOVES OFF AND WANT TO PUT THE NEW ONES ON THEY WILL NOT MAKE IT EASY ON YOU . OTHER THAN THAT , THEY ARE GREAT.THANKS DIAMOND GRIP .
 I use latex gloves for gluing , staining , painting , mudding -LRB- drywall -RRB- you get the picture . But what i hate is one size does not fit all and that you rip out the palms of the gloves out just getting them on . The Microflex gloves are great , that they get on without ripping and last without cutting the blood off to your hands from being ` one size fits all . ` For Amazon
 If you need Extra-Large latex gloves , these are excellent quality . The one-size-fits-all do n't ! My husband uses these for gardening and other heavy-duty cleaning chores . They could last for more than one job , but once he takes them off , they ca n't be easily put on again . These are a bit more expensive than the one-size , but they 're worth the price !
 Needed the gloves for A&P ; class and they are true to size and fit once on . Ordered the XL and have plenty of room , but not too much.Thought the gloves were black in color , as that was what I was searching for , but they are natural latex color . Oh well , will look better the next time I reorder them .
 I am a handy man , I use these for all kinds of work , staining , grease I have big hands fit great !!!!
 These gloves are so easy to get on and are strong enough to last all day and still deliver maximum protection .
 These are excellent gloves . The fit is great . They are very tough , held up well while changing brakes . Definately recommend .
 These gloves are very strong and durable . I use them when working on my car , house cleaning or simply washing dishes . Yes , they cost a bit more than the usual latex gloves but they are stronger and last longer . I purchased two boxes and I 've barely used the first box . For casual use around the house one pair can be used multiple times . I strongly recommend them .
 Initially I got to try these gloves because a friend brought them over for my wife and I to use them to keep our hands clean when cleaning firearms -LRB- the solvent is not fun to get on you and smells horendous -RRB- or even for when I paint my tabletop miniatures . The gloves do n't cause any reactions , there is n't a ton -LRB- if any -RRB- powder to be left on your hands , and they fit really well . They are n't weak gloves either , so no need to worry about them tearing . Highly recommended .
 I like these . I 've bought many different brands and these work as good as any . The fit good and do n't puncture easily .
 These are my preferred latex glove for doing work around the house and on my cars . They are tough , do n't smell , and seem to stand up to oil . I have a friend who is a mechanic and uses these each day at work . That should speak for itself ...
 XL is sized right . Alway has been a problem finding disposibles that fit . These do the trick and are strong too .
 As an auto tech and do-it-yourselfer I have used these gloves for years . It seems this box does have powder in the gloves and they do not seem as thick as they have been in the past . Still thevbestblstex glove on the market and still better than most nitrile gloves .
 I am retired firefighter and we used the same gloves at work . they do not tear easily . I use them around the house for cleaning and for gutting deer in the woods .
 Thank you for fast easy service , the product is very important tony students . We have used it on a daily basis to help cut down on the spread of colds and other germs
 Great price fast shipping I have 4 of the wall dispensers around the house so it was a good deal for me
 I used to use soap and water between seeing people . Now a quirk squirt and I wipe my hands together for a few seconds until dry . No lingering scent , irritation or tachyness .
 We bought this to go with our Purell Dispenser for our Co-Op 's community gym to cut down on germs . The residents absolutely love it .
 I AM A DIABETIC AND DRINK ALOT OF WATER . the only one i feel is the best for me is the iceland pure water . I have tried all the other so called spring water out there andis nothing compared to iceland pure water . I have a hard time finding here in N.H. I would like to know where else i can get this water besides Walgreens . I GIVE THIS ICELAND PURE WATER AN A - PLUS.Carol Mccarthy
 they stink like hell when you get them out of the box , but add a little Fabreeze -LRB- ok , a lot -RRB- and then let them air out in the garage or on a patio ... and voila ... they stink a lot less . hardly at all.but who cares ? they are really worth it . My feet are flat , but I do n't have any real medical issues , except I have flat wide feet . and so , most shoes that I get have zero support and my feet get tired and hurt.so , I got these and they work great . no more foot pain , no more tired feet . and plenty of arch support . so much that I 'm ordering more .
 These work fine for me . I had purchased both , these 3/4 length as well as the full length ones . The reason for the 4 stars -LRB- vs. 5 -RRB- is that I like the full length better -LRB- in shoes that provide the extra room needed -RRB-
 I have used these for years . Have these in every pair of shoes I own . Prescribed by my Dr. . . When I began using these , my feet troubles ended ! Will buy again from this retailer .
 I have purchased these before , actually on several occasions . They were recommended by a podiatrist who told me that they would serve me as well as custom-made orthotics . And they do ! I had not needed them for several years and recently started to use them again . I would highly recommend them .
 I recommend this arch support to anyone who have issues with `` flat '' feet . I used these arch supports in my running shoes and they are quite comfortable . This product truly provides the `` support '' that you need hands-down !
 I have a stress fracture on my arch and like to go to spinning class . I did n't want to pay the $ 100 + for cycling shoes , so I bought these inserts and they are AWESOME . Very stiff -LRB- you would have to boil them to bend them at all -RRB- . I wore them hiking as well and my foot felt great !
 I love these Spenco Orthotics ! These provide the arch support I need when I spend all day on my feet . They have significantly reduced the pain in my arches . I usually put them on top of the existing foot cushions that come with the shoes because these orthotics are only 3/4 in length so they do n't work in all my shoes ; they make some of my shoes feel too tight for my feet . I would recommended the full length Spenco Orthotics if you want something to replace the existing foot cushions that come with your shoes .
 These work , no doubt about it . When I think about the years I suffered through plantar fasciitis before I heard about these , I start hurting all over again . Actually , it was my doctor -LRB- an internist -RRB- who told me about these . He said he wears them , too . He wrote me a prescription , and my insurance bought my first pair . I 've been wearing them for better than a decade , now . There is a small downside , though -- if I stop wearing them , even for just a day , the old pain comes right back . I used to buy them on Ebay , but recently found better prices on Amazon.com . Just one store carries them in my town , and charges the full shot . I 've tried both the full and 3/4 sizes , and found I prefer the 3/4 's with their better toe room , even if they slip around more inside shoes .
 I had bought the full length insoles and love them . However they were a little long for certain shoes . Rather than cut them , I discovered that Spenco had the 3/4 length version . I bought them and put them in my work shoes . I love these as much as the full length . I recommend these . They offer all the support of the full length but they fit all shoes .
 These are the exact product sold at medical supply stores for 1/2 the price ! The are strong , and hold up very well .
 I 'm sure.I think there 's nothing better at this price.I use orthotic insoles with my workboot and I have tried different kind of insoles.Some of them are really very good but very expensive.Others are inexpensive but not very comfortable and less durable.This insoles offers a good arch support -LRB- medium -RRB- , a soft base and , very important , a long life.Don ' t forget the bargain price.very recommended !
 I bought these hoping they would provide me with sturdy HIGH arch support and they are the only insoles I have bought -LRB- and I have tried many -RRB- that do just that . I have sore arches and need high support . They provide this and a cushiony insole too . Plus the plastic is moldable to make a higher arch if I needed such . Excellent product , high quality .
 The Spenco orthotic has helped me stay on my feet a lot longer with little to no pain afterwards . -LRB- CRAZY PRONATION -RRB- I do wish I had gotten the full length orthotics but the 3/4 are more than comfortable and effective
 I was so happy to find this costly item which I usually buy at a surgical supply house on line at Amazon for 1/2 of the price -LRB- even including shipping -RRB- . The postal service had made an error with delivery to my address and returned them to the distributor . The distributor was dilligent and contacting me via phone regarding my order and was gracious enough to absorb the cost of the shipping to re-send my order to me . VERY VERY SATISFIED with this distributor and will definately use again .
 My doctor recommended these Spenco inserts to help with my high arches but could n't find any in stores in my area so ordered online . They have served my very well and my foot pain has subsided .
 I have used these inserts before and they help me quite a bit . They arrived well packaged and on schedule . I am very happy with my purchase .
 This product has been pretty good so far . I am currently in Iraq so I ca n't really comment on the shipping as it takes 2-3 weeks to get mail here . All things considered , the product has made a noticeable difference in the couple weeks that I 've been wearing .
 These inserts are great . They are supportive yet comfortable and do n't reduce the effective size of your shoes too much .
 I have very high arches and problematic calves -- surgery-related nerve and vascular damage have made it necessary to use some sort of orthotic in my shoes . I have a pair of super expensive podiatrist-made orthotics that I use most days . However , the cost of replacement forced me consider an over-the-counter orthotic for use in my garden / work-site shoes . I first bought this Spenco 3/4 length orthotic several years ago at Wal-mart , I think . My existing pair was very comfortable , and performed most like my prescription orthotics , but was a tad too big for my aforementioned cruddy work shoes . I could n't find Spenco orthotics anywhere in town , and the others shoe inserts I tried just did n't offer the same comfort and support . Amazon was pretty much the only seller I could find that carried the 3/4 length in a size 5-6 . They took a while longer than anticipated to arrive , but are identical in quality/comfort/support to the Spenco orthotics I bought years ago . As I write this , I 'm almost tempted to buy a spare pair for future use in fear that they may not be available when the time comes .
 I 've used these for years and have recommended them all my friends and the way to go to get foot comfort . I was especially pleased by the reduced price offered .
 My arch had flattened enough that my toes were touching the front of boots that used to fit . This device lifted the arch enough to make the boot comfortable again . One foot hurt horribly the first half day that I wore the orthotics , as my muscles learned to support the arch again . You should where these only a few hours each day until you become accustomed to them . The 3/4 length is the best choice . A full length orthotic would raise the toes higher where there would be less volume for the toes .
 Beats the expensive orthotics I bought -LRB- where I stepped on paper and then sent the paper in -RRB- and Dr. Scholls hands down .
 Excellent Product.Have prescript insoles for which I paid $ 150 and these seem to be every bit as good.Will buy again .
 I had some foot trouble and my foot doctor started me with a pair of these SPENCO Arch Supports , but he warned me that they were temporary . I found them on the Amazon.com website for less than half of what the doctor charged me and bought two pair . My feet are better now and I no longer need the arch supports . These saved my feet and saved me cash . . !!!
 They are quite comfortable . I can not tell yet , if they have helped my foot problem . I am glad I got the 3/4 length . Even this one , requires a size larger shoe .
 Fantastic . How could something that costs about 14 dollars make you feet feel so good . You have to try it to believe it . Thought they would last about 6 months which would be fine with me . But , it 's about a year and a half now , and except for a little discoloration of the top pad , there is no evidence they 've been used . By the way , I use them with the Reebok Classic , and it fits perfectly . I chose the 3/4 model . Gives your toes that extra room .
 I have the Spenco women 's arch supports for over 2 years now , and they 're just as good as when I first got them . They offer true support and comfort at an amazingly low price . Believe me , I 've had custom made orthotics as well as cheaper ones such as the ones made by Lynco , and these Spenco ones are my favorite . They easily can be molded to your specific foot shape . They also have a foam type padding on top that makes them comfy to wear and very durable . They 're easy to clean as well . I highly recommend them !
 Having worn custom orthotics , I was interested in trying the Spenco orthotic because it had a rigid base and was adjustable . The instructions for adjustment were very sparse , stating to place them in boiling water for 2 minutes and to then adjust as desired . This did not work for me , as I would have hoped that the plastic base would have been more malleable , and it was difficult to hold in position while waiting for it to cool . Customer service said to place it in a shallow pan of boiling water , turn the heat off and wait for 2 minutes and then adjust . This did not work for me either . Finally , I placed the orthotic in my bench vise to hold it in the adjustment that I wanted and used a heat gun to heat the plastic bottom of the orthotic . After leaving it in the vise for a few minutes to cool , it held the shape the I desired and they are very satisfactory to me.I love the WARRANTY -- one year UNCONDITIONAL warranty -- if they do not help you or you are dissatisfied , return them to the manufacturer for a full refund -- now that is confidence in their product!The orthotics seem of good quality and their adjustability is a big selling point for me , though it is a little bit of a hassle to do the adjustment . If there is another brand that is adjustable , I would like to know it . I am considering buying a couple of more of these orthotics to have for each pair of shoes .
 This product works great for me -LRB- Mens size 10-11 , # 4 -RRB- . The arch gradually fades with heavy use , but for the price and the comfort gain I am completely satisfied .
 I have been suffering from plantar fascitis for the past couple of years and things got even worse when I started playing tennis . Feet were really sore through the day and stepping out of bed was a nightmare . Visited a podiatrist and he recommended custom orthotics which I have been using for the past year and a half . I started looking for alternate options when they began to wear out and I did not want to shell out hundreds for the custom ones.From my research on the internet , I shortlisted rigid orthotics from two brands - Moszkito and SpencoI use both of them currently and have had good results , same as what I have got from my custom orthotics . I use the Moszkito on my dress shoes and Spenco on my sports shoes.Spenco feels extremely comfortable and it fit in the shoes rightaway without any modifications . They feel less rigid than the Moszkito ones which hardly bend . The cost factor is defintely in favor of Spenco since they are way more affordable . For about $ 15.00 , this is a gamble you defintely would not avoid to get rid of your foot/heel pain and if it works , you could fit all your shoes with a pair so that you do not have to move them around shoes.Final take - If you are in pain , do not hesitate to give this a try . They work well for me . They may work well for you too !
 I purchased this product from my Podiatrist at a much higher price . It helped me immenseley with lower back pain , due to fallen arches . I was so impressed that I ordered a pair for my son for half the price ! He is thankful , because he believes it has helped his lower back problem.Orthotic 3/4-Length Arch Supports RX
 I got these at the direction of my doctor for plantar fasciitis . I tried them on and had immediate relief.The only downside I 've found is that they are thick and can not be used in most of my shoes . They do fit great in my mountain sandals , which are open in the front and back . They do not move and have never slipped out .
 I have plantar fasciitis and found these supports to be helpful in relieving the pain . They are a little bit wide and did n't fit in all of my shoes , but when worn consistently in tennis shoes , I found that my pain level decreased .
 I have an arthritic big toe and these were given to me by a podiatrist . I 'm still using the same pair from 3 years ago and they have plenty of wear left . They are excellent arch supports without being painful and also help with over-pronation .
 Best arch support without having to get custom-made . Very well made . They do take up a lot of room in your footwear , so plan to use them for sneakers , hiking boots , work shoes , etc. . Not for fancy shoes !
 Spenco arch supports were recommended by a podiatrist , and anybody I 've ever mentioned them to has told me how great they are . Short of a custom made arch support , I would n't use anything else .
 I needed a very durable arch support for my profession as a lineman . I climb poles and ladders all day . So far these supports are working great .
 I had a bad case of plantar faciatus due to flat feet ... these supports helped quite a bit -LRB- but were not a 100 % cure -RRB- . Dont waste your money with store bought insoles like dr sholls ... buy these and you wont be disappointed .
 These orthotics were recommended by my podiatrist for plantar 's fascitus . They are comfortable and began relieving the condition fairly soon -LRB- now it seems I 'm completely heeled -LSB- yuck-yuck -RSB- -RRB- . -LRB- To be fair , I also applied occasional icing in the evenings and exercised my ankles every morning . -RRB- These orthotics are kind of chunky and may not fit -LRB- together with your feet ; ^ -RRB- in some low profile shoes .
 I have been wearing these shoe inserts for years . I have `` flat feet '' and they do the trick . Good , reasonably priced corrections for this problem .
 I have `` falling arches '' or `` flat feet '' and like to play racquetball . when I started experiencing severe foot pain , two other players told me about these and said they were recommended by their orthopedist when they had the same problem . They really do the job !
 I got exactly what I wanted in very satisfactory time . I will probably buy more .
 I had never purchased nor used orthotic inserts before , so I did n't know what to expect . The inserts were as described and pictured , and arrived on time as promised . They are good quality and have been a real benefit to me since I started using them . The price was the best I found either on the internet or in local stores . I will buy more of these from this source again .
 I 've been battling plantar fascitiis for a couple months and decided to get this support to help stretch the tendons in my arch . I can easily move the supports from my tennis shoes to golf shoes . I 'm still having pain , but it 's much better . I 'll be using the supports even after the pain finally quits .
 I 'm very satisfied with this product . I 've used it for several years and would n't use any other type or brand .
 I have extremely flat feet . My podiatrist recommended these orthotics last time I had an office visit , instead of paying alot of money for custom orthotics . He sold me a pair of Spencos , and they were SIGNIFICANTLY more than what I paid on Amazon a few weeks later . I ordered a few sets from Amazon , and they 're great ... and the same exact product my podiatrist sells.At first , they take a little getting used to . After about two days , I forget I 'm wearing them but I remember as soon as I put on shoes without them . My feet feel much better when I wear shoes with these orthotics . I ordered several pairs so I do n't need to keep switching them between shoes . For dress shoes with a smaller toe box , the 3/4 length work well . For athletic shoes , I prefer the full length . I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and 300 lbs , and I wear these on a daily basis . After several months , they still have the same structure under the arch they did on day one . For me , there is no comparison between these and the ones they sell at various drug stores .
 These inserts are just great . Purchased a pair of these at a local store for much more . These are way cheaper then I found anywhere else . These feel great in my sneakers and other shoes I have . I like the idea that you can change the shape of the arch if you need to do so . Put them in an old pair of sneakers and they felt fantastic on my feet . Some people say they need the full length but I feel I only needed the 3/4 . P.S. My Doctor recommended these -LRB- it 's what she uses -RRB- .
 I have really flat feet , and unfortunately , I get knee pain whenever I walk or run for extended periods of time . I 'm planning to get custom orthotics but I thought I 'd try these out in the meantime . They 've really helped reduce the amount of pain in my knees after a long day of walking or jogging.The only downside to them is that they 're a little bit too thick for my flats where I probably need the most arch support . It squishes my feet too much .
 I purchased both the 3/4 and full length arch supports because I was not sure which would be best . The 3/4 works best for me because the longer insoles had to be trimmed to fit in my shoes . They both provide good support . I had used Spenco arch supports in the past and was pleased to see they are still a good product .
 These arch supports helped resolved my plantar fascsitis problem . I bought them many years ago and remembered they helped me , so i did a search and found them . My husband saw how well they worked for me and purchased them for himself , resolving his problem quickly too . They saved me from physical therapy and I 'm very happy . We still use them all the time and never had another flare up . They fit very well .
 I am a runner and I have planter fasciitis , spenco 's make a huge difference , even my lower back and shoulders feel the difference
 I use them in hiking boots.They might not fit in dress shoes.So far I have used them on two hikes . Total of about 15 miles .
 The inserts were very well made , inexpensive and fit into my tennis shoes and dress shoes with ease . The pain that I had prior to getting the inserts was resolved and I will be buying a few more pairs so that I do not have to switch them out between shoes . I am very pleased .
 I had Plantar fasciitis trouble last year . I replaced my hard to find dr scholl 's inserts with these spenco and I have not had any problems since . They keep their shape and have not broken down . They are firm , but not hard .
 My husband received a recommendation from his podiatrist to try the Spenco inserts . He purchased a pair of the full size inserts and they were great in his golf shoes . When he checked Amazon , he liked the idea of a 3/4 insert because that gave him more room in the toe box as well as the support for his feet . Now he has a pair for dress shoes and casual shoes as well as those very important golf shoes . This product is excellent for diabetics who really need to take special care of their feet .
 My podiatrist recommended the Spenco supports and I 've used them for over 3 months playing competitive tennis . They work great as advertised and I can easily change them into other shoes . They do not show any signs of wear . I just bought another pair .
 this always helped my achy arches . In the end after a year of having arch problems and using these to give me relief , I finally tried a barefoot shoe -LRB- Merrell Vibram -RRB- and my feet can go days without ever feeling any pain . Now the only pain i get is when I wear clunky cheap shoes.I figure , this insert is like a medication to a problem that fixes the symptoms but not the underlying problem . The barefoot style shoes for me were like the cure that tackled the whole problem and not just the symptoms.So short term , these are awesome ! Long term , I would totally look into barefoot shoes !
 I have flat feet and work on my feet all day . I have been to two podiatrist . One wanted me to have orthtics made for my feet . To much money !! I went to another one who told me about the Spenco orthotics that would be just fine for my conditon of needing an arch support which also helps in the postioning of my feet so I can afford other complications that can happen with flat feet . I ordered them , got them , and love them . I ordered another pair so I can leave them in the shoes I wear often . Very affordable and well made . Highly recommend Spenco
 I 've been using this product for years . It was recommended by my doctor when my insurance would n't cover the cost for his orthotics.They work great for me and I have recommended them to many of my co-workers .
 I was so pleased with my first Amazon purchase of this product , sold and shipped by Med-Vet International , that I bought three additional pairs of the Spenco RX Orthodic 3/4 insoles . The paperwork received with my initial order included a 10 % off coupon code for use on a future order . In placing my second order for the insoles on Amazon , the software did n't recognize the promo code . I called the customer service number on the MVI paperwork and received the additional 10 % savings . My order was delivered in only 3-days . MVI has outstanding customer service , lowest price and rapid delivery . MVI will definitely be one of my preferred suppliers in the future when shopping on Amazon .
 As I have gotten older , I 've found that I 'm beginning to over-pronate , leading to pain on the inside of my knee , especially during lateral movements during workouts . Before spending the money on custom orthotics , I decided to try these . They have been immensely helpful ; the pain in my left knee is gone and the right has improved considerably . They fit into my athletic shoes easily , without removing the lining , and do n't make my shoes overly tight . I have only used them in my gym shoes so I do n't know if they would fit as well in street shoes . I have a high arch and these inserts give me the support I need .
 Fits in shoes very well . Did n't have to trim them at all . Excellent support . Well worth the money . Has stopped the discomfort in my feet right away . Better than any other supports I have tried . Will recommend to others and will purchase again .
 These inserts helped relieve some of the strain on my feet when I have to be up and about . Like the full length more , though .
 Excellent arch support and much cheaper than the prescription support arches . Make sure you theb ones that have the plastic support .
 Helps my arch problem and always comfortable , my husband also has a pair and he uses for his work shoes and for running shoes . They last for years and are affordable . . we have used them since the early 1990 's .
 this is great product for the money . Helped my husband with plantar facilities They can be cut to fit shoe better .
 I love these inserts I have had them for 2 years now and they work just as well as when I originally purchased them . THey are also easy to move from shoe to shoe . THey fit most of my causual shoes/boots as well . They are a lil wide for some fancy ladies shoes so that has n't been a problem for me . These are really great inserts to avoid plantar facitis at a reasonable price .
 I have plantar fasciitis . The doctor sold me a $ 75 pair of `` professionally fit '' orthotics that hurt my feet something awful ! I ordered these and the pain is gone ! They make my regular work shoes too tight , but casual shoes are fine if you take out the insole that came with the shoe . I will order the `` thin '' version to see if they work in my dressier shoes and boots . No more expensive crap for me !
 I have been using these for years , and I swear by them . I have flat feet , and these are the only insoles that I will even consider . I can even run in them ! The only downside is they have recently started using molded plastic arch supports , which tend to slip forward when I put the shoes on and sometimes when I 'm walking , especially over rough terrain . I much preferred the older solid , rigid foam arches they used to have ; those never slipped !
 A friend told me these were really good for people who had foot problems . My mom had tried several things with no relief . I decided to get these for her to see if they would help . She says her feet do not hurt any more and she is very happy with my purchase for her . When your feet hurt you hurt all over . My mom and I are both very happy with this product !
 This item is terrific . Not only do they fit in shoes , they fit and stay put in open toe and open back sandles . I have a pair for every different shoe . Also , they wash very well and dry overnight .
 This seems to be a problem with just about all vendors of these Spenco inserts.The websites , including Amazon , list size by women 's and men 's shoe size.But Spenco does not print that info on the Arch supports , instead they have a numbering system which correlates to shoe size . Many doctors prescribe these by the Spenco Number , 0 , 1 , 2 , etc. , not by shoe size . So , when you try to order , you are not sure you are ordering the correct Spenco number that your doctor wants you to use . In my wife 's case , the Doc want 's her to use a # 1 , which is supposedly for women 's shoe size 5/6 , even though her shoes are 9/10 ! See the problem ? The vendors for these products should show both the Spenco numbers as well as shoe size info to avoid confusion and facilitate ordering the correct one . I had to go the Spenco website and navigate to a pdf file to find a chart to tell me what I needed to know , a frustrating exercise made necessary by lack of info at the Amazon site .
 These help my feet feel good.I have a bone spur and feet over 60 years old . I follow a large dog for at least a mile each day - in the desert - rough terrain - rocks and brittle brush and holes and washes . I have a pair of these in my hiking boots , two pair for each set of daily sneakers , and a pair that I move among my low high heels . For each pair , for the first wearing I placed the inserts one at a time in a pot of boiling water for 7 minutes each . -LRB- The water turns green from the dye but the bottoms of the orthotics do not melt . -RRB- When I take the insert out of the boiling water , I press it very briefly with an old towel -LRB- green dye - remember -RRB- to blot up the hot water and then immediately put it in the shoe , put the shoe on , and stand for about a minute , then walk around for about five minutes while the pad conforms to both my foot and my shoe . -LRB- This is roughly the same procedure , I followed in the doctor 's office as I was fitted for a $ 75.00 pair of orthotics there . -RRB- I have on the type of socks I will normally be wearing with each pair of shoes as I do this.Each insert softens just enough to adjust to my foot . It does not melt the insert . The insert is warm but not hot as I stand on it for the first time in my shoe . -LRB- I think the pad keeps the heat from transferring . -RRB- Funny enough , the green dye does not transfer to my socks then or later as I use these inserts.The pad on this insert keeps my feet comfortable when wearing my shoes throughout the day and evening . The inserts from my doctor 's office do not have any pad on top and bother my feet after 4 or 5 hours.I have been using these inserts for nearly a year . They help my feet feel good .
 I 've used custom made orthotics inserts for several years an spend hundreds of dollars but the never work good , them my doctor gave me a pair of this ortotics and they worked better than the $ 300 custom made and cost only $ 30 . Since Then I order 3 more pairs from Amazon . Very satisfied . Good quality and feel great , As always Amazon was excellent in the buying process and the shipping , Mario
 These arch supports have a hard bottom , but the curve in the middle of them -LRB- for the arch support -RRB- gives a little , so they give you a very comfortable & almost `` bouncy '' feel with each step . I have Plantar Fasciitis & these have done wonders to alleviate the pain . The only down side to them is that you ca n't cut them down to fit your shoe -LRB- because of the hard bottom -RRB- . They fit in my tennis shoes just fine , but are too wide for my dress shoes . Give them a try though . You will love them !
 these insoles were recommended by my doctor . They felt funny -LRB- walking with them in my shoes -RRB- at first but after a week not only did my feet feel better , so did my calves and knees ! Also an unexpected bonus that probable will not effect anyone else , I thought I was just becoming uncoordinated as I grew older . I was always having my feet roll on me and kind of trip me up on the smallest of incline or hole . these supports somehow prevent my feet/ankles from twisting or rolling . Who knew ! ... well I guess my doctor did .
 Worked fine for me . quiality as expected and arrived on time . Helped to reduce pain in my leg . Easily fit my size 11 and 1/2
 I have plantar fasciitis and these insoles have a good arch support and are comfortable to wear when I can find shoes that are deep enough . Unfortunately , with most of my shoes , these inserts are so thick that my feet pop out of the back of the shoe when I walk.Since buying these , I have discovered that the same item is made in a thin version , the Spenco Thinsole version , and I really love that one . But if you have walking shoes or athletic shoes , these will be great . I especially like the fact that they are not full length , so they leave some `` wiggle room '' for your toes .
 Great product , really helps align one 's ankles , knees , and hips . Definite recommendation for anyone with shin splints or overpronation .
 I love this type of item to take with you whenever travelling instead of the bottle of baby shampoo and the bottle of baby bath wash . The cloths do not spill and smell great too.My daughter loves using the cloth and washing her own belly and arms `` by self '' !!
 The product is great . It makes it so much easier to wash the baby . It soaps up nicely and stays soapy for the whole wash , then it rinses clean so you can use it to rinse the baby was well . It is very soft also , not at all scratchey.My problem was actually recieving it from Amazon . I ordered it on July 8th and it FINALLY shipped yesterday , August 10th !! I have not recieved it yet , but I expect to in the next couple of days . I was very dissatisfied with Amazon 's shipping speed . At the time I ordered it I was NOT told it was back-ordered or that shipping would be delayed . You would do better to buy it from a regualr store like Walmart .
 My cholesterol was over 400 and drugs could only bring it down to 297 . My doctor prescribed high doses of Lipitor , but this caused me to have headaches that would not go away . Other cholesterol drugs had similar -LRB- and worse effects -RRB- on me . Tests also showed early signs of liver disease -LRB- due to the medication -RRB- . Next , I went to a naturopath and he `` prescribed '' ProFibe and told me to buy it on Amazon.com . After taking ProFibe for two weeks , my cholesterol went down to 190 and now hovers around 180 . Since ProFibe is a food -LRB- made from citrus fiber and other natural ingredients -RRB- , it regulates cholesterol the way nature intended it to be regulated . Unlike cholesterol drugs , ProFibe will not destroy your liver.My favorite way to take ProFibe is to mix one level teaspoon with a high protein chocolate shake -LRB- Muscle Milk , Premier Protein , etc -RRB- three to four times a day . ProFibe comes with a scoop -LRB- equal to 2 teaspoons -RRB- , but I find that makes the beverage too grainy.How ProFibe works
 When I first used this product 5-6 years ago and after being on it for six months my total cholesterol went from 281 to 220 . Back then I bought the 44 serving size from a local health food store and paid about $ 22 - $ 23/canister , even after taking advantage of their in-store coupon . This time I bought my ProFibe through Amazon.Com / The Vitamin Shoppe the same size container for $ 13.66 . Guess you know where I 'm going to be making my future purchases.K.Emerson
 My husband and I have used this product and it has lowered our cholesterol levels for both of us .
 I have been using ProFibe for several years and find that it has a noticeably good effect on my cholesterol level - combining its use with Red Yeast Rice I have been able to consistently maintain a level at 200 or below .
 Profibe , the product I ordered , arrived quickly and is being used by my husband and myself . I 've used it before ; its wonderful for lowering cholesterol and cleaning out veins and arteries . Thanks for a really effective product .
 10/22/2009Triglyceride H 154Cholesterol H 231HDL L 28LDL Calc H 172Risk Ratio H 8.251 / 18/2010Triglyceride H 119Cholesterol H 196HDL L 25LDL Calc H 119Risk Ratio H 7.9 Above is my numbers from different dates . Some dietary changes , no changes in activity . Using Profibe .
 This works and it lowered my 64 year old mother 's cholorestrol by 50 points in a year ! I just started using it and my numbers went from 220 to 206 in a month .
 I started using two scoops a day of profibe around 2005 . One morning in 2007 when I looked in the mirror I noticedthe extensive fatty deposits on my eyelids , which began 25 years earlier , had disappeared . -LRB- They were called xanthelasma -RRB- I checked the medical literature . The regression of xanthelasma in a single patient , apparently due to a cholesterol lowerng drug , was the subject of a medical journal report . This supplement acts on cholesterol deposits in a unique and apparently not fully understood manner . It goes beyond simply lowering b lood cholesterol .
 The flavor is pretty bland , but when you use this product you will know you are getting plenty of fiber in your diet . I recomend it above all of the other fiber products I have tried .
 I just got my ProFibe through Amazon yesterday so I can only rate this at 4 . I am supposed to take three servings daily which are 10.4 grams each . I put 2.5 grams in my two cups of coffee this morning which became smooth without any odd flavor . I drink Fenugreek tea after my coffee and did the same to achieve my first 10.4 gram serving . There is only .5 grams of fat in every 10.4 grams of serving and is VERY soluble . I am going to start cooking with this too!Happy Holidays
 ProFibe has helped me with my cholesterol . It has gone from 270 to 216 . It is easy to use and tastes good with grapefruit juice .
 I am very pleased with this product because it accomplished what it said it would do .
 Very nice walker , light weight , folds up . Very easy to steer and seat is comfortable . Best buy
 Cellaplex has done a world of good for my knee problems . I need knee replacement surgery ; however , have been putting it off for as long as possible because I ca n't take time off from work . Prior to taking Cellaplex , I was taking another glucosamine/condroitin medication , along with Tramadol , but this seems to do the trick amazingly well . I 've even send a bottle to my brother in Seattle who has knee problems also ... I used to purchase this at Costco , but they stopped carrying it , so I was very glad to see that Amazon is carrying it so I can continue having a relatively pain-free day . As a note , I no longer have to wear the thigh-to-calve brace that my orthopedic doctor ordered for me ... Cellaplex has taken away the need for now .
 Puedo caminar y subir en bicicleta sin ningun problema con pocos dias de consumo . Mi perro tiene displasia de cadera , se lo di y puede caminar un poco mejor , ya compr&eacute; otros 3 tarros .
 This has helped my shoulder pain subside whenever I take the pills . I am taking the maximum dose and although I do not take them every day they work when I consume them . I have not found any joint pills that have helped me s much as these have !
 Cellaplex -LRB- 240 Cap - 2 Bottles -RRB- - Extra Strength Bone & Joint Support Formula w / CM8This product really works well for me , not just on my bad knee , but I feel an overall improvement in all my joints . I would recommend this product .
 Wow I can not believe that these pills has made me knee pain go away ! I have tried every product on the market and nothing has done what these pills have done . I took the maximum dose daily and by the third week my knee pain was gone . I am so excited !
 In January '07 I began having left hip joint pain . I could n't sleep on my left side and even during the day I felt it . It did n't stop me from walking or doing anything that I wanted to do , but it was annoying and troubling and it did n't go away . About June '07 I started taking Phosoplex regularly . Last month , February ' 08 , I noticed that my hip pain was gone . I do n't know exactly when it stopped hurting , but the pain is gone and I feel great .
 I believe that this product did give me a little relief from the terrible pain of osteo arthritis . I used it for a few months despite the high cost . Had to have a hip replaced anyway . . Too far gone .
 Thanks once again for the prompt delivery of my Phosoplex . I was worried that I would run out , as I waited too long to re-order , but as usual , it arrived within a couple of days ! Many thanks from a loyal client !
 I ordered this after measuring my leg and this itemruns larger . I would order one size smaller for a snug fit.This one slides down my leg .
 very comfortable support , at least compared to the elastic ones I 've tried . No seams to dig into you leg . I could n't find one of these where i live and tired many others that were not as comfortable . If you are very active like me , this brace should be comfortable and provide good support .
 I love this product I can carry sanitizer and my oil . It works great I use it every day and it holds on my body perfect .
 I will most likely look to purchase at least one more as a spare . Holds filled bottles well so it does n't sway when pumping lotion or oil .
 After doing massage for 15 years a good lotion holster is important . This one works well . I always have a spare because you never know when they will give out but that is the same with every brand .
 Very nicely constructed , and the service from the seller was truly rare in it 's excellence and personally professionaly touch.The zafu was a tiny bit smaller than I expected , but it was exactly what it should have been . It was my expectation that was off . Great item .
 I do n't have my own testing lab , of course , but I bought this on the strength of some Consumer Labs testing showing that it 's one of the brands known to contain the advertised active ingredient -- quite a lot of it , in fact . ... and some of the other brands tested had bonus lead added to the supplement . I had n't realized that was an option ...
 This is the second time I 've purchased these gloves . They are much nicer than latex ones as they are oil and solvent-resistant , and thus better for working on the car , painting , etc. . I wear them all the time whenever I 'm doing a job that would make my hands hard to clean .
 Have been using this same brand at work and needed some for around the house and for my personal medical kit . Really good brand , does not tear or break very often , easy to put on even when my hands are slightly sweaty , and they are sized appropriately . Would recommend for people in the medical field .
 I buy one box every time when I buy something from Amazon but can not make it to the $ 25 free shipping limit.No smell , very sturdy . Get the large or X-large size
 I 've been searching to find a nutritious protein bar for a couple of months now and it 's nearly impossible to find anything that has a good ratio of fat and sugar to protein . All you can buy now are `` lo carb '' bars with a ton of fat in them . I was n't even too concerned about taste , just so long as I could choke it down . Then I saw a NuGo bar in the impulse-buy section of our supermarket . When I read the label I almost shrieked with joy ! 19g of protein but only 2.5 g of fat !! Plus low in sugar and carbs and a low glycemic index to boot . I bought a few to try out and the darn things taste good too ! No choking this bar down . I look forward to eating them . You really wo n't find a better protein bar out there folks , believe me . Whether you 're a low-fatty or a low-carby , this bar will appeal to everyone .
 I ordered this after measuring my leg and this itemruns larger . I would order one size smaller for a snug fit.This one slides down my leg .
 very comfortable support , at least compared to the elastic ones I 've tried . No seams to dig into you leg . I could n't find one of these where i live and tired many others that were not as comfortable . If you are very active like me , this brace should be comfortable and provide good support .
 Dr. Andrew Weil recommended this herb as one of a few proven effective herbs . He was right on for me . This is my second ragweed season with Stinging Nettle . I am very satisfied . I use it with Quercetin to essentially eliminate ragweed season as a concern .
 We live in the country with hundreds of acres of farms that produce hay and have thousands of blooming trees and flowers . In the springtime , our vehicles are coated with the yellow powder of pollination . I 've found taking one stinging nettle in the morning and again at night has almost alleviated my reaction to the pollen . When the pollen count is at high season , I increase the dosage .
 I have had to use a cane for the last five years . I have had three to date and this one is the best .
 I enjoy the capability of folding the cane and placeing it in a bag to take with me when i go places . It is sturdy and easy to handle.I recommended it to my sister-in-law who was going on a trip and she needed a little extra support after knee surgery . She also bought one and says it is perfect for her traveling when she needs it .
 This cane is excellent ! For the price , it is a very stable cane . Wide tip the feels like it could n't slip . Comfortable grip . Adjusted easily for my hieght . The segments do n't lock together in use making the folding feature much easier to use .
 Bought this for my wife a few years ago and since then we 've brought it to over a dozen countries and states as its ability to fold and fit in a carry on or small bag make this cane very utilitarian . It 's sturdy , well constructed and offers a wide variety of replaceable handles to suit needs .
 This bronze colored metal cane is infinitely lightweight and yet , very , very sturdy ! It is not flashy , very subdued in color . A 300 lb . individual would have no problem using it without worry . Folds easily -LRB- case provided -RRB- and open in an instant and locks open when required beautifully . A winner !
 Attractive alternative to the standard-issue grey-handled aluminum model . Sturdy and has additional handles if you want to vary your disability . I recommend buying at least the handle with the padded grip for comfort .
 This cane is great . I love how I can easily fold it up at restraunts and it is not in the way . I is sturdy and nice to look at .
 This little Waterpik does a great job ! It has enough pressure -LRB- it is adjustable -RRB- to do what I wanted it to do . I just had nasal surgery and have an attachment given to me from my ENT . I use this Waterpik to flush my sinuses with saline and prevent scar tissue . The reservoir has just the right capasity to do both sides of my nostrils ; easy to work , easy to clean . If you use it for teeth -LRB- which I have n't -RRB- , this size would work just fine for one person at a time .
 Perfect . Bought it for my Mom . She was also pleased , very nice product and excellent price . Would highly recommend it .
 In the years of youth the human body abundantly produces a special water-gelling molecule called HA that is largely responsible for producing these visible signs of youthfulness . That is because HA , a key component of collagen , is the body 's natural `` space-filling '' molecule ... ~ Bill Sardi , researcher and authorAfter using a Hyaluronic Acid face cream by Derma E on a daily basis , I took a second look in the mirror and my skin was literally `` plumper '' as if it was more hydrated and healthy.I have also started buying the Solaray Hyaluronic Acid as a dietary supplement after reading about people in Japan who eat a sticky gelatinous root vegetable instead of rice have smooth skin , flexible joints and full heads of hair even when they are quite old . Researchers have finally concluded that they have unusually high levels of hyaluronic acid in their bodies.Each capsule contains 20 mg of Hyaluronic Acid and 50 mg of Vitamin C -LRB- as ascorbic acid -RRB- . These are `` enteric coated '' capsules so they survive the stomach.Also look for Pycnogenol and the All One Protein Powders , especially the Antioxidant blend.You might also want to look for the Derma E products : Microdermabrasion Scrub - Salon Quality exfoliation right in your own home!Astazanthin and Pycnogenol Age-Defying Moisturizing Cr&egrave;me ~ The Rebecca Review
 In the years of youth the human body abundantly produces a special water-gelling molecule called HA that is largely responsible for producing these visible signs of youthfulness . That is because HA , a key component of collagen , is the body 's natural `` space-filling '' molecule ... ~ Bill Sardi , researcher and authorAfter using a Hyaluronic Acid face cream by Derma E on a daily basis , I took a second look in the mirror and my skin was literally `` plumper '' as if it was more hydrated and healthy.I have also started buying the Solaray Hyaluronic Acid as a dietary supplement after reading about people in Japan who eat a sticky gelatinous root vegetable instead of rice have smooth skin , flexible joints and full heads of hair even when they are quite old . Researchers have finally concluded that they have unusually high levels of hyaluronic acid in their bodies.Also look for Pycnogenol and the All One Protein Powders , especially the Antioxidant blend.You might also want to look for the Derma E products : Microdermabrasion Scrub - Salon Quality exfoliation right in your own home!Astazanthin and Pycnogenol Age-Defying Moisturizing Cr&egrave;meCracked Skin Relief Cr&egrave;meVanilla Bean Cleansing MousseTea Tree & E Antiseptic Cr&egrave;me ~ The Rebecca ReviewP.S . Drinking Aloe Vera Juice also seems to make your skin softer and you can mix it into a variety of fruit juices . The taste becomes very mild after about two weeks . I actually have grown rather fond of the taste of Aloe Vera after seeing great results .
 In the years of youth the human body abundantly produces a special water-gelling molecule called HA that is largely responsible for producing these visible signs of youthfulness . That is because HA , a key component of collagen , is the body 's natural `` space-filling '' molecule ... ~ Bill Sardi , researcher and authorAfter using a Hyaluronic Acid face cream by Derma E on a daily basis , I took a second look in the mirror and my skin was literally `` plumper '' as if it was more hydrated and healthy.I have also started buying the Solaray Hyaluronic Acid as a dietary supplement after reading about people in Japan who eat a sticky gelatinous root vegetable instead of rice have smooth skin , flexible joints and full heads of hair even when they are quite old . Researchers have finally concluded that they have unusually high levels of hyaluronic acid in their bodies.Also look for Pycnogenol and the All One Protein Powders , especially the Antioxidant blend.You might also want to look for the Derma E products : Microdermabrasion Scrub - Salon Quality exfoliation right in your own home!Astazanthin and Pycnogenol Age-Defying Moisturizing Cr&egrave;meCracked Skin Relief Cr&egrave;meVanilla Bean Cleansing MousseTea Tree & E Antiseptic Cr&egrave;meEach capsule contains 20 mg of Hyaluronic Acid and 50 mg of Vitamin C -LRB- as ascorbic acid -RRB- . These are `` enteric coated '' capsules so they survive the stomach.I love how my skin looks when I take this product . I alsofeel younger and my entire body is looking younger . I do n'tthink I will ever allow myself to run out of this supplement.If you are into antiaging , also look for ALL ONE FRUIT Antioxidant Formula . It will amaze ! ~ The Rebecca ReviewP.S . Drinking Aloe Vera Juice also seems to make your skin softer and you can mix it into a variety of fruit juices . The taste becomes very mild after about two weeks . I actually have grown rather fond of the taste of Aloe Vera after seeing great results .
 i am a mechanic and like these gloves because they dont tear easy and they actually have a small size!Microflex SU690S Supreno SE Powder Free Nitrile Glove Size Small , 100 Box
 I have an allergy to a product I work with and these are the only gloves that are thick enough to keep me from having a reaction . I can take them off and wear them again because they are thick and do n't tear easily . They fit good too .
 I have been buying these gloves routinely for years - I work as a consultant for automotive dealerships and wear them while inspecting service departments and body shops . They are more durable than others I have tried , easily last for a couple of hours , and give me the confidence that I am keeping nasty chemicals off my hands -LRB- check your Material Safety Data Sheets to ensure you are selecting the right gloves for the job ! -RRB- . Occasionally , I can even get them off and on again for re-use , albeit it can be a little tricky . The purplish color is a bit odd , but since I 'm a girl I can get away with it . : -RRB- Since most of my glove-wearing constitutes picking up a chemical bottle and examining it or digging a not-quite-empty paint can out of the trash , I have n't put them through constant rigorous work . I do , however , wear them for personal automotive maintenance jobs -LRB- e.g. oil changes , coolant flushes -RRB- and they hold up well through these tasks . One pair has always lasted the entire job.In my opinion , gloves are a personal choice , and you should keep trying until you find ones you like . Since I work around automotive technicians every day , I can verify that no one brand of glove will make everyone happy . This brand makes me happy !
 With an ill family member , we tried every glove out there -- we had caregivers in the house who all agreed these are the best glove we bought . The various size options are wonderful . No smell , no residue , best feel , and best fit .
 Works within minutes to releave pms symptoms . I have given them to my niece and she loves them also . I would not be without them EVER !!!!!!
 This tape is works well for its intended use , binding muscles or tendons as with an Ace bandage.It is also handy over a wound dressing , over sterile tape , as its ability to stretch with the skin helps it to adhere well , so long as its lengthwise stretch direction is aligned with the direction of skin stretch.A downside is that it sticks so well that it can be hard to get the adhesive residue off the skin . It will come off with rubbing alchohol and/or mineral oil , though , with some scrubbing .
 I am a gymnast with achilles tendinitis , and I love this tape because it practically gives me a new achiles
 I picked up some of this Spice Island after shave at a one of those warehouse outlets last Christmas . I actually tried it for it was so cheap compared to so many of the other mens scents there . I was pleasantly surprised when I tried it how strong it was , and how long it lasted . It was still noticeably fragrant on me hours after I used it . The `` spice island '' as they call it is actually a form of bay rum , an old fashioned but still common after shave that comes in a lot of formulas . But this particular lotion is a bit stronger and a little different than your average bay rum . A spicier version that is really nice . This after shave is well worth the price either for yourself , or would make a nice gift for some man in your life that likes this sort of thing . The bottle , the scent , and the strength in my opinion makes this after shave a real bargain that anyone not familiar with it would think cost much more . I like it and recommend it here on Amazon ...
 My first purchase of a Bay Rum aftershave . This one is very light with just a subtle smell of spice more than rum . Does not sting and goes on very smooth and cool . Can tell there is some moisturizing effect due to the witch hazel . All organic ingredients and is Vegan with no animal testing . Produced in Tampa Florida . Overall a good light aftershave for daily use . Scent actually lasts a long time at least four hours or so which is quite good for an aftershave .
 This is an excellent choice for the average guy . I am in my late 20 's , working , living a regular active lifestyle . I will not vouch for the hardcore fitness guy , because that is not me . Through the years I have bought other brands of deodorant when on sale -LRB- ie . Right Guard , Mitchum , Old Spice , Sure -RRB- , and have found myself always going back to Degree -LRB- others become back-up -RRB- . The other brands that I have used can be somewhat comparable . Mitchum works alright , but it has much less deodorant and is more expensive . Old Spice also is a contender , but the smell is a little strong and its cross brands are not always consistent with one another . Overall , Degree is an excellent choice for the average guy who needs a quality , non-budget breaking deodorant.Update ; I tried the `` Ion Technology '' Degree and it was awful , stick with the regular Degree.Degree for Men Deodorant With Silver Ion Technology , Cool Impact , 3-Ounce Packages -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- Pros : - Budget priced-Bigger stick than more expensive brands -LRB- ie . Mitchum -RRB- - Not an overwhelming perfume smell-Never a problem with wetness-No white residueCon : - Sometimes cheaper at drug store
 This was really helpful . My husband is deployed , sending him large quantities to last him months at a time can be expensive . This was really affordable .
 I 'm a bit picky about the antiperspirant I use , and have tried a bunch of them . Degree is the best I 've found.This stuff keeps me from sweating , smells great , goes on easy , and does n't seem to flake much . My girlfriend forbids me from switching to another product because she likes the way this smells.I 'm withholding one star because the design does seem to have one flaw
 Workks well smells good , helps to decrease sweating . Very good value in the multipack much cheaper than bus or target .
 Good deodorant for the money . It does what it should and keeps odors and moisture away all day without issue . Even though it says &#34; clear , &#34; it actually is a white stick . I definitely recommend wearing an undershirt if you use this product.I snagged the six pack Amazon had on sale for $ 7 - Great deal ! I always stock up when I see this on sale .
 This Degree Men 's Body Responsive Antiperspirant & Deodorant is the product I was looking for .
 I 've used Degree deodorant for a long time and like the Clean scent . I work in manufacturing and it works all night long . I 'm not a fan of the big scents of Old Spice and Speed Stick . I think Degree is the best anti-perspirant/deodorant on the market and it 's not too expensive .
 I always had problems getting this scent from my local store . I loved that it was available on Amazon .
 This is the only deodorant that my husband can use , it is great !! No more wet shirts !!
 It is effective and works . j&oacute; j&oacute; j&oacute; j&oacute; j&oacute; j&oacute; j&oacute; j&oacute; j&oacute; j&oacute; j&oacute; j&oacute; j&oacute; j &oacute; j &oacute;
 This product keeps me clean , dry and smelling like I just stepped out of the shower .
 This is my go-to product as soon as I get the sniffles . Knocks the sickness right out , or greatly reduces the number of days I feel sick for . I also give it to my 4 year old with the same result.Can ' t beat the price on Amazon . At least twice this price in stores !
 It has been one of the best products I have ever used for the prevention and/or the reduction of time with a cold or flu . Just take as directed at the first sign of symptoms . Easy to carry , great tasting . No drama , like shooting stuff up your nose , like it may occur with other homeopathic medicines . Try it , you 'll like it !
 As they recommend , take one at the first symptoms of cold and then another one - after 6 hours . It does work - even if you get sick , it only lasts a day while the others in the office sneeze and cough for a week . Price seems a little steep at first , but prospective changes once you realize that you do n't have to spend money on cold medicine and you do n't feel as beat up .
 Great product recommended by our pediatrician for the whole family even for my 2yr old . I have noticed it has shorten our flu sick days from 5 days to 2 days if taken right away , along with my other vitamins . I was never into any kind of homeopathic stuff until our ped told us about it . She 's a great doctor and love that she will not push meds right away unless NEEDED . Arrived fast and this big box size is great for the whole family . I have no complaints will order again .
 This product is awesome , but should definitely be taken at the first sign of a bug , also much better price than that of whole foods , which is where I usually get it .
 This is a great price for this product , if you buy them locally they are much more costly . I always keep these at home because they really do a great job of keeping the flu away !
 I am not able to take many other `` preventative '' supplements due to allergies and I was so relieved to find Oscillococcinum ! I use it whenever I feel a cold or flu coming on and it always helps me avoid being overtaken by the virus ! I LOVE this product !
 This is a great product . It is easy to take -LRB- kids love it -RRB- and it works as long as you take it at the beginning of flu symptoms -LRB- chills , fever , aches -RRB- . It has even worked for me when I start getting cold symptoms . Definitely a great alternative to flu shots , and cold medications .
 I got some of this for free at a medical fair . I have been taking it as soon as you start to get that `` sick '' feeling . and it works . I dont know what is in it but It kills the symptoms the day you take it . This will work after you are already sick too but just takes longer for it to work but it cuts the days of your sickness down . And there is no nasty taste . Its like chewing on candy sprinkles . I would stock pile this up if you have kids.Ive been using this for Years now . . It is the best thing to take if you are starting to get sick . I havent been sick in years . You can also get the store brand versions at CVS stores .
 good stuff -- just tends to be expensive in the homeopathic range as most homeopathic remedies can be had as single remedies available in really good quantities at really good prices -- and -- it 's good stuff !
 As a teacher of young children , I am always being exposed to `` coodies '' , so this really helps to keep bugs at bay . If you take it when you first start to feel rundown , it seems to be the mst effective . I know it 's a bit pricey , but this is the best deal out there . I would rather take a few doses of this than other medications . It 's the best !
 It works . When I feel that all-too-familiar ache or fever of the flu coming on , I use a dose of this productand continue the next day to ward off more symptoms . The price is the best this researcher has found to date .
 Either this works or it 's the most effective placebo on the market . I think it helps to use it at the first sign of cold symptoms . Now , mind you , this works for the average cold virus . When it comes to real influenza , a much more dangerous virus , get a flu shot .
 Homeopathics do n't work for everyone , but if I take a full three-tube dose of Oscillo when I feel a cold coming on , I do n't get the cold .
 If you 're looking at this , you know about what this product does . It really works . Take a full dose -LRB- 3 vials , about 5-6 hours apart -RRB- when I start feeling sick with sore throat , fever , sinus nasal drip or runny nose , and it always cuts the cold short . I 'll get the same thing as others in my family and when I take this , I always get over it faster . Not a gimmick , this stuff works .
 I have struggled off and on with sniffles and flu symptoms since I had my son 4 years ago . And , I would often have to stay home from work at least once per month nursing the body aches , sore throat , headache , and general discomfort . I was starting to think nothing would work . However , I swear by this stuff now.I tried this product a year ago when I was pregnant with my daughter . I was extremely disappointed because I thought it did n't work . Well , that 's because I took it for a viral infection well after the onset of the bug.A few months later , my husband and I had sore throats and we both took a few doses of these immediately at the onset of the flu symptoms . Honestly , it worked so well that we were well but both of our little ones were sick . This never happens . Anyone with children knows that if the kids are sick , the whole household gets sick.I tend work myself really hard which only perpetuates sickness . And now , with two little ones , I do n't take care of myself like I should . But , since I have gotten these , I do n't get sick anymore . Period . I might have a sore throat for a day but it never gets beyond that because I take these at the onset . No more sneezing and coughing or sniffles . I keep them in my purse and take them as needed . Which is n't very often . But , I have only taken one sick day this year as opposed to previously when I would take at least one per month.I would totally recommend this product to anyone who struggles with frequent sniffles and flu-like symptoms like I used to . I have been able to take them while nursing my daughter with no impact to her since they are homeopathic . There are no drowsy side effects . And , I actually feel more energetic after I take them . And , I get the flu-shot every year but a friend of mine who is a licensed doctor never gets the flu shot and only takes these . This price is the cheapest I have found . Its a great buy.Get the industrial size since you 'll want to have them on hand immediately .
 My husband and I both use this product a lot . It works great when you first begin to feel like your getting the flu . Take about 6-9 tubes as directed and they 'll knock the flu right out .
 We have been using this for three years during flu season , and though our Licensed Homeopath believes in the classical delivery of remedies , we have found the French have indeed been using a very effective remedy for years . Being aware of your body , and its first signs of a sniffle , sore throat , clogged ear this remedy helps get you combat and heal from within . NOTE
 This is the most dependable non-Rx flu remedy on the market . I 've been using it for years . I really feel that it lessens the flu symptoms . With so many immigrants and so many different strains of flu coming in , and with doctors reluctant to give you antibiotics until you have full blown bronchitis or pneumonia , you have to be proactive and take action at the first sign of the flu . I use many Boiron products for a variety of other symptoms - always useful , always natural
 Works great when I start to get a sore throat or other viral infection . Even my sceptical husband admitted that it helped him , & that 's saying a lot ! I give it to my kids , too , when they start getting sick . Sure cuts down on school & work days missed ! This came recommended by my primary care physician.Another great remedy & immune-system booster you might want to try is Super Lysine + . That my chiropractor recommended.Be well !
 My doctor suggested that I take Oscillococcinum once a week to build my immune system . I 've been doing that and it seems to be working . I take one tube every Sunday and when I fly or am around someone who is sick . The instructions on the box do n't say it , but I understand that when you take homeopathic remedies , you should not eat or drink anything for 15 minutes before and after letting the pellets dissolve under your tongue .
 I use osciloccocinum during the winter months for me and my daughter.This deal is very good so I can have it for a long time and on a good price .
 It works well for us if we use it early enough but not too early . Also if the bug is not a really bad one and if it is repeated as they recomend , 3 times in the 1st 24 hours .
 I ca n't explain how Oscillococcinum works , but it does . I 'm a nurse and I do n't usually use homeopathic products - because I ca n't explain them scientifically ! - however , when the bird flu scare hit and was at it 's worst , I stumbled upon a book about the Spanish Flu pandemic in 1918 -LRB- could be off a bit on the date -RRB- and how only 5 % of people treated by homeopathic doctors died whereas well over 60 % of others died . The book is called `` The Homeopathic Treatment of Influenza '' with `` special bird flu edition '' by Sandra J. Perko , Ph.D. , C.C.N. . The book goes over what homeopathic remedies were used by homeopathic doctors with the patients who had the Spanish Flu - and also has a huge section where you can look for specific symptoms and then the homeopathic remedies that would help those symptoms . In any case , Oscillococcinum was one of the remedies that was used . I also buy another product - Hyland 's Flu . It 's for children but I use it for me . Between these two products - the Oscillococcinum and the Hyland 's Flu - all of the remedies which the homeopathic doctors used for their Spanish Flu patients are included . I have been taking both for many years now - start taking at the first signs of a cold or when someone close to me starts getting sick - and I have been able to either not get sick or it only lasts a day or two and is much milder . Again , I do n't know how they work but I am sold on both products .
 I understand this product may not be for everyone , but it works very well for me . How do I know ? I have used this successfully for myself & my children to avoid the flu for years . When I did n't realize my youngest -LRB- 5 -RRB- at the time had the flu-even tested positively-I began giving this to her right away , one dose every 6 hours & she recovered very quickly . I thought she had an ear infection . Now , I just give it whenever any one of them or I begin to get a cold , etc. . I LOVE it . I always keep a few boxes . I do not get the flu shot . I hope it works for your family !
 I believe this stuff works , I can avoid the flu that everyone else gets if I use this . Well worth it and a great price here versus the stores too .
 i 've been using oscillococcinum for roughly 8 yrs . my sister in law who was anti homeopathic finally caved and was so impressed that she swears by it until this day and gives it to her family as well.i give it to my children as well . great natural medicine to battle those nasty symptoms .
 This stuff really works and the price was the best I have found to date . I just wish I could pronounce the darn thing !
 I 've been using Oscillococcinum for years and swear by it . You have to take it at the very first hint of a symptom of cold/flu and take all three doses . I was very glad to find this 30 dose pack . I have some in my purse , some in the den and some in the bedroom so I always have it handy .
 This may not work for everyone but it sure works for me and my granddaughter in college.At the first sign of a cold , itchy throat , excessive sneezing , etc we begin to take Oscillo . as directed and the cold/flu never takes hold . I try to never be without the product .
 I have used this for years . It is readily available in Europe as well ... so eveyone every where knows how great it is . If I feel &#34; punk &#34; or actullay know I 've go a flu I just take a tasty , tasty &#34; Osco &#34; and I 'm back to feeling like a picture of health . I am never without this in my medicine cabinet . You ca n't beat the Amazon price .
 I like the size of the packaging . I have used this product for years and recommend it all the time .
 Oscillococcinum is the reason I do n't get sick . Anytime I feel under the weather or before taking a plane -LRB- where getting sick is common -RRB- , I take a dose right away -LRB- I always have some in my purse -RRB- and it goes away quite quickly . If I do n't take it right away , I need to take a dose every couple of hours and it works too . I LOVE this 100 % natural product from France .
 I know this item very long time , and I know it works . I was happy when I found this package , because it is really economically . So now I 'm sure it is enough and profitable for my family .
 I start taking Oscillococcinum whenever I have been around sick people . I was able to keep working while others missed days of work . Sometimes I had mild symtoms , but never full-blown . I love this product . They say chicken soup has an ingredient to heal . This product , to me , is a highly concentrated version of that ; only it 's made from the muscovy duck .
 This stuff works very well . When I feel a cold coming on , I start taking it . After about an hour I feel much better . It does n't get rid of my symptoms completely , but more like 80 % . It 's awesome.The only downside is it tends to be expensive -LRB- unless you buy online ! -RRB- . I might take 3 or 4 doses a day for a few days.The best part about it is that it is non-drug . It 's definitely much better for you than any drug-based medicine .
 I like to have this on hand . Recently my son called me from college and said he was getting really sick , so I told him to start taking this stuff . Within 6 hours he was feeling much better , and after 12 hours was completely recovered from his viral illness . It 's important to start this right when you are feeling those familiar viral illness symptoms . You will get back on your feet much sooner and your symptoms will be milder .
 I was septical when my doctor recommended this product however when i first took it i felt instantly better & was amazed . Its so hard to give any kind of cold medicine to your kids -LRB- especially mine -RRB- they both have special needs and i had no problem giving them this medicine because it has no yucky taste to it . I now tell everyone i know how great this product is on the flu .
 This is a great product FOR ME . It 's worked over the years for me and I will continue to use it . I keep a supply at home , work and in the car .
 I ca n't say how this would work for everyone , but this definitely works for us ! I try to keep this on hand , particularly in cold and flu season . Anytime one of us starts to feel the least little bit of symptoms , I give them a dose , followed up before bed time with another dose . If we catch it soon enough , that seems to take care of it for us without having to take any more . For those times when we catch it too late , I think this stuff does work to minimize the symptoms and shorten the duration of the illness . My children love the taste and find the tiny containers fun . They say it is the best part of getting sick . There are no side affects , and I have recommmended it many times to our friends . This particular box is a very good deal !
 My family and I work with the public everyday and we have been using oscillococcinum since the flu outbreak of 2012/2013 . With all the hacking , sniffling , and body aches coming through our door , we are convinced that our healthy habits and this product aided us in keeping our immune system working to fight-off all the germs coming our way ! I will purchase again and recommend others do as well .
 I feel this product greatly relieved the severity of a cold/flu which was beginning to appear while I was celebrating the holiday season and I was afraid it would really present problems .
 I 've used this product for years and highly recommend it for everyone who prefers natural rather than chemical filled remedies for a cold or sinus problem . Whenever I feel a cold or flu-like symptom coming on I use this in conjunction with Esberitox and am usually able to totally prevent actually getting sick !
 great stuff first sign of cold or flu start using it works to shorten the time you would be down .
 This is a terrific staple for cold and flu season . Was extremely happy with price . Shipping a little slow , but it was free , so I wo n't complain ! Glad to have found seller .
 Fast shipment , great pricing comparing to markets . The most effective flu relief medicine i have ever used . Yes , i recommend this product
 Love this product . And so does everyone else I have referred it to . Seems to make you feel better immediately . And it tastes great , one hurdle that I do n't have to jump to make my kids take it !
 Like everyone else , I do n't know how this stuff works but I can be incredibly achy and feeling like I am going to be sick for days , start taking this and be on my feet ready to go the next day . Have not had a full blown case of the flu in years .
 Best invention since aspiran ... use it every time i feel a little run down or like a cold is coming on .
 This battery shoots and shoots and shoots ! I used it for ten days of faily heavy shooting and it was up to the challenge . It 's much , much better than buying alkaline batteries .
 Excelent Battery ! I recommend it for all Olympus SLR Digital Cameras . I am using it on my E300 and you can take a lot of pictures in one day . I have 2 batteries because of outdoors shoots and this is really enough .
 When I bought my Evolt E-500 it came with a genuine Olympus battery , and I bought a knockoff to use as a hot spare . Admittedly they are new and performance will degrade over time , but in identical conditions the genuine Olympus lasts up to 500 pictures and the knockoff barely 300 . I bought a second Olympus battery and have more confidence going out into the field .
 This is a battery I use in my E-Volt 500 . I 've been impressed that I 've never needed to change it in mid-session . What more is there to say ? It 's a battery that 's reliable and does the job well .
 I knew that I would need a backup battery for my Olympus E500 . This is identical to the battery supplied with the camera . I wanted to use an Olympus battery after reading some BAD reviews of knockoff replacements . The battery seems to have plenty of reserve power even though the E500 has a full color display that does all functions instead of the 2 displays that most dSLR have -LRB- one usually is a low power LCD display for exposure settings -RRB- . I only have long term experience with NiMH batteries with a point-n-shoot so I really ca n't make a final review of the longevity of Lithium-Ion batteries . Laptops seem to lose holding power over time . So far I 'm happy , but if something goes bad , I 'll update my reviewHere is an update -LRB- 10/05/08 -RRB- , I upgraded to a Olympus E3 which uses the same battery . No problems ! I 'm very happy with the longevity of the battery . It may be my imagination but it seems that the E3 is a bit more efficient on battery power which is confusing because it has both the color and a monochrome LCD display .
 A trip to Europe requires a backup battery ; so I purchased this as I did n't want to run out of battery in the middle of the day ... Between my original battery and this `` back up '' I took over 1200 pictures and that required a recharge of each battery once on an 18 day trip . One might say `` not bad '' as a matter of fact it is outstanding as I did n't always remember to turn the camera off between locations and or shots .
 I purchased two secondary brand batteries for my Olympus C5060 camera . The price was very good and I thought I was getting a good deal . These batteries lasted one month and then started to indicate low battery after two shots.I have purchased an Olympus BLM-01 and I am getting very good performance.Beware sometimes the deal that looks too good to be true usually is n't
 I was pleasantly surprised how long this battery lasts . I bought a second one for backup just in case I needed it during a wedding shoot . I never had to use the second battery and that 's after taking over 1200 pics for 8 1/2 hours . Great product as far as I 'm concerned .
 There are much cheaper alternatives even with higher energy capacity , but according to reports this one is more reliable , including in extremely cold weather . Nicely built and packaged , exactly as the one included in the camera .
 Works the way a battery is supposed to . Lots of power - charges quickly - and does n't gain a memory -LRB- or does n't seem to anyhow -RRB- . I use it in my Evolt 510 .
 This fits my Olympus EVOLT E500 perfectly . Much cheaper here then anywhere else . Quality is perfect and charges last just as long as factory one that came with camera .
 Works perfectly with my camera and I love having an extra battery . A must have for anyone who loves to take lots of pictures , especially if the camera gets left on by accident frequently as it does in my family .
 Items deilivered very fast -LRB- 3 days instead of 5 to 9 days as stated -RRB-
 This battery is identical to the one shipped with my E-520 and lasts just as long . I have three batteries -LRB- two Olympus , one Digipower -RRB- and can see no discernible differences in their durability -- all have quite a lot of stamina , 800 photos or more .
 I ordered this battery in May of 2007 from Amazon.com . I have been using it ever since . Recently , Amazon asked me to review this product and it is my pleasure to do so . First of all , it 's a nice battery , and it comes in original Olympus packaging , unlike the cheap Chinese imitations which tend to explode , killing the operator . It also comes with a very detailed and hefty manual -LRB- for a battery -RRB- . I did n't read the manual , mostly because I ca n't even begin to imagine why I would need to , but it must say a lot , I 'm sure . Because the battery is genuine Olympus , you can expect that it will fit the camera perfectly , and it does ! It slips right in , and then clicks with a satisfying ` click ' . Once in , it supplies power to the camera until it is depleted . At that point , you have to remove the battery and charge it . Be sure you have a charger , otherwise it will be nearly impossible to charge it.Overall , this is an excellent battery in beautiful Olympus packaging and an incredibly thorough and detailed manual -LRB- I 'm assuming -RRB- .
 I bought this battery a couple years ago & it still recharges just like new . Nothing like my energizer rechargables ! lol
 The knock-off replacement batteries just do n't hold as much power . Go for the real deal `` Olympus '' batteries and you will be pleased .
 This battery work fine with my E-510 , I tried an after market battery and it did n't perform like the original . I highly recommend the BLM-01 .
 It 's a genuine Olympus battery for close to half its list price . I got good prompt service , even with USPS . A good deal ! Always keep a spare one charged up !
 This Olympus BLM-01 Lithium-ion Rechargeable Battery is used with our Olympus E3 digital SLR camera . The battery works very well , charges and holds as promised , and is reasonably priced . For even better results , use with the Olympus battery chamber for double power .
 Everybody needs a backup battery , because you will never know when you might run out of power . Buying a genuine Olympus product gives a peace of mind .
 More or less what is expected from a battery from the manufacturer . Works and recharges well so far , and take a ton of pictures with my E-510 . No real complaints other than it being a little costly , but it 's the price you 'll pay for quality .
 This battery has never stopped working for me . I can shoot and shoot and shoot and never have to swap batteries unless I just want to . It charges up fast and cool . Stays charged for what seems like forever , stays charged for what seems life forever . A perfect add on to my E510
 Yep , it 's a battery and it provides good power to my camera . Other than giving them away , ca n't expect anything more .
 I feel more comfortable getting the real Olympus battery . It is not worth saving a few bucks and buying off brand , and run the risk of having a battery leak or something and wreck you digital SLR camera .
 The battery is great and it 's pretty nice to own two of these , so when one batteryis discharged I can just pop in the spare.It was in stock and delivered to me in a reasonable amount of time .
 Have a spare battery on hand all the time . It 's good advise and this battery is what I use for my E-Volt 500 . It always is there when I need it .
 I take 20,000 + pictures per year , so I go through a lot of batteries . I bought a `` longer lasting '' knock off as a second battery for my C8080 in 2004 . It was slightly higher capacity but failed after < 2 years . After that I bought a second Olympus BLM-01 , and have n't regretted it . On the C-8080 I consistently got 400 + pictures per charge while using the LCD , and 650 + using the viewfinder only . I now have an E-510 , and on my first outing I started with my now 4 year old 40,000 + shot BLM-01 from the C-8080 . I took over 1000 photos before needing a battery change , including several sessions where the camera was on for several hours -LRB- the e-510 has good power save settings -RRB- . This is a long lasting , very reliable battery and I 'm glad Olympus is still using it .
 I have an Olympus E510 , and I prefer to use accessories specifically made for the camera I have . This purchase will allow me to have an additional -LRB- backup -RRB- battery , something I think is very important . This battery comes in the original Olympus package , assuring that it is new and authentic . And it would be very hard to find a better price anywhere else and still have the assurance you will get what you actually ordered .
 Even though the battery lasts a long time -LRB- 500-600 photos -RRB- a spare is a must on a long outing . If you want to keep shooting , download , view pics get a 2nd battery .
 A good reliable battery . Always use the battery from the original manufacture of the camera -LRB- Olympus -RRB- . They last longer ! I wish they had a Compact quick charger for these batterys . They are a little hard to come by locally . Do n't buy clones !
 This battery holds a charge for a long time . I have not been caught wanting to take pictures and had the battery die on me .
 Fun outfit for a family surprise . We ordered at the last minute and hoped the next day air would work - and it did !
 This product was exactly as I expected it to be . I charged it and used it in my camera to take photos in France .
 When the battery arrived , I placed it in my Camedia C5060 camera . No power available . OK - into the battery charger . The battery charger has a red light for charging and a green light for charged . When I put the battery into the charger the red light came on . Several hours later , the red light was still on . This concerned me because my old battery only took a couple of hours to charge up and bring on the green light . I removed the battery from the charger and put it into my camera again . The camera turned on normally so I knew that the battery was getting some benefit from the battery charger . I returned the battery to the charger and went to bed . The next morning the battery charger 's green light was on - indicating that the battery was fully charged . At this time I have not tested the battery with the camera beyond a few test shots .
 I 'm glad after almost 2 months , I finally received the battery ... Amazon was great in taking care of responding to my concerns ... I would never go thru this seller again ... . ever ... the battery it 's self is great ... on one charge I took between 700-800 pics and was using my flash the whole time , since it was at night ... . that is great ... which means I could go a long ways , maybe days -LRB- not using flash -RRB- on one battery ... I have since obtained another Olympus battery ... I have tried buying a couple of the non-Olympus BLM batteries ... they do not last very long , and are only good for backup ... I would stay away from them ... Olympus is the only way to go ... I learned the hard way ... as a photographer I need great batteries ...
 My camera is going on 8 years old -LRB- olympus C8080 -RRB- and my batteries were only lasting a half hour or so , so i replaced them with the OEM battery seen here and wah lah !! The new batteries last for hours now vs only 30 min , i never have to worry about dead batteries now !!!
 The battery is listed on Amazon as being in `` retail packaging , '' but it was not when I received it . That it may have originally been in OEM packaging could be why the price for this one is much lower than the MSRP . I would have thrown away the retail packaging anyway . It does look and perform like the `` real thing , '' which is what matters to me . When I bought my Olympus E-510 camera , I bought several additional `` compatible '' batteries . One so-called compatible battery would not even charge , so I returned it for a refund . The others worked okay for a year or two but eventually would no longer hold a charge . My Olympus brand battery is still going strong . That 's why I paid the premium price for this `` real '' Olympus battery this time instead of the much cheaper alternatives .
 Exactly what is advertised . A backup battery for your camera . Essential when shooting long sessions or infrequent sessions when your other battery runs out of power at the worst of all times , either in studio , at home or outdoors . Will hold a full charge out of the camera for at least 8 months -LRB- the longest that I have not had to swap out the battery to date -RRB- . Essential for anyone who has a hard time telling how much battery life is left using the meter built into Olympus Camera 's -LRB- which I find almost impossible to read -RRB- . This is especially true when having a charged battery is critical to catching a spontaneous shot or at important/lengthy events . Recommended for anyone owning any appropriate Olympus camera that can not use standard widely available batteries as a back-up .
 I own the C8080wz and the OEM battery -LRB- this one -RRB- that came with it is still going strong after several years of heavy use . It is not cheap , but you get what you pay for . I made the mistake of purchasing an off brand version of the battery and from the very start it held a charge for about half the time of the Olympus version . Now it lasts for only a short while before it is depleted . The Olympus battery still is at about 90 % of its original capacity which means I can take it out for a day of shooting without worrying about it dying on me.My C8080 is still a terrific camera . You better believe that when I need a replacement battery , I am going to get a BLM-01 next time .
 This is an OEM battery and it works great . I replaced an after market battery that had died after only a few uses .
 I bought 2 batteries for an Olympus E510 . An Olympus and a Fotorama . The latter performed as well as the old battery I wanted to replace and cost 1/10 of the Olympus . The brand battery is worth the extra 9/10 .
 THE BATTERIES THAT I RECIEVED ARE GREAT PRICE EXCEPT TAG COLOR DIFFERNT , BUT GENUINE OLIMPUS .
 I had a laser vein procedure which causes severe bruising afterwards . I had the first leg done without using this product , and had bruising which was very painful and long lasting , several weeks after the procedure . For the second leg I started taking the pellets 2 days before the procedure , then for as long as the bruising continued thereafter , plus used the gel directly on the bruising and was amazed to find 1 . much less bruising resulted , 2 . the bruising that I did have was less painful 3 . the bruising went away much more quickly . This is good stuff !
 This product was sent to me as a gift by a wo-worker when I severely sprained my ankle . I was skeptical at first , but after using the gel and pills for a week , I saw a dramatic improvement-the bruising and swelling went down on my ankle and the pain decreased.Also , the muscle aches in my arms and shoulders from using crutches was incredibly painful-I could barely lift my arms above my head the first week . After using some of the gel , the pain disappeared immediately.So I saw immediate short term , as well as long term benifits . It worked so well , when the tube my co-worker ran out , I bought this replacement packet .
 Usually homeopathic remedies do not work for me , but this one does . It 's good stuff for my arthritis . I feel it is safe to use as well .
 Great product . Took a little while to get here since it was back ordered since it is such a great product .
 If you are thinking of taking magnesium , this is an excellent form . This has helped me and my family in friends in ways that I can not begin to tell you since the FDA screams when something works other than a prescription drug . Please take this and see what it will do for you . I take two in the AM and two in the PM . I sleep well , my back is great , no headaches . Maybe it is just a coincidence .
 This is the best quality magnesium supplement I have ever found or taken . I take one almost every night , and the price is spectacular for the quality . Will definitely buy again .
 I 've already known this product.It 's my first stethoscope and i hope that it will serves me well.Thanks !
 Just what I wanted . Came to my house in less than one week ! Great service ! Better than going to the store ! Thanks
 Shipped in good time , good quality , original Littmann!Excellent acoustics , ca n't go wrong with a Littmann , nice color &#34; Navy Blue &#34; Happy with the product !
 I am in graduate school to be a PNP and I bought this to use in clinic . Works great ! I do wish the tube was a bit longer as when the kids are wiggling it would give more room too work with , but I love it !
 Perfect pediatric stethoscope with great acoustics . Works well in the EMS pre ospital setting for lung sounds and vital signs .
 It was a gift for a co-worker . We both loved it . It came in a timely fashion . The perfect gift .
 great instrument for clinical use . small for pediatric listening good sound quality . ear pieces provide the best comfort of all .
 Very nice , great price , great quality , fast service , What else can I say buy it you will not be disappointed !
 I have used it for a sphygmometer , to palpate bowel , respiratory and heart sounds in a home setting . I have not used it in a professional setting .
 Littmann is the best quality you can get . This would be a 5 star review if the handle color was true to it 's picture and was silver . It is in fact , GOLD . I really dislike the gold color - it clashes with the blue - but that 's purely taste . Otherwise , great function .
 Quality product , it 's known for its name . Littmann product are just great . I bought this for my cousin who is a pediatrician and she fell in love with it .
 The sthetoscope is exactly what I expected . It is one of the best for pediatric purposes . However , I would recommend that Amazon offer the pssibility of inscribing the name of the owner . This service is inexpensive and very convenient .
 Great stethescope . Have used my first Pedi one for over 30 years and it has been awesome in terms of the clarity and the fit of the earpieces that block out noise.Sent it out to the company once -LRB- 3M -RRB- and they cleaned everything on it for free , only chg.was shipping.Not sure if they still do this.Looking forward to having my new Littmann pedi scope for at least 15 years !!!
 Great purchase , well packed + shipped , works as described - replaced my old Littman . Comfortable earpieces , supposedly great warranty -LSB- never had problems w-the old one -RSB-
 Littman is a very known brand , and I already expected it to be good , so it was n't a surprise that it works perfectly . I 'm satisfied with the deal .
 This was a replacement stethoscope for another Littman that I had for several years that had mysteriously disappeared . It was just what I expected . Great for neonatal assessments .
 Perfect for my pediatric patients . I always buy Littmann stethoscopes . Delivery was fast , I needed it quick due to starting new job . Not disappointed at all or ever in use and quality .
 I enjoyed my new pediatric Littman ! It is lightweight and works perfectly ! It was exactly what I chose and it 's very important on my job !
 This is the same one I had for the last 5 years , my old one cracked , so I bought this one .
 This is a great stethoscope . I got it as a gift after I got a job in a Neonatal ICU . It was not the smallest size , but it worked GREAT even on the micropreemies . I thought it would be to large and get to much overlap of heart and lung or lung and bowel sounds , but it was wonderful . Great product .
 This stethoscope is very good for pediatric ICU , however if you work with patients over 12 years of age , it is sometimes worth it to have a larger bell to hear broader areas of lung sounds -LRB- our 12 year olds are much bigger than I was when I was 12 years old -RRB- . Very good for nursing assessment of lung and heart sounds for newborn to 12 years .
 This stethoscope has very good performance . It 's light and confortable to use . Good quality as always .
 the colour is really good especially in paediatrics , the sound quality 's great ... a really great buy !!!
 Working in pediatric acute-care , I finally took the plunge and purchased a pedi specific stethoscope . The days of hearing bowel sounds along with heart sounds are over ! Works especially well for smaller children , but works for teens as well - you just have to be a little more exact about placement . Sound quality is superb , as per my expectations for Littmann . I have it in Navy , and it 's a nice deep inky blue - darker than I expected , but pretty .
 This product is very usefull . I am very happy , the long of the rubber band are optimal . It is a great product
 This is a fab stethescope . There is n't much more to say about the Littmann other than I am just as pleased with my pediatric one as I was with my adult classic II . The sound is clear as a bell ! -LRB- pun intended -RRB-
 A great stethoscope.Its excellent.Best of the medical instruments100 % recomendedvery , very good.thanks for the deals.I love it
 I liket a lot , it is very important to me to used , I recomended for every persons that works in the pediatrician area .
 My first one lasted almost 20 yrs . This one has a tough act to follow.The rainbow chest piece finish is n't as bright as I would have liked to entertain my patients .
 When I purchased this product I was afraid that it would not be a 3M Littman -LRB- as a copy one with Littman seal -RRB- , but in fact it is . Great product !!!
 Littmann is a littman and amazon have a good organizacion ... sorry my poor english . .
 i dont recibe this product becouse it dont arrive to de direccion y dont now where it is at this time I live in chile and my daugther was in Boston until september 25 but dont recibe the paqquet . I don now what y have to do now Ana Maria
 gracias , el producto esta bien , funciona corectome gusta . estoy sastifecho con la compra , gracia por las facilidades y servicio.att
 I 'm a vet , so a bought this product to use in the small animal clinic . It works very good for it , and the product is the best .
 The Littman stethoscope is the gold standard . Just like my last Littman , which I had since 2004 , the perfect pediatric stethoscope .
 sastifecho plenamente con el producto , excelente calidad , cumplieron con la fecha estimada de entrega !! excelente vendedor muy responsable
 3M Littmann 2131 Classic II Pediatric Stethoscope , Green , 28 inch . arrived within time . very satisfied . well packed . nice colour . perfect
 I love the service , I received my new stethoscope 1 day and a half later after I placed the order . It was impressive . Everything was in the box as the seller says . Also , I love the color . The next day I was using it and I listened everything in the way it suppose to be . I love littmann , this is my third stethoscope of this brand . I compare not just the quality of the materials but also how good the quality of the sound with other brands , and littmann always beat all of them . The other ones are a classic II and a cardiology one . They 're still working perfectly fine but I did n't have a pediatric one . It seems that this one is cheaper cause the color but I love it .
 This is an excellent pediatric stethoscope . It 's funny to think that I had to adjust to listening through a new stethoscope , but that is exactly what I experienced . Now that I am accustomed , this works as well as my last Littmann , which served me well for 9 long years . Happy Auscultating !!
 I bought this as a gift for a recent Duke Medical School graduate and they really like it and will use it daily in their new career . Gret price for a quality product .
 O produto foi entregue em perfeito estado e funcionando corretamente . Al&eacute;m disso , a entrega eficiente e foi realizada dentro do prazo .
 Estetoscopio muy confiable , comodo , facil de llevar y de guardar . lo mejor de todo es que los repuestos para esta marca se encuentran en todos lados .
 I had a car accident over a year ago and have continual swelling and pain in my neck . My Chirorpractor recommended this for the swelling -LRB- therefore helping my pain -RRB- , and increasing the dose if needed -LRB- for example after a major adjustment -RRB- . Wow ! Who would have known that this would work so well ? I rarely have to take ibuprofin now . As an added bonus , it helps my asthma too ! I 'm not usually a homeopathic person , but this product has me sold !
 My cardiologist suggested I take these ... I trust the NOW brand of vitamin and herbs and enjoy buying on Amazon ... I feel this product has helped reduce my blood pressure and keep plaque out of my arteries
 Unfortunately this product is n't made anymore and I have not been able to locate any , anywhere . I was happy to find it here and should have bought more . It goes on smoothly and stays on for a long time . Helps my chapped lips very well . Neutrogena , please make it again !! Arrived quickly and in great shape .
 if you have sensitive ears as i do , the studex earring is for you ! they never give me a problem-i wear them day and night . i only take them out to change styles . the regular is a good size-the minis are too small .
 For re training ears ... I had let two of the holes in my ears close up a bit and it was getting hard to get earrings in ... so with a little pain and blood :-RRB- I now have two holes in each ear . . going for the third set re priecing will have to be done here ... pretty earrings nice color .
 These earring are the only ones that i can use that dont make my ears sore , and the price is great
 Studex is very trustworthy . Every shop in town was out of turquoise studs so I got these . Took it to the lady and got my cartilage pierced . My ear rejected the piercing but that does n't reflect the quality of the earring itself . The time it took to ship was excellent also . Only thing is I wish the color was closer to real turquoise .
 I am still taking it . Would n't be without it . My memory has improved greatly ! I am glad there is a product that helps .
 What the Heck ! Has IMPROVITA stop making this Item , I ca n't find it anywhere , Everyone says wait until this item is available , which makes me to believe they wo n't be making it anymore . Very good product and when they make something good they stop making it , but I will still look for it .
 loved the product ! it is perfect for kitchen cleaning , it works very well and leaves a great scent in all my kitchen counters
 This product was fine but amazon was terrible . They screwed up the shipping orders and would do nothing about it . Expected me to do all the phone work to fix their mistake but I had no contact info . Amazon customer service is terrible , rude and just didnt seem to care . Never order threw them and tell everybody you know not too
 This stuff really helps with constipation . Having suffered from IBS for nearly 20 years now , and the constipation it causes i had stuck a TON of money into colon cleansers , magnesium citrate , casgara sagrada , senna , fiber concoctions , etc. . I had also tried cheap probiotic `` pearls '' which had done nothing for me . Then one day i saw a health program ON PBS in which an expert on probiotics said that if you buy one make sure it has at LEAST 15 BILLION bacteria colonies . The pearls i had been using did n't even approach that . Anything less then 15 Billion is ineffective she said . This one is also enteric coated to prevent stomach upset . After just 2 weeks of being on this i noticed improvement in my bowels ; much less straining at the stool , much easier to `` go '' . The beneficial bacteria seem to lubricate the colon and thereby prevent dry , hard stools , so throw out those useless stool softeners ! No more feeling like you are trying to have a baby or passing cement blocks when you go to the bathroom . If you have ever been on antibiotics or colon cleansers or laxatives you should replenish your gut with beneficial bacteria anyway . Among the probiotics out there , this is worth the $ 19 i spent . Others were not . BEWARE
 This product is a very good product , It contains a good amount of live active cultures to be effective
 My wife and I have been married for over 15 years now and we both work too much so we 're tired by the end of the day-so not really wanting to do anything but sleep . Then she went and surprised me she got this and started taking it and had me take maxidus-stimulation for men . And the reaction was WOW !!!! Better than when we first got together , she reaches major heights and I love it when she does , and since I 'm better equiped to last longer and stronger with the help of maxidus , its just explosive thats the best way to explain it . I recommend that if things are slow in the bedroom then add the ascend to your better half and maxidus for the men and you 'll see a MAJOR change . Both ascend -LRB- women -RRB- and maxidus -LRB- men -RRB- work within a couple hours . I am just a normal guy with 2 kids and a wife and work over 60 hours a week , if your like me try this it 'll bring spice and a BIG SMILE to you and your wifes face :o-RRB- I 'd recommend this very highly and the maxidus too !!!!
 It help me a lot !! Great product , Herbalife gave the energy that I really needed , I will used it again !
 Took this to India , never got sick . Took 2 a day . It 's actually hard to find probiotics that do n't need to be refrigerated . At home mine are refrigerated . 1 billion is not a lot , so when you are home take a higher dose , maybe 5 billion or more per day to get really healthy digestion . I 'm buying another bottle now to take with me for a month long trip to rural China . Thanks now .
 This si one of the best pro-biotic blends on the market . just one a day will suffice all your good bacteria needs.before it was only available as powder , which was a little icky on the taste buds , but now thats its also in caps , there is no excuse to keep your flora as healthy as possible!NOW maintain their excellence in quality with yet another product i have tried
 I bought these from our local health food store -LRB- much more expensive ... -RRB- when I was battling w/mastitis for the 2nd time in a month . These , in combination w/cabbage leaves :-RRB- and lots of vitamin C , worked beautifully . I take them to maintain my health in this regard . I do not want to be w/o them ! Hope they work for you as well as they have for me . Additionally , I have used many brands of probiotics and was skeptical of these in the beginning .
 I wanted to review since I saw another reviewer indicated this did n't work for IBS . The tricky thing with IBS is what works for one person does n't work for another . I 've tried a lot of probiotics and prebiotics . The majority of them did not do a thing for me . Of the few that did , this one has worked the best for me hands down . I wish they still made the powder , but the powder in capsule form works too . I 've found this product to be especially good in reducing bloating . If you have n't had luck with other probiotics , I would highly recommend this one .
 After suffering for months with indigestion & gas , I became concern with how my body was digesting . Luckly I came across `` Probiotic Defense '' . In a matter of 3-4 days , it has almost eliminate all signs of gas/bloating , which I would of had before . A quality product at an excellent price , given the enormous benefits it provides to the body .
 I was a little nervous to purchase , because I have to be on Probiotics for some time , maybe even the rest of my life because of some FDA drugs that really destroyed my internal body . I read all I could on here about these , and took the risk . These say you do n't need to refrigerate , which was the only reason I did n't want to buy because all of the ones I purchased prior were always refrigerated . Works just as well as ones you buy in a health food place , just less expensive . Great purchase . I need to switch off probiotics , -LRB- advice from my acupuncturist -RRB- but will definately come back to these in circulation !
 This probiotic is very good . I 've tried several others and findthis one both financially and quality is best . I plan to reorderin the future .
 I had horrible stomach cramps and constipation for about a week . I suspected the balance of ` flora and fauna ' in my GI tract was off so I went to my local health food store looking for something . After one pill the stomach cramps were gone . Constipation disappeared after the second pill . This is great stuff for stomach problems .
 I like that these do not need to be refrigerated . Most others seem to need refrigeration and as others have mentioned they are not shipped or stored refrigerated.I had no problem with these and they seem like a good product however going forward I plan to try these instead :[ ... -RSB- As they are reported to deliver a greater quantity of living flora to the gut .
 This product is a very good product . A local health food store recommends this one over other probiotics . My husbands been taking this faithfully for at least 2 years if not longer . I say try the product . It is good for your overall health and well being !!
 So far I 'm pleased with the product.Buying this product online is the way to go - GNC stores sell this at more than TWICE the cost .
 I found this product to be the cheapest on line or in stores . The service was great . They shipped right away and contents were packed so no chance of bottles breaking . I have added them to my favorite page .
 The item came quickly , was fresh , and was packaged well . We will definitely use this seller again !
 This is the most awesome stain remover I have found . My white towels had turned dingy grey . No detergent nor bleach nor dark of night would make them bright white again . I hadnoticed this product seemed to really whiten things it was sprayed on . So on a lark I filled the entire detergent dispenser in my HE washer -LRB- low wateruse -RRB- washer with this stain remover and washed on hot for the ` heavy soil 's wash length . No detergent just this product on otherwise clean white towels . OMG I have new towels ! They are as bright as new towels ! I used to be embarrassed to put them in my guest bath but not anymore ! I have found youdo need to rinse multiple times and have discovered the trick is to run extra rinse cycle and then two more ` wash ' cycles with no detergent to get all the stain remover out . So this is not something I would do every wash but just to revitalize every year or so . I also threw in other white items with similar results . The only thing this technique has not eliminated is yellow sweat stains.I would NOT try the above technique with colored items . Also I think a washer that is not HE and uses more water would dillute the product too much .
 In our little family , I seem to have somehow gained control of doing the laundry . So , every Saturday there 's about a half-dozen loads to be done . I 've settled in using either Tide or Kirkland Signature detergent coupled with a little OxiClean added to the load , especially with the white and light stuff . The combination seems to work fine and my wife seldom complains . She suggested that I use Spray 'n Wash on any visible stain , so I 've been doing that too . And , believe me , the baby 's things can have some ugly visible stains!In any case , this stuff seems to work very well . I 'm impressed ! Just this week one of my dress shirt sleeves had a very large red stain where I had managed to tip over a glass of red wine . It removed the stain without a trace . I usually identify the stain , then give it a good soaking spray and let it set aside for a while . Later on , perhaps an hour later , I 'll add the stained item to a load . I 'm only seldom disappointed.Added note of 7/17/11 . This is a different version of the Spray and Wash product that I originally reviewed . I 'm willing to give it a try as I liked the version we have and we still have a lot of it in that my wife purchased one of those large gallon refill bottles.Gary Peterson
 I bought this product to get out ink stains in khaki pants . That did n't work . But it is good for pre-treating dirt and other light stains . Not really recommended for anything serious .
 As do most women , i sometimes have to remove blood stains from clothes . This is the best product i 've ever used for that purpose . I ca n't even tell where stain is after its washed . Of course i do n't wait for days for the blood to set in the cloth , but if it 's washed the day it 's stained , it works beautifully . I have n't really used it for any other types of stains though , so i would n't know about how it works on other things.As for the other reviews , i 'm sorry it did n't work out for you , but i believe the majority of people who found this product works great do n't take the time to review it . I 'm just procrastinating doing homework , and felt like telling peoples how impressed i am : -RRB-
 This was a very cute gift ! Appropriate for children , specially for the Packers fans ! Totally worth the purchase . I recommend this product .
 THESE WALKER SKI GUIDES ARE EASY TO INSTALL , IT ONLY TAKES A PHILLIPS HEAD SCREWDRIVER , AND APPEAR TO BE OF GOOD QUALITY .
 Calgon Water Softener is a five star product but ... The seller is apparently hoping you do n't know you can get a case -LRB- six bottles -RRB- from the manuf . for $ 34.51 .
 I moved from Seattle to the greater LA area for school and realized water is harder in So . CA . So when I wash my once-white chef jackets with food stains -LRB- i.e. red sauces , chocolate , etc. -RRB- with this water softener , it comes out clean , bright , and white . I could tell the difference from washing with and without it so I never wash my chef jackets -LRB- and my other whites -RRB- without it .
 Our water is so hard with lime we have to use 4 caps of liquid detergent for a load . Not anymore . We now use this or Borax and it only takes one capful . We are saving money on detergent and clothes look cleaner . Wish I had done this sooner !
 I LOVE this stuff !!!!! I did not buy on here , got it from Walmart ... much cheaper . I used it for my daughter 's cloth diapers . We have EXTREMELY hard water and I 've used everything under the sun
 The thumbfit helps in a small way by restricting movements , reminding others not to squeeze your hand too hard when shaking it , and somehow much of the pain goes away . I would order another one , if needed . Because hands perspire , this gets a `` gamey smell quickly . Washing it with baby shampoo and warm water works well .
 It really works & it 's natural . You can feel good about using it on your skin .
 This soap is nothing short of a miracle ! I have suffered with acne since my early teens -LRB- I am now 29 -RRB- and nothing would clear it up . I have had both over the counter and prescription medications , even expensive laser treatements . I tried this soap after reading all the positive reviews and after only a week my skin has improved dramatically . I have no new blemishes and no more blackheads ! If you 've tried everything with no luck , try this soap .
 super product . Used it twice a day in the beginning to see super results in like three days . I wash my face nothing less than three times a day , but you can and will over dry if you use it that much . After you get the clarity you want then only use it every other day .
 I have very mild acne and incipient rosacea ; this sulfur soap helped with both . Of course it smells like sulfur , but it 's bearable ; it also dries the skin a little bit , but I applied a moisturizer immediately after washing with the soap and had no problems with the dryness . All these are minor cons , compared with the pros.However , there is quite a significant promise the manufacturer profess , but does n't accomplish
 I bought this soap based on the reviews I read here . I like it . I am not sure if it 's the end all for my skin , but it 's part of my regiment now .
 i 've had small bouts of acne in not so sexy places on my body -LRB- back/butt -RRB- from working out and this is GREAT . worked on all and i have tried everything ! the sulfur smell is n't the best , but if you look at proactiv and many other great acne meds , sulfur is a key ingredient . this is cheap and does the trick . buying it again and will keep using it .
 I got this soap because a few years back I had gotten a sulfuric face wash from the dermatologist . I am currently unable to see a dermatologist right now and remembered that the main ingredient used was sulfur . So I looked for something similar and saw this , so I thought I 'd give it a shot . I still have acne , but not as bad as I did before I used this . This soap does make a difference , but it 's not going to clear up my face completely . So I 'll use this until I can get to the doctor , but this is a lot better then regular acne face washes that you get at the drugstore.I 've been using this soap for months now and it works great ! I love how great my face has cleared up . I still have a few zits here and there , but for the most part my face is pretty clear . A big improvement from before . I just bought two more bars of this soap . I want to use one in the shower , maybe it can clear up the rest of my skin . I only use this soap now . Great product !
 I got this product for my niece , who has acne problems and nothing seems to help . She had nothing to loose , so she got it and it works !!! Her face is much better ever since she started using this soap . Other products had similar start , but after a while they stop having effect . I only hope it will always keep her face clear . So far I am very pleased with the results !
 this is a really good product for anyone who has a little acne and would like to clear it up.it really does work for my son who has acne and now his face really looks a lot better since he started using this product.thanks
 I have bought this soap in another online store and I want to tell you that this is the BEST SOAP EVER . I have suffer from acne since teens years . I was using a product for almost five years overall it help but nothing like the granda pa soap . Grand pa saop clear away within days . I am a thyroid suffer person as well and this soap has help with my dry skin . I have not put on lotion on my skin since I am using the grand pa soap . I had as well fungus on my feet . Thank god its completely gone using this amazing soap . I will never go back to anything but this soap . Dont have to use locion any more for my dry skin . Hope this review help you . I do encourage for people with acne suffer to give it a shoot . Thats why I gave it the five star .
 I use this soap daily in the shower , and it has significantly improved the keratosis pilaris on my upper arms and has started to eliminate body acne while leaving my skin soft and smooth . At the end of the first week , it had already reduced the KP on my arms by almost 25 % . The reason this soap knocks out KP and early blemishes is that sulfur is a keratolytic , meaning it softens keratin . Keratin is a fibrous protein -LRB- the hard , waxy plug -RRB- that clogs pores , both in acne and KP.Another reviewer on a different page said that this soap smells terrible . I personally think the scent is very mild and non-bothersome ; it hardly smells like sulfur at all . People who have tried the gamut of acne treatments should n't have any problem with its scent -- just do n't go in expecting it to smell like Herbal Essences.The soap is a yellowy-beige color and feels slightly grainy during use . It makes a thin bubbly lather and washes off easily . Shop around for the best price -- I found mine both online and in a local health food store for less than it sells on Amazon . Recommended for people who want more control over their body 's hyperkeratinization .
 I purchased this because I have fair , oily , acne-prone skin . I have to say I was pleasantly surprised.I use it every day , once a day in the shower . The instructions say to use it twice a day , however.The few blackheads I had , on my nose are gone and my face is nice , smooth and acne free.It does smell like sulfur though . It 's not too overpowering , but even after I get out of the shower I can smell it . The smell does go away though . I usually use my body wash after I use the soap , that way I can cancel out the sulfur scent.The smell , notwithstanding , it 's a great acne soap and I will repurchase .
 i was at the point where i really did n't think anything would work . i have incredibly sensitive skin and i am extremely allergic to everything . this product not only cleared up my acne it also cleared up the blackheads , completely . i have to caution that this soap is drying but after a week or two my skin adapted and is no longer dry -LRB- i ca n't use moisturizers because i 'm allergic -RRB- . i strongly suggest this product .
 I 've had adult acne on and off since I was 19 years old and I am now 35 . I recently had a major stressor in my life that reiked havoc on my skin that was quite similar to when I first developed acne . I 've tried Proactiv , oral and topical antibiotics , accutane , tea tree oil and many over the counter products which did n't help me . I had been doing a lot of research on the internet and have changed my lifestyle dramatically.I now only drink water and herbal tea . I 've added apple cider vinegar to my diet , I avoid processed foods , dairy and sugar . I cut down on my wheat intake . I now use turmeric as a seasoning for cooking . I eat more fruits and vegetables and my skin is becoming clearer.I had a mixture of black heads , white heads and cystic acne . I wash my face at least twice a day using grandpas thylox soap and have noticed that my cystic acne has dissappeared . I had cystic acne on my jaw line for weeks and this was the only thing that got rid of them in a matter of about 3 days ! I also use witch hazel as an astringent and now I incoporated manuka oil for spot treatment . I just started using the manuka oil and so far I am happy with it . Tea tree oil gave my cystic acne . I moisterize now with the skin clear manuka cream and I am happy with it . I used to use aloe vera gel and my face would still be dry -- so I added jojoba oil to it and that helped but now I 'm giving the clear skin manuka cream a try . It has manuka oil , manuka honey , jojoba oil , grape seed oil , neem , aloe and other natural products . I have to say that my pores did get smaller when I used the aloe vera gel so I will probably add more of it back to my skin care regimen.I use the queen helene mint julep mask weekly as well as a raw honey mask -LRB- sometimes with aspirin and sometimes without -RRB- . I just got the Aztec clay healing mask and I ca n't wait to use it!I also changed my sunscreen and make-up products . I am a golden brown african american female so any pimples that comes about even if I do not mess with them will leave a dark spot . I use make-up to cover them up and to have an even complexion . I like make-up and only wear it when I go out ... but the marykay make-up I was using added to my blemish problem . I researched the ingredients in their mineral make-up and found that they have irritants in there that can aggravate acne . I switched my make-up line to L.A. Minerals which is all natural and has no skin irritants in their products . I am only working on their samples -LRB- which they send you a good amount of -RRB- that I ordered and I am very pleased . I will now be a customer for life.It took about a good month or two for my skin to really respond to all the changes -LRB- which seems forever -RRB- that I made . My husband says my skin looks much better and I 'm feeling more confident . Before I would think that people were just looking at my pimples and some were and some were not . I prayed about my skin to become clearer and by research -LRB- knowledge -RRB- and prayer it is now happening . I 'm now in favor for all natural products!My advice to acne sufferers is to please be patient with your skin and pray about it . My prayers came true and do a lot of research , listen to your body and treat it well .
 I have sensitive skin . Products like benzoyl peroxide aggravate my acne problems and my dermatologist advised me to stay away from it . I am also very fair skinned so every red spot shows immediately . I have had good luck with sulfur based products , so I tried this soap . The soap does dry my skin out , but I have also found that any cleanser that has helped my acne usually does . At first some spots on my face broke out a bit , but there had been some latent spots that probably needed to be `` pulled out '' so to speak . In the past few days these spots have started to dry up and lose color . I will alternate use of this bar with a gentle cleanser like Purpose , but I think it has helped my skin a great deal .
 My doctor told me I had contact dermatitis and would n't consider the possibility that I might have an allergy to mites that most people have on their skin and never notice , though everything I read made me think that must be it , since I 'd changed detergents , slathered on moisturizers - which made me worse , taken vitamin A , eliminated foods , etc. . After trying various herbal remedies with mixed results , as in , nothing was quite strong enough to permanently keep the mites from munching on me , I read someone 's online suggestion of sulfur soap , which , thank God , pretty much solved the problem . When it was really bad , sometimes I even applied the soap suds like a lotion and did n't rinse it off . My skin tends to dryness , but this did n't make it worse.I use it all the time , now , and I really love the way the soap smells . It 's an old-fashioned smell that I associate with sun-dried sheets and clawfoot tubs . The sulfur smell is kind of an after-smell and very mild.My health food store in Alaska sold it to me for 4.99 at first , but now suddenly it 's 6.99 -LRB- ! -RRB- , so I think I 'll be buying it from Amazon while I can get it with free super-saver shipping .
 The soap worked better than I exected it to . My acne has been reduced by atleast 75 % . Other reviews and my doctor warned me of how drying the soap was but I did n't find it to be too bad . I used a non-acne facial moisturizer after each wash and have been fine . The only complaint I have about the soap is the smell . I wish it had a nicer scent . When first taken out of the package it smells fine but once wet you can really smell the sulfur . I do n't care for the smell of sulfur . I would recommend this product to friends and have .
 Neutrogena Lip Nutrition Balm Mango Moisture is a great and effective lip balm that delivers moisture to dry , flaky lips , without being overly greasy . This balm has a delightful and subtle mango scent -LRB- not overly sweet -RRB- . The balm is subtly shiny , without being tacky , and is truly a great beauty product for those who are looking for an effective product . I do n't wear much makeup , so , usually lip balm is my big purchase ! Great to know that this product is still available online . My experience has been that their line of lip balms is great . I have also tried their mint , and honey flavors , as well .
 The product does an excellent job at spot cleaning rugs . It makes red wine and coffee stains disappear after a short length of time , often without even touching the stain . The fresher the stain the better it works . It also does an excellent job on other type stains . I use it to pretreat a dirty rug before steam-vaccing . Make sure bottle says `` Thriple Action '' as this is the improved version that takes the red out . Also , the product deoderizes and puts down a stain preventer . I often use a portable spot lifter to rinse out the stain after letting the product set for a few minutes and then use paper towels to blot it up .
 I have been using Resolve Powder carpet cleaner for over 13 years . We live in North East Texas , and I can no longer find it . The largest city closest to us is Tyler over 50 miles , I have checked Brookshire Grocer , Walmart , and Target in Tyler , Brookshire Grocer in Quitman , Walmart in Sulphur Springs , and Mineola Texas , and to no avail . Please tell me where I can get this without having to order it from the net . This is the MOST WONDERFUL Carpet cleaner I have ever used , It will take out most anything . My dog got into the cat food over 10 years ago , He upchucked on the carpet , I used liquid carpet cleaners of every kind , they only made the spot larger . I bought some Resolve Power and the spot disappeared as though through some magic . Please I need some of this cleaner .
 I have suffered from urinary tract infections since the age of four . I 've had all the tests , etc. , but nothing stopped me from getting them , and at one point , I was getting an infection once a month . I read in a magazine that taking cranberry concentrate can help prevent utis . I have taken two pills a day for five years and have n't had an infection since -- something I used to dream of . I recommend Cranrich to anyone who has been suffering as I was .
 My mom has severe arthritis in her feet . These are very soothing and she loves them !
 These are exactly what I needed . I live in a house that is heated with a wood furnace and the house is kept around 12 degrees Celsius -LRB- 50 Fahrenheit -RRB- most of the time . By evening , when I am sitting quietly , my feet start to cool down , and by bedtime , they are like little blocks of ice . I found it so hard to go to sleep with such cold feet . Even with my hand knit wool or alpaca socks , they still got cold . I heat these at bedtime and slip them on before getting into bed . They are wonderfully warm and just the thing I need , and I fall asleep much more quickly as a result . They are not designed to be `` slippers '' for walking in - they are designed to be foot cozies ! If you want something to warm your feet while you are sitting quietly or going to bed , these are the perfect thing .
 I have used many heat wraps , especially those heated by microwaving ... and this one smells great . I got hooked with Dreamtime products when I got a little kit from them that included a candle , spray , etc. . . but that was a smaller wrap than this one . Also , this wrap has little pockets that keep the grains evenly distributed along its length . Its cover is velvety soft and looks good , too ... when left on the bed or couch after use .
 We are going through a cold spell , and I warm these up every night for my cold footies !! They keep my feet so warm . They wash up nicely in the washing machine . I 've had them for years ... Good investment !
 First , I 've just purchased the Dreamtime foot AND separate hand cozys as a gift for someone who struggles with cold hands and feet -LRB- of course ! -RRB- But I 've used both products myself for several years , and they 're still as good as new . Next , as others have stated , they are not slippers -LRB- or gloves -RRB- , but ` cozys ' , thus the name . Do n't expect to walk around in them . They 're perfect for sitting on the sofa to read a book or watch TV . Even if the heated grains are n't touching you , the cozys create a chamber of warmth that takes care of cold fingers and toes quickly . Just pop them into the microwave -LRB- according to instructions -RRB- and you 're all set . By the way , I put the whole thing in the microwave oven rather than separating the cloth from the grains - no issues - and it has worked just fine so far . There 's always someone in the house who is just a bit chilled when everyone else is comfortable , and these are a perfect solution on the sofa .
 I bought these for my father , who is 84 and has blood circulation problems in his feet . He loves them . A couple of minutes in the microwave , and they are ready to provide him with hours of relief . The only downside is that the Cozys are not designed to walk in , which poses a small issue for Dad . But overall , a great product !
 I began ordering the Solaray formulation when I became pregnant because I was n't eating enough eggs . I tried a few different brands and settled on this one as the effects seem to last longer with this formulation than with others . I ran out once for a week and even my husband commented on how foggy-headed I seemed . This vitamin really helps keep the mommy-brain -LRB- scatter-brained inability to remember things or complete sentences -RRB- away !
 Only when I returned to re-order this product as I 'm almost out of the 4 bottles ordered previously did I read the two negative reviews . I 've had no problems with the product and use it daily .
 I 've only been taking this for a few days , but right away I noticed better recall of short term things . I even remember dreams more often now . I would n't recommend taking this much past lunchtime though .
 I ordered this product in March and did not have the quality problems described in the negative reviews . Maybe it was n't stored properly by a different seller ? I am reordering now and will update if there are any issues .
 love how easy it is , no complications , one button and it tells the time . just what i needed
 The basket that comes with it might be better placed under the center rather than the front . Had difficulty with side-walks , other wise its made very well . .
 This is a great product . It cleans well and the lemon scent is mild . It smells much better than regular Fantastik . No stores sell it in my area .
 The AccuMassage is a great way to easily put pressure on tight neck muscles to get them to release . The Body Back Buddy has more knobs & a great tip on one end that is angled in to better put pressure and pull on tight large muscles along the spine so it has more functions than the Theracane which I had been using for years . The hook ends are a little small for a big guy like me -LRB- 6 ' , 220 lbs . -RRB- but I can still get to the tight spots , but I would n't buy one if you are any bigger than I am . My wife likes this one a lot better than the Theracane . The Body Back Buddy seems to be available at a lower price than the Theracane .
 The AccuMassage is probably the best money I have ever spent ! My neck and shoulder muscles are very painful and stay very tight . This had immediate results . The Back Buddy is terrific for trigger points . When I started using it I did not realize how many painful trigger points I had in my back . This really helped ease the pain .
 Still use the Squeeze device . And yeah it helps . Only way it could be better is it have a little longer handles with light bend to them .
 These products do a good job to my neck . I should have them much earlier .
 I have chronic myofascial trigger point issues along with fibromyalgia . Some days my body would scream for my deep tissue massage therapist , but I ca n't go everyday . Now I do n't have to wait in agony ! I literally have the tools I need to help work out cramps , trp 's , and other issues on my own . I still see a therapist weekly , but now the rest of the week is n't comprised of increasing debilitating pain as often . And the AccuMassage is perfect for relieving neck and arm tightness . LOVE , LOVE , LOVE these two tools !!!!
 I bought this combo because it was cheaper than getting both separately . I find that to be true for many of the items sold from Body Back Company . So if you are interested in a couple of items , I would encourage you to search for bundles . Anyways , the BBB is a great tool , but I wo n't elaborate on it here -LRB- see my other reviews for a review of that item -RRB- . The accumassager is great for what it does , but somewhat limited in scope . I found that its primarily useful for the neck and shoulders . The two golf-ball like attachments are actually made of a soft rubber , which is good because it grips your muscles relatively well and feels better than a hard point of contact . They are also adjustable so you can move them along the device depending on what you want to target -LRB- i.e. , closer together for neck and further apart for shoulder or legs -RRB- . The limitation , as you can probably imagine , is that it is primarily designed to be a squeezing/kneading device . I would recommend this if you have neck/shoulder tension that can be relieved with a straightforward squeezing and limited kneading motion . Having said that , you can definitely get a lot of leverage with the device so you get a deep knead with not too much effort .
 This def helps more than I thought it would ! After doing some research on how the trigger points work , it really did make a big difference .
 The `` Body Back Buddy '' is awesome beyond belief , and you do n't need to ask for anyone 's help -- all by yourself you can relieve the tight muscles in your body . As far as the `` AccuMassage '' it was just OK .
 I got these a few weeks ago and they work great . The Accumassage is great for the neck and shoulder area . The Back Buddy can get any sore spot on your body . I highly recommend these .
 These products comes in handy for me after spending long hours on my computer . I can get to those hard to reach knots on my neck , shoulder and back to bring instant relief !
 These feel great and do a great job if you ca n't afford a masseuse to work out your kinks . I had 2 issues that cause the downgrade to 4 stars . One is that the body back buddy is slightly too small for me . I am 6 ' 1 '' with long arms and I feel a bit constricted using it . I think there is a larger model available and recommend anyone over 6 foot go for that instead . The other problem is that the end cap on the accumassage just pops off very easily . I 'll probly wind up putting some epoxy in there to keep it on tite .
 Great for the price ... both came in the same package and comes in handy once in while and i keep it close by .
 The Back Buddy is a large double hook-shaped device made of sturdy plastic . You use it to release tension in your muscles , specifically your back and shoulders . But I 've watched instructional videos that show it being used on other parts of the body . I get super tight muscles in my back , shoulders and neck . I think this is pretty typical . The Back Buddy allows you to put the nodules directly on the muscle that is tight and hold it till it releases . I think it 's important to breathe when you are holding it . I also use a foam roller for my back . The Back Buddy is a very different experience . But I think I need to practice more with the Back Buddy . I 've had it for several months . The AccuMassage that came packaged with the Back Buddy is another plastic device that closes with two golf ball type nodes at the top . You line it on the back of your neck and squeeze the two bars together to target neck muscles . You can use it in other ways as well for muscle release . I was less impressed with AccuMassage . I think it is less effective and less versatile . It does seem to be well constructed . I will continue to use the Back Buddy , especially around my shoulder blades for small tight muscles that need to loosen up . I will also continue to use my foam roller , which is more like a rolling pin for your back and hits more areas more gently .
 I love my Accumassage and Body Back Buddy . I have severe neck tension and headaches and the Accumassager works wonderfully on those muscles close to the cranium and down the neck . My Dad was a Chiropractor and no other DC has the gift my Dad had with neck adjustments . Both these tools are fantastic at working on my trigger points and especially the hard to reach rhomboids and shoulders . Great value and quality . Dad may be no longer with us but I am going to start calling these `` My Dads . ''
 My physical therapist had recommended the Back Buddy to me.I did n't order it because I thought it looked too bizarre and strange . -LRB- My loss ! -RRB- Now that I do n't live near her anymore , I ordered it out of desperation . I LOVE LOVE LOVE the Back Buddy and seriously do n't know how anyone could do without one.The AccuMassage -- ehhh . I 'm lukewarm on it . Have n't found it to be as valuable as other folks have said it is . The Back Buddy really takes care of anything on the neck and shoulders way better than the AccuMassage , but I 'm not too upset -- the set was n't a bad deal hear on Amazon . But I really did n't need both .
 I bought this clock because of the large numbers that are easy to read weather it 's night or day .
 I can actually see the time when I 'm in bed , I no longer have to get up to see the time
 Very nice clock . Missing one thing - a switch to dim the numbers . My wife put something in front of it each night which sort of dilutes the idea of using it .
 INTRODUCTIONI have one of those undiagnosable conditions / sun sensitivity that produces musculoskeletal pain at about level 7 every day . Tylenol had zero results at safe levels . I also have fibromyalgia , and the fibro flares add more pain in addition to the above , unknown problem.EFFECT OF MSMThen , I found something obscure on the web that said for some conditions one could take up to 30 or 40 milligrams of MSM per day . So , I started experimenting with more than one capsule per day , and FANTASTIC pain relief was the result.Research has shown MSM to be effective in arthritis of the knee.DOSAGE OF MSMThe most I ever took was about sixteen 1 milligram capsules spaced throughout the day . Now that I know to avoid sun and UV lights -LRB- florescent lights -RRB- I look at the MSM bottle to gauge my pain level . If its nothing , I take no MSM . If I 'm creaky and aching , I take three capsules in the morning , which usually lasts to nighttime when I take three more.SAFETY OF MSMa -RRB- Informal clinical trials of MSM safely use dosages up to 6,000 mg/day . b -RRB- Possible interactions of MSM with medications you take and other Supplements may be checked on the web at Drugs.com . I found that it is not particularly reactive with other supplements and the medications that * I * take , but your mileage may vary.SUMMARYTo summarize , this is a benign , little-known , and very helpful supplement . -LSB- By the way , do n't experiment with high doses of other supplements , and do use a high quality source like Jarrow . -RSB-
 I started taking a variety of supplements to boost my health and I do feel better . I think I bought these to help with sinus problems from allergies and like I said I feel a lot better and I think it does help with hair growth . I do n't feel any better from muscle soreness or pms symptoms . Maybe one is not enough a day .
 I take this along withCosamin DS Joint Health Supplement , Capsules , 210-Count BottleandSource Naturals Hyaluronic Joint Complex , 120 Tabletsevery day . There is no question in my mind that it has helped with my joints . I just added this to the mix after taking the CosaminDS and MSM for years . My joints are not sore in the morning . I have a torn miniscus that is getting better , or at least less pain . I like it . Bog pills though . Be ready . I dont have an issue with big pills , but if you do these are big .
 Great product that helps relieve the pain of a disc problem . Recommended by my chiropractor and well worth the money
 This is a great product for serveral conditions . I take it daily to help with aching joints . It really helps with mobility and releaves the tired feeling that you have when your joints ach . I also give to my dogs in moderation to help with fleas since the sulfer in this product is great for killing fleas and it boost their energy too .
 Heck , who has n't heard of K-Y Jelly ? K-Y brand has been in the lubricant field since 1917 ! But , K-Y Liquid is a newer product . It is thinner than K-Y Jelly , and pours from a bottle -LRB- rather than being squeezed from a tube -RRB- . K-Y Warming Liquid has a certain something in it that causes it to give a mild warming feeling on contact - this can be quite nice if you are prone to feeling cold , as I am.Overall , I found this to be a pretty good lubricant , and I liked the warming properties . Now , among its ingredients is `` Acacia Honey , '' and some people say that it is more likely to cause a yeast infection than regular water-based lubricants . I have n't heard one way or another from anyone authoritative , and have n't experienced a yeast infection since I started using it , but you might want to keep that in mind . The worst downside to me , though , is the taste . If you use this stuff , and then get it into your mouth , you will find it to have an odd , bitter taste that is probably the ingredient trying to `` warm '' your tongue.So , I would say that this is a pretty good lubricant , one with a bad taste . So , if you are considering using this lubricant , you will have to decide if the balance of positives to negatives is worth it or not . Overall , I like it.FYI
 I love this stuff ! It works really well , and it feels great when I 'm masturbating . I used to dry masturbate , but after I bought this I am having the best orgasms to date ! Go get some !
 If you can handle retinal products this is a good one . I love how velvety it goes on . I use it at night 3 or 4 times a week and it makes your skin very smooth . You might want to take it easy at first until you figure out what your skin can take or you can make it flake and dry out . All in all this product is great .
 I bought this product after a lot of research on skin care . Retinol is drying but if you use it once every couple days at first you will be fine . I started using it once every three days for the first couple weeks , then every other day . Make sure you have a good lotion because your skin will peel . When your skin peels it means the top layer is coming off to get to the healthy skin underneath . Exfoliation is important as well , if you do n't get the dry skin cells off you risk your pores getting clogged and causing acne . I used the entire bottle and now I use the 10x . My family and friends noticed a difference in my skin and have asked what I use . My skin was never the best growing up . I 'm happy I found this product , even though it is very expensive . The price made me hesitate at first , but I read as many reviews as I could from different websites and went for it .
 I have very sensitive skin . There are n't many products I can use without causing irritation . This product works and leaves my skin smooth .
 Excellent product , especially when used in conjunction with 3x & 10X . I really do feel as if I look younger
 Repnix5X is the best new product I 've added to my skin routine in ages . I 've been using it for one month . It has such a silky texture and you only use a little -LRB- one-2 -RRB- drops per application . I have n't had any skin drying or flakiness from it so I use it every day . I 'll definitely be reordering this product .
 I LOVE all replenix formulas ! The serums are thick and matte , and you get results ! I would suggest this to anyone who is looking for a Retinol serum . Replenix serums have a low alcohol content , and minimal fillers so a little bit goes a long way . These serums have helped me treat acne and wrinkles , give it a try but start low -LRB- 5X vs. 10X -RRB- because irritation can occur , I speak from experience .
 I really like this product for over 40 acne and wrinkles . If you live in a dry area , you 'll need to limit your usage . I took it with me to Arizona for a week and my skin became very dried out using it every day , but in a more humid climate I use it daily . It is expensive , which is why I only gave it 4 stars .
 My dermatologist sells this to me for $ 80 . I use it every night after cleanser , especially around larger pores . It tones and calms my skin down and prevents pimples , while the AcZone treats existing pimples.Will always have this in stock .
 I needed to buy a new 5x serum and have been getting mine for over 7 years at my doctor &#8217; s office . That no longer was convenient so I searched for one to buy online . This product transitioned perfectly into my routine without any peeling , flaking or redness . It was a seamless switch and the price was lower than my doctor &#8217; s brand . I intend to stick with this retinol !
 My face feels smooth instantly ! I will order this again ! Does not irritate my skin like other retinol products ! I will order more of their products !
 This is a well designed wash / bath mitt featuring the popular children 's television character Strawberry Shortcake . It fits well and comes with a hook for hanging as well as small loop at the top . It has a lot of nice detailing , including the strawberry ribbon at the top , which is a nice touch . It comes with a tag designating it as authentic Strawberry Shortcake merchandise . It is made of terry cloth and is very soft and comfortable.As for the idea of using this as a gift bag , that seems really more like a marketing gimmick than anything . I do n't really know who would give this to their kid filled with candy or something , and then have them turn around and use it for washing .
 Hi I use this on me . I purchased at the local Rite-Aid . Smells pretty dam good and so soft but I wish it would be more creamier .
 I THOUGHT THE COLOR WAS BROWN , BUT I RECEIVED THE BAG IN BLACK AND STILL REALLY ENJOY THIS BAG . HAPPY !!!!
 I bought this bag to carry my toys on trips . It is great quality , look and feel and you can hide anything in plain sight with this bag .
 I use this bag for my closeup magic tricks . Good close up bag for magicians . Good quality . Nice way to transport everything for shows .
 If you 're looking for something that seriously suppresses your appetite then this product probably is n't what you 're looking for . It does take the edge off but I found it did n't completely take away my hunger and especially when I have PMS.There are some really good things about it though . I usually loathe instant coffee but this stuff actually tastes pretty good and best of all , it 's portable . You can take the packets anywhere you go . Even if you 're male , you could still stick a couple of them in your wallet.I have lost about 25lbs and I use this about twice a day . It does take the edge off my appetite , does n't give me jitters at all or interfere with my sleep and even though I 'm not actively `` dieting '' right now , it does seem to help me burn fat and has helped me keep the weight off.Bottom line
 The first day I tried Slim Coffee , I was bouncing off of the walls . I got on a bike and rode for 3 hours , then walked for 2 . I didnt ONCE think about food . Wether or not I lost weight between then and now , I do not know . Do I doubt it ? Not a chance . It tastes TERRIBLE . Thats the only thing I dont like . I dont like that there are no directions ... accept drink 2-3 cups a day . I recomend drinking two . If you feel the need for a 3rd one , then drink a 3rd one . No more though . You wo n't go to sleep .
 As an medical resident , I am strongly in support of this eye chart . One major advantage of this chart over other charts on amazon is that it has pupil size -- very convenient . The paper was thick and the printing was clear -LRB- as you would hope for an eye chart -RRB- , and the price is great . I just got this same one for my niece in the hopes that I can convince her to go into eye medicine : -RRB-
 This product was something I needed for nursing school . The product was delivered quickly and correctly . It works great for me and I am sure I will be using it for a long time .
 This item is used for quick visual acuity exams when other testing methods are no available . It is similar to what many use in training . I use it in a grab and go bag when I am asked to exams outside my normal office setting . For that purpose , it is fine . It is quite light weight , so take care n storing it so it does not get bent or folded .
 This eyechart is ideal for a quick and informal bedside visual acuity test . The patient can hold it as close to their face as they need to and simply read the smallest print possible , giving you an acuity without figuring what 6 ' away in good lighting is .
 I bought this to use when doing physical assessments . It has the pupil chart , the vision tester , on the back it has a ruler -LRB- which comes in handy -RRB- , and it fits in your scrubs pocket .
 At work the wall chart , keeps falling off the wall , Now I can check visual acuity more conveniently .
 Handy and pocket sized and objective in its ability to test near vision . I taped it to my clipboard , which seems to work well .
 We have used this small hand held eye cart more than once to encourage employees to get an eye examination and eye glasses.We have had employees who insist their eyesight is perfect ... . but the quality of their detailed work shows us different . When we pass this small eye chart around to other employees to `` play with '' , it quickly becomes obvious who has good sight and who-does-not have good sight . In every instance , the employee who had less than perfect sight with this eye chart chose to go and see an eye doctor ... . and they now accept the fact that as you age , you may need eye glasses .
 Compact . Utilizing numbers so there is less memorization as with standard letter charts . My optometric techs use these with every patient . Appears reasonably durable . Shipping was very fast and for the price you ca n't go wrong .
 I got this for my son 's doctor kit and it is just perfect ! It is a small , pocket size that will be just his size !
 This eye chart is very convenient to use given its size . I am a bigger fan on the full size Snellen chart , but this serves the purpose well when I do not have access to the full size chart .
 Fast shipment , great communication , would do business again . Great product , I use it everyday at work . I have it taped to the back of my nursing clipboard and it works great .
 If you need a pocket eye chart , go for it . Good quality , dirt cheap , and extremely fast delivery .
 For less than $ 3 you wo n't find a better deal ; plus it 's handy and will be helpful on my rotations in the hospital next year as a med student . My only complaint would be that I wish it had letters instead of numbers but I knew that before I bought it so as long as you 're aware of that , I think you 'll love it . Make sure you do n't spend more than $ 3 because some sellers definitely charge more
 If you need a pocket eye chart , this is a very good option . It is very cheap and is of very good quality . But , if you need a professional eye chart , then do not pick a pocket eye chart . Instead pick a full size one .
 Good value . I have yet to use it but it is made out of plastic and seems like it will last
 Bought for son for second semester medical school . Best trade-off between price and features . Read all other reviews prior to buying .
 got this for my daughters medical kit . She loves it and it is small for her hands and very easy to use .
 Handy size , good to have in my bag . I 'm a Teacher for Visually Impaired Students and this chart is handy to have around .
 Women 's Sizes : WalkFit Size A = Women 's 5 to 5-1/2 WalkFit Size B = Women 's 6 to 6-1/2 WalkFit Size C = Women 's 7 to 7-1/2 WalkFit Size D = Women 's 8 to 8-1/2 WalkFit Size E = Women 's 9 to 9-1/2 WalkFit Size F = Women 's 10 to 10-1/2 WalkFit Size G = Women 's 11 to 11-1/2 WalkFit Size H = Women 's 12 to 12-1/2 Men 's Sizes : WalkFit Size C = Men 's 6 to 6-1/2 WalkFit Size D = Men 's 7 to 7-1/2 WalkFit Size E = Men 's 8 to 8-1/2 WalkFit Size F = Men 's 9 to 9-1/2 WalkFit Size G = Men 's 10 to 10-1/2 WalkFit Size H = Men 's 11 to 11-1/2 WalkFit Size I = Men 's 12 to 12-1/2
 I purchased these at a retail store as a last ditch effort to seek relief from horrible heel pain I was having , later diagnosed as plantar fascitis . After the initial break in period , these supportive orthotics are my only source of relief from the pain that may take up to 1 year to resolve.These orthotics provide optimal arch support , not the cushy comfort of the traditional shoe inserts on the market . They are for those who truly need the support of an orthotic , as they may be tough to break in for those looking only for comfort . I recommend them to those suffering with foot pain or to active individuals looking to appropriately offload pressure .
 My personal experience has been that these inexpensive shoe inserts saved me hundreds of dollars , possible surgery , and a great deal of pain.The foot pain came on very suddenly . Intense pain in the arch in front of the heal . Much worse in the morning when rising from bed . I did not visit a doctor , instead I researched on-line . My diagnosis , plantar fasciitis.I tried soft shoe inserts from the drug store . No help . I visited a local store called Good Feet and found that their thin plastic shoe inserts cost $ 300 and up . I would have bought them on the spot if I could have been absolutely certain they would stop the pain . Then I saw the infomercials on TV . Basically the same product Good Feed sold , but for $ 30 . Why not try a pair ? They worked for me , the stabbing pain went away . At first the inserts were not comfortable , but the intense pain was gone , the discomfort was bearable . After several weeks , the discomfort went away too.My conclusion
 When I got my Walk Fit inserts , I tried the medium pads because I thought I had a high arch . I ended up with the low pads because they felt the best . They are very comfortable , but I have low back trouble and thought it would help ease my back pain . They have n't , but they do make walking easier on my feet and legs . I do recommend them if you stand or walk a lot . I do n't take my shoes off until I go to bed at night .
 I am in the 40 's . I developed a knee problem starting in my late 30 's and I was afraid of walking on stairs . I also had sore arches when I began to play raquetball two and half years ago . I tried various insole pads and sports creams , which did n't work . One day I saw the infomercial and ordered one pair . I have worn them ever since because they have taken pain off my knees and soles completely . Now I can play hard on the court thanks to them .
 I bought these as a last resort before seeing a podiatrist . Though not diagnosed by a Medical Doctor , I am sure I have plantar facitis . I am a nurse and am on my feet for at least 12 hours daily when working . Just before they arrived , I had so much foot pain that I considered calling in to work until I could see a doctor with the problem . The first day that I put them in my shoes I NEVER took them out . It was uncomfortable for about 2 days , but not as bad as before using the inserts . Within 3-4 days my foot pain was gone . I now wear them all the time . I use the mid-level arch insert which comes with them . The only problem I have with them is that there are only certain shoes I can wear with the orthotics-and so far no sandals and I must wear them all the time or the pain returns . But , the pain relief I have recieved has been worth it . They may not work for some , but they are worth trying if you have severe foot pain as I did . They saved me a few hundred in medical / doctor fees . I am very happy with the product and will eventually order more . I have had them for 2 years now and they have held up well .
 I `` had '' planter fasciaitis so bad I could n't even walk in the morning when I got out of bed . My feet would get tired and sore all the time . After purchasing these my life changed ! YOU MUST follow the directions on how to use them at first ... GET THROUGH the break in time ... it is sooooo worth it . I have n't had any foot pain in well over a year ! I now have 5 pairs of walk fits for all of my shoes and boots ... I could n't live without them . The nice thing is that every pair of shoes you put on will feel the same because of the walk fits . Try them ... you will NOT be sorry !
 I have been an insert buying crazy gal trying to alleviate foot pain due to my fallen high arches . I almost did n't buy these because I did n't want to spend another $ 20 on something that was n't going to work . I am so glad I got them , and have been walking painlessly ever since I 've gotten and used them . A return to my old life of hiking , taking walks and sightseeing has been the happy result.I do know that if you do n't have high arches , they will be very uncomfortable as my husband tried them and he has flat feet .
 I was consistently having lower back pain . I would visit the chiropractor and feel good for about a week , then the back pain again . I tried Dr. S pads , and they did n't do much . I got the walkfit , and for the first week it felt like I was walking on rocks . Not comfortable at all . After the first week , I got used to wearing them . These made my lower back pain go away . After several months , I stopped wearing them . Recently , I have started having the lower back pain , so I started wearing them again . Again , had to get used to walking on rocks , but again it helped eliminate my lower back pain . I think they are worth purchasing .
 Found these items to be useful in sustaining the arch of the the foot . Takes abit of getting used to them , but are quite comfortable once that has occurred .
 I have problems with my feet from time to time and these are a good fit . I do n't use them constantly but they definitely give good support when I need it .
 This product is so portable and easy to use . Wearing time is required , but , there also comes with it 3 levels to choose from as you get accepting of the wearing time and you can go at your own tolerance . Trust me this is very much worh the time and effort and I would highly reccommend this product to my friends .
 These insoles are great for an alternative to the ` Boot ' method for planters fasciitis . Though I am not in the medical field , these insoles do help to stretch the tendons in the soles of the feet . Sometimes the feel of planters fasciitis is in the sole , and sometimes it feels like a bruised heel . This product helps to alieviate both in this case , when followed to its instructions .
 great product , helps with all the problems . We ordered this second pair for our grandson as the first pair of walkfit insoles helped tremendously .
 I heard about WalkFit from a freind.I had 2 different inserts from my doctor and was not getting relief for my plantar fascitis . My heel pain lingered for five months . I started using WalkFit and at first was they were uncomfortable . I did n't give up and worked my way up to the firm insert . I had some therapy and also used an arch support strap and after 4 weeks , I finally have no heel pain.I ordered another pair and have them in my golf shoes and in my sneakers .
 They hurt at first so i stopped using them for a while now i do n't really feel them much unless i walk for more than 20 min . I use them once in a while now . They are less than $ 20 so what can you expect ?
 I HAD FLAT FEET WITH A COLLAPSED ARCH AND WAS WALKING WITH A CANE . MY ORTHODONTIST SAID I NEEDED AN OPERATION AND WOULD BE OFF MY FEET FOR 6 MONTHS . I USED PHAZE4 ORTHOTICS INSTEAD AND AM FINE AFTER 3 MONTHS .
 Ca n't say enough about how well these work.Foot pain relief came almost instantly !! After one wearing during an 8 hour shift , they were broken in and my pain was gone .
 The Walk Fit inserts felt like I was walking on a potato sized rock . I tried them in several shoes , tried the hour at a time break in and nothing helped . These were not the right product for my foot.However , I gave them to a friend , and she nearly wept with the immediate relief they provided from the pain of her plantar fasciitis . She has n't worn shoes without them inserted since , and is telling all her nurse co-workers to get them . -LRB- She 's nearly stopping strangers on the street to sing their praises . -RRB- They 've continued to provide her blessed relief more than a month later.So , on a scale of 5 stars , I 'd give them and 1 and she 'd give them a 10 . Guess that averages to a 5 .
 In my regular shoes these felt hard and uncomfortable , but when I put them in the right shoes -LRB- Skechers sport premium , wide width -RRB- they are great . I can wear them all day .
 This product works as advertised . I have high arches and they have helped relieve some pain I was experiencing in my heels . Just be aware they will feel very uncomfortable for the first day or two until your foot becomes accustom to these insoles .
 I have used this product before and the results were very good.This seller provides speedy shipping and a good price .
 I have Plantar fascitis and I have been feeling so much better since using them .
 I had multiple sports surgery to my knee and had knee pain , with possibility of replacement . I tried walk fit and the knees gradually improved , pain reduced and now I have no pain . I do not know how or why they work , but it was the best $ 20 I have spent . I now own 3 pair and would not go out without wearing them . This is for real .
 I have high , long arches , and I am on my feet all day , every day . I 've been using these for three years . They are great for arch and metatarsal support . I love the full support they give to my arches . Did n't take long to get used to them , and now I do n't want to be without them . I have several pairs for as many shoes as will work . So much better than any other supports I 've used , including custom ones , and even Birkenstock shoes !
 I run and walk everyday for exercise aside from my daily activity . I thought pains in my knees , lower back , and calf muscle was because I always overworked my lower body.I found out that I have hyperextended ligaments on bottom of my feet.Although I 'm not a traditional flat feet but affects me when I walk or stand ; my foot arch does not stay arched.I decided to give this product a try after reading reviews of other comsumers.When I received it there was an instruction informing what needs to happen.Fortunately , I felt the comfort the very first day without going through adjustment as the instruction said.I no longer have knee pain , hip pain , and back pain.My overextending arches , of course , feel like they are being constantly deep-massaged . I gues this is the part where other users say it requires getting used-to . I did not know how walking could be so easy.I even put them in my in-home slippers because Walkfit works for me.I love the part where I can change the height of the insole from low to high.I can tolerate them with my barefoot but I love them more when I wear them with socks on .
 they do take a bit of getting used to , but after that , they feel great !
 The product is fine and delivered as advertized . However , I order -LRB- 2 -RRB- pairs at the same time . One for me and my wife . I feel the ordrs should have been combined and charged a one time shipping for the items , instead of being doubled charged for the shipping !
 Product is working for my foot pain . It has taken a few weeks but now I am seeing improvement .
 I tell everyone I talk to who has sciatic nerve problem or metatarcil problems that these orthotics are incredible , and much , much better than the ones I paid $ 500 for at the Good Feet store . I had an orthopedic doctor who was going to cut the nerve between my toes to eliminate my excruciating pain , but luckily I tried these first . I have very high arches and they were n't getting enough support . Anyway , yes , I do take all the inner soles and arch supports out of every shoe I buy and I put another flat rubbery sole on top of the walk-fits and I walk in heaven . I can carry my grand kids , and heavy groceries up my steps without pain . Spent a fortune on Dr. Scholles and it was all a waste of money .
 These othotics have helped my feet . I was having foot pain and was miserable at the end of the day . Now , my feet are much , much better .
 I spent $ 150 on custom made orthotics from the chiropractor in July . In November , they came apart . I had grown accustomed to having the arch support and my knees sounded off with a cricklety-crack and then became sore on the inside edge for two weeks . I simply had to find something else , but I sure could n't afford another $ 150 to only last another 3 months . These had decent reviews and came with the three sets of arches in case I did n't rate my arch correctly . After being off of the original orthotics for 3 1/2 months , it felt once more like I was walking on golf balls . I went down one arch level to medium and kept wearing them . The pain went away for me after three days . Feeling like one is walking on golf balls is true for any orthotic , so it is important you give any orthotic a well-deserved amount of time to get your feet acclimated . The chiropractor told me it could be 24 hrs to a month before my feet would quit complaining about the lump under the arch . Be patient ! These are a great buy and so far are helping me every bit as good as the $ 150 models . I 'd buy them again . It 's worth it to have good support . I might buy more so I do n't have to switch them out from shoe to shoe . That 's the beauty of it when they do n't cost a small fortune . I certainly do n't see these wearing out any time soon , either . Good product !
 This is a great product . Be sure to break them in by wearingthem for only an hour or two for the first 3 to 5 days . If you do n't they will be uncomfortable and you will get frustrated . Breaking them in softens them up and flattens them out so they will fit right .
 These orthotics are the best for the price . I 've used other similar ones that cost hundreds and the Walkfits are just as good for lots less . I no longer suffer from foot and heel pain and can be on my feet all day , pain-free , with the Walkfits .
 I have an outside job . I walk an average of 8-12 miles everyday . Before i bought these i had so much trouble with sore feet and my back would ache every night . since i have purchased these i DONT have back pain from walking anymore . I have purchased a pair of these for every shoe i own I dont leave the house without them ...
 I got this as one of the gifts off my wife 's xmas wish list . She loves this thing . It helped her recover from the planter fascitis she was experiencing . She now uses it on which ever shoe she wear daily for an extended time.We had gone to a `` custom fit '' shoe/orthodic store first and it would have costs much more then this one for a set . So we were very happy to find this one .
 I was suffering from knee pain . I walk 12 hours on concrete and my knees were getting worst and worst until I found this great product . Also the price is way less than other similar products .
 This product works for me . I believe it could help you too . I work on my feet long hours and have used inserts for 15 years.It takes time to get used to them so follow the instruction . Four stars because I have used other inserts and I think they all do the same thing , -LRB- though the height adjustments are pretty good and others do n't have them . -RRB- Look for a good price .
 Walkfit saved me from continuous pain.I have Plantar Fascitis -LRB- heel spur -RRB- and tried everything . The Orthopedic doctor gave me Cortisone shots , custom made orthopedic insoles for $ 250 . Chiropractic treatments - none of those helped . As a last resort I got the Walkfit.After a few days of getting used to the inserts the pain lessened somewhat . Slowly it got better . Now - a few months latter I have no pain at all . I do start to get pain when I do n't wear the inserts so I try to walk only with the Walkfit.Great product for Plantar Fascitis .
 EDIT : One year later , I am less impressed with these . The plastic has warped , and the arch is no more -LRB- and I am not exactly a heavy person -RRB- . I consider the price to be rather extravagant since these deteriorate so quickly . I think that Walk Fit might be aware of the problem . It seems that the new supports are made of a different type of plastic . ______________________________ I know a school teacher , who is on her feet all day . She 's the one who introduced me to these , and she swears by them ! I 'm a college student and I live off campus , which means that it is a one mile walk to class and back . I 'd been having aching feet and tight calves , but this has helped so much.Honestly , leg and foot stiffness and soreness is a thing of the past . Just make sure that you follow the instructions and break them in slowly . I know someone who ignored them and put the high inserts in and wore them all day . He hurt himself so badly that he through them out . After hearing me gush , he bought another pair , and broke them in properly . Now neither of us goes without them . They are very easy to transfer between shoes , and I have , on occasion , managed to fit them into some low heels . They will make all of your shoes fit the same , and fit right . I only wish I 'd had these when I waitressed as a summer job ! $ 20 -LRB- the Bed Bath and Beyond price -RRB- is a lot to shell out , but it will be a one-time purchase . I 've been using these for four months , and I 'll never go with anything else !
 I had hurt my ankle while running and the pain went away immediatley when I put these in my shoes
 I developed serious heel pain in one foot and tried different insert products that were too soft to offer any support . Went to the podiatrist ... plantar fasciatis ... and he gave me the green superfoot -LRB- ? -RRB- insert . I have a high high arch and those did nothing . I had seen these in the store , but they looked really uncomfortable , but I finally caved in and bought them . When I first put them on , , OWWWW , , no way could I walk around in them . . but I did . After a few days I loved them , it has been almost a year and I wo n't go anywhere without them . My podiatrist was unfamiliar with them and did n't like that I preferred them over his product . He thought these might cause other foot problems in the long run , but all they have done for me is relieve my arch and heel pain.Yes , they will hurt and seem uncomfortable at first , sort of like some new shoes may hurt your feet until you get used to them . Still , the relief they will provide is worth the wear in period . Actually , it is kind of a good pain , like a deep massage on the bottom of your foot . Hurts so good . But that will go away and it will just be a great support for your feet .
 I bought 2 pairs of these . I have one in my walking shoes -LRB- SNEAKERS -RRB- and one in my slippers . I have Plantar Faciitis and needed something to give arch support especially in my flat slippers . At first , they were quite painful to use . The pain was mostly in my arch because that 's where all my weight was pressing on the WalkFit . They come with three insert heights . I started with the lowest and as the arch pain decreased , I have increased to the highest insert . I still have Plantar pain , but nowhere near what I used to have before the WalkFit . If you have the same foot condition , do n't give up on these right away due to pain . They are hard plastic but they need to be to support your arch .
 I had a pair of these for about three years and somehow missplaced them . I missed them so mutch that I had to get an other pair to replace them . The day I got the new pair I found the other pair in the toe of the pair of shoes that I had not worn in a while . I love these insoles they sure help my back from hurting and I wo n't do with out them . Worth every penney , however I paid more for the first pair from a tv ad . I wished I thought to check Amazon first .
 I had torn cartilage in my right knee repaired 10 years ago with less-than-satisfactory results . I have had continued bouts of pain emanating from my knee that made walking any distance more than about three blocks almost impossible . The pain involved my entire leg , from the ankle into the lower back . Then , about a year ago , I developed plantar faciitis in my left heel . This is an extremely painful condition that practically had me hobbled altogether.Through some stroke of luck , I caught a late-night infomercial for WalkFit Platinum . I never believe these paid commercials , but in the state I was in , I figured all I had to lose was the $ 35 it was going to cost to try them out . So I ordered a pair.They arrived just a few days before I took my family to a nearby amusement park . I was following their break-in schedule and was only up to wearing them two hours/day , so I did n't wear them to the park , although I had them with me . Within 10 minutes , the pain in my leg had me looking for places to sit down . After an hour , I could n't take it any more . I slipped the supports into my sneakers and stood up . No pain . We started walking around . No pain . We stayed several more hours , walking and standing as circumstances dictated . No pain , other than a slight discomfort in the arches of my feet . It was unbelievable.I do n't pretend to know why these little pieces of plastic -LRB- or vinyl or whatever they are -RRB- provided such dramatic , immediate relief . I do n't know that anyone else will experience the same relief I did . All I know is what they did for me , and it is almost miraculous . I am back to walking a couple of miles every day , like I used to before the knee surgery . Once in a great while , I still get a little pain in my knee , but it is not nearly as bad as it used to be . 98 % of the time , there is no pain at all . That 's all day , every day.When I switch shoes and forget to transfer my magic insoles , the plantar faciitis and the knee pain both flare up in short order , so I know what these are doing for me even now , almost a year later.I can not even begin to express the amount of relief this product has provided to me . I was in almost constant pain and had all but given up on ever walking normally without further corrective surgery . I started using WalkFit and it was like having a pain switch suddenly turned off . I 'll never be without them again.This was easily the best $ 35 I ever spent in my life and would have been a bargain at 10 times that price .
 I spent $ 500 on `` custom orthotics '' from a specialty foot shop . These are basically the exact same thing at a fraction of the cost . They really do relieve foot pain and I could n't be without them . They do take a couple of weeks to get used to while the tendons and ligaments in your feet adjust to them . But it is well worth it for the miles and miles of pain free walking you can do afterwards . I recommend that you buy shoes with removable insoles and then you can place these orthotics under them . My personal favorite shoe for walking or running is Saucony Grid Cohesion running shoe/sneaker . These shoes have a shock absorbant injection molded midsole and a removable cushioned insole over top of that which is perfect for placing the WalkFit Orthotic under . I have spoken to marathon runners who say there is no more comfortable shoe to walk or run in than this . I whole heartedly agree . My job requires me to be on my feet walking all day and this shoe/orthotic combination has worked wonders for me .
 Just received my replacement Phase 4 insoles as the last 2 pairs began cracking after 10 years of use . The replacements are the new and improved Walk-fits and are even better than the Phase 4 's . I encountered no problems in reporting the life time guaranteed Phase 4s and requesting that replacements be made . All was done quickly and pleasantly.I 'll continue to be a lifetime customer!Bob TempleSisters , Or .
 I was given these as a surprise . I am still amazed by how well they fit and feel . They are every bit as good as my prescription orthotics . I plan to get a pair for my stepson , too .
 I did the 3 day walk for 60 miles . I saw infomercial 5 days before the walk and bought them . During the walk , my arch was hurting . I put these in and it saved my foot ! I could n't keep them in for more than a few miles cause they hurt because I would think they just need to be slowly worked in to get used to . But I was worried I would have a hurt foot , and with these , my arch does n't hurt and I made it through . So glad I found these !
 I bought these for my husband . He is on his feet everyday for work and these really help him with the pain in his heels .
 My present order was for two pairs to place into my running shoes and my work shoes . Bought a pair of Phase 4 Orthodics in a major pharmacy chain store about 10 years ago and I 'm still using the old ones to place inside my golf shoes . I have nothing but praise and complete satisfaction with the way they 've worn over the years . Walking , jogging , sprinting with them gives me a solid and stable feel . The reason I bought two more of them was that I just got tired of pulling them out of the shoes from one to the other . Now I do n't have to do this with three sets of Phase 4 Orthodics . At the beginning it took a while for me to get used to the raised arches but now I do n't wear any shoe without them inside . I did n't give it 5 Stars cause I believe that nothing is a `` perfect score , '' however these orthodic inserts come pretty close .
 I have worn different types of orthodontics but even though these do n't look like they would be comfortable ; they really are . One needs to get use to these a little slowly but they have only made my ankle feel better . I ordered two pair and keep them in two different pairs of shoes .
 I like these and they work for me . You have to make sure your sock does n't ball up as you put your shoe on -LRB- especially with boots -RRB- and they can initially feel like you have a big rock in your shoe but you have to use them a bit and you forget they are there . The advantage for me is that I have flat feet and sometimes I can roll my ankle to the inside . Because of the way these fit they pretty much prevent this from happening when I 'm hiking downhill over steep terrain . I use them in normal work shoes too and they seem to help my feet and add support . I would buy them again . The first pair cracked in the heel area after a lot of use .
 I 've been using them for about 8 years . Ca n't believe how much they help . I love them !! I used to work at a bank and on my feet all day . I started using them then and now wo n't go without .
 Hurt like crazy the first three days , but my back felt better immediately . It might have been because of the new pain in my foot distracted from the pain in my back . I only wore them around the house on the low setting for about an hour a day the first two days . Then I gradually started to use them in longer walks and I am even running in them now with hardly feeling the pads . For the past ten years I almost always had back pain after every time I ran . I only feel slight back pain now after running that usually goes away after a couple of hours . One recommendation I would make to a new user of the foot pads would be to use an old pair of shoes where the arch is already worn out . This will cut down on some of the pain until your foot adjusts .
 I have had plantar fasciitis for approx 1 year . I have tried multiple inserts and shoes without relief . Upon recommendation by a friend I tried the phase 4 orthotics . After following the recommended usage instructions over 1 week my pain resolved . Try it , it works !
 Got these for my husband and son . They love them . Nothing else works !
 I have a lot of problems with my feet and ordered WalkFit when I developed Plantar Fascitis . Because this condition causes heel pain , I thought they might help . The WalkFit product helped me a lot . I wear them especially when I have do a lot of walking , especially on cement floors .
 These inserts work better for me than the custom inserts I had made . I have severely flat feet from years of doing courier work , on my feet for 10-14 hours a day . These inserts put my feet , ankles , and knees back inline . They also help with lower back pain . The only complaint I have is because they are so ridged , they tend to cause heal pain by the end of the day . For me it 's worth that discomfort for the other benefits . If you 're not use to wearing ridged inserts . They will take some time to break in and get use to . I owned a pair of these year 's ago and could n't wear them because they were very painful . Now that I am 40 years old and my feet are worse than they were then . These are the best solution for me .
 I had found these inserts at a local retail store about 3 years ago and thought they would never work because they were hard plastic . I had tried everything I could think of for my plantar fasciitis and nothing worked until these . They relieved my foot and arch pain almost immediately.I just bought 2 more pairs after completely wearing out my original pair after 3 years . I use them in any enclosed shoe -LRB- thin and easy to insert into any shoe -RRB- . I 'm at the gym 6 days/week and these inserts are awesome !
 I was skeptical too . I had heel pain on my left foot and some strange pain in two of the toes on my right foot . Within minutes of putting these in my shoes BOTH pains diminished !!! They feel a little strange when you first insert your foot into your shoe , but you will get used to it.Mine was the G size I think -LRB- 10.5 -RRB- I write back in a few weeks and let you know how I am doing ... but so far ... . I am ready to buy more so I do n't have to switch them into other shoes that I own !!
 I 've used WalkFit Insoles for 7 or 8 years with great results . As the instructions say , it takes a few days -LRB- or more -RRB- to get used to them . It took about a week , and I have n't had heel pain since . Amazon gave me an excellent price and quick delivery to purchase additional insoles . Easy shopping !
 Wear these Othotics anytime that I will be on my feet for several hours . Cured my plantar fasciitis with exercise saving me several doctor visits .
 I purchased my original Phase 4 -LRB- what the Walk Fits were originally called -RRB- many , many years ago . I do n't know how long ago exactly , maybe a decade . At the time , I was experiencing foot pain when I walked . Rather than pay mega-bucks to get tested and then probably get a custom shoe insert , I decided to give the Phase 4 a try . It worked . The pain went away completely.This year , I noticed that the Phase 4s were looking flat . Over the years , the plastic had worn down . I probably should have replaced them some time ago . Anyway , I found that the Phase 4 has been upgraded to these Walk Fits . I purchased a pair to give them a try and am *** very *** happy.My old Phase 4s had worn down so much that using the high option for the Walk Fits actually took some getting used to again . So , I did what I did the first time
 Having arthritis in my toes and a brusied heal this is the first insert that has helped both problems . I even have a pair in my house slipprs.Fast shipping ordered on December 20 , with normal delivery request and received them on December 24 , wow , did n't expect that .
 I am on my feet all day so I have to wear Danskos or Sanita Clogs for comfort . Untill I discovered these wonderful orthotic insoles . Now I can wear sneakers as well . I wear them all day and I use the low arch support which is very comfortable . My only issues is I will have to start buying shoes a 1/2 size bigger so they can fit . Love them and I would recommend them to anyone who stands all day .
 These orthotics are the best . They help stablize my feet so that I do n't get crippled up by just walking for a few hours a day doing whatever needs to be done in my daily life ! I also purchased some for my son and they 've helped his feet be more comfortable also . Such an affordable price from Amazon , I was amazed at the low cost , this really was a special purchase .
 It 's now 2 years later ... 12/28/2012 ... I still wo n't go anywhere without them . I can still walk for miles with out pain in my knees or feet . I have the automatic shipment every 6 months so I can replace them and get rid of `` feet smell '' . I pull the inserts out of the shoe every night upon retiring so they 're nice and fresh in the morning . I 'm now 65 and ca n't say enough about them.My wife on the other hand , tried them for her continuous standing on cement . They did n't work for her , but even the expensive shoes have n't helped . Standing on cement 10 hours a day , rotating side to side ... I guess there is no cure . She has spent hundreds of $ $ $ $ on different products and doctors . . NO CURE.From fall 2009 until fall 2010 I could hardly walk . I camp and love to walk the woods and hills of Wisconsin . I could n't . . it hurt to walk 30 feet . I tried every store bought and even tried one $ 200 pair of inserts . Bought recommended pairs and brands of shoes . Wanting to hike again , I finally gave in and ordered this `` cheap `` Walkfit Platinum Orthotics - Size F -LRB- W 10-10 .5 / M 9 - 9.5 -RRB- pair of inserts . Knowing they were n't going to work , I figured that I could afford to lose $ 20 . To my surprise , not only did they work , in 3 days -LRB- using their instructions of gentle break in . . few hours a day -RRB- , my feet and knees almost quit hurting . That was 2 months ago . I will NEVER go without them again . I 'm pain free in my knees and especially the heels . I also wear Lugz shoes , which I 've worn for years , so that was nothing knew . The only change I made was the Walkfit Platinums.I can now RUN , walk as far as I want , without pain . I 'm 63 years old , so of course I blamed it on old age . It was n't , I just needed the walkfits . The secret is making sure the heal of the walkfit is in the heal of the shoe properly . I put them in my shoe , insert my foot , then before tieing them , I stomp the heal on the floor to make sure it did n't slide forward , tie securely and remove my shoes about 14 hours later everyday . NO pain heals or knees . Thank you walkfit !
 I usually take Royal Jelly which you consistently take you fell your energy stays at an all time high . with this product also including bee pollen I get more bang for the buck than purchasing royal jelly alone
 Thank you for your excellent product . I hope to buy more in the near future . This product is very good for my mind and body . Thank you again .
 Solaray - Lutein Eyes , 18 mg , - - Have used this product for over a year ... I would not be without it . . I can tell every time that I forget to take it in the morning ... My vision is better and collars are more vibrant to me ... A+A+A+A+A +
 Fast Shipping ! Will definitely get all my herbal needs here . Great quality , great price ... I was very pleased .
 Second round of ordering these , and so far , I have yet to be disappointed . I 've got people glancing at my chest and giving me some nice -LRB- though not really necessary -RRB- attention due to having some lovely lady lumps . ;P Definitely recommended !
 it 's seem that it 's doing something since I feel that my breast hurt when I 'm going to bed , It was my first sign when I took female hormone , sensitive they became and it feel like the same but do n't see any change in size , too early yet to see change in size .
 Item came packed to the brim with ground dried leaves . A solid product to be sure.It tastes disgusting no matter what you do with it , but it 's supposed to . There 's a reason the Book of Revelations regards the seas turning to wormwood as a bad thing .
 This brace did its job unfortunately I ordered it too big and it would slide down my leg . The materials were good and if I ordered the right size I 'm sure I would have used it more
 I ` m very satisfyed with this product and would love to order from you again ... :--RRB- -RRB-
 This brace did its job unfortunately I ordered it too big and it would slide down my leg . The materials were good and if I ordered the right size I 'm sure I would have used it more
 The reason that everything was better back when everything was worse is that when everything was worse , it was actually possible for people to have experiences that were a pleasant surprise . Nowadays , the world we live in -- we affluent , industrialized citizens , with perfection the expectation -- the best you can ever hope for is that stuff is as good as you expect it to be . You will never be pleasantly surprised because your expectations , my expectations , have gone through the roof . The secret to happiness -- this is what you all came for -- the secret to happiness is low expectations .
 Optometrist has changed my prescription because my eyesight has improved with regular use of this herb combination . I 'm definitely a believer now !
 The Solaray Lutein Eyes seem like a good buy . The vitamins work well and are cheaper than in stores . I plan to buy another bottle from this seller .
 This Shampoo is very mild , smells delicious , but the best part is how shiny and soft leaves the hair.My son have fine hair , so a lot of the toddler shampoos make his hair dull.With this we notice the change in the hair from the first wash.Recommended
 I am allergic to coconut and this is one of very few shampoos that does not contain cocoamide or other coconut products - so although I 'm no toddler this is what I use.This is a good mild shampoo that leaves hair shiny without being weighed down . This product is not a moisturizing shampoo , so I regularly use additional pre/post-shampoo conditioning products for my long hair . As with most shampoos scalp build-up does occur over time -LSB- depending on skin chemistry , climate & time of year -RSB-
 My daughter had brain surgery and needed almost half of her head shaved . We have both been taking Biotin with nice results , but she ca n't swallow pills . She LOVES these !!
 Product was good price & shipped promptly . It does not dissolve in the mouth like most lozenges do . I end up just chewing it . It has a very light peach flavor to it . I would recommend this items to others .
 I wish I could find this in the store . It is the best biotin I have used yet . No problem with the taste .
 Nature 's Way is an excellent brand for all your vitamin and herbal supplement needs . I have used this brand over the years and have never been disappointed Thanks Nature 's Way .
 This variety of St John 's Wort seems to be more effective than any others I 've tried .
 Taste good , good value . I purchased this for running marathons , I also use it when I am biking long distance . It is good , and I think it is cheaper than the individual gels .
 Hammer products are all good except the Solids . The solids are to dry , which Hammer mentions . The gel tastes good and works . I pour it into a flask and use it on my long bike rides.I have n't felt any spikes from it and it does n't seem to amp me up .
 I was kind of hesitant to order Hammer products from anywhere other than their website . Some of the photos on Amazon looked like old , previous labels . Happy to report , received product with new packaging and an expiration date as expected , in 2014 . Awesome product for athletes .
 I 've been on a low calorie diet and found it difficult to pack in the macronutrients necessary for a healthy , balanced diet while keeping my calorie intake low . Hammer is a great source of complex carbs with no harmful additives . I take it just before my evening cardio workout and I feel terrific . I use this in combination withOptimum Nutrition 100 % Whey Gold Standardprotein supplement as a post workout recovery beverage . I also take both soluble and insoluble fiber supplements to supply what Hammer lacks.If you 're planning a low calorie diet , please note that none of the supplements I have mentioned are all-inclusive sources of nutrients . Your needs may vary depending on your weight and other factors . Be sure to consume nutritionally dense , whole foods as part of your program and use good judgment . : - -RRB- I chose Hammer Gel in Montana Huckleberry . The bottle arrived sealed and fresh . The product was sold by MadAthlete and fulfilled by Amazon . Good stuff .
 As a runner , based on recommendations from fellow enthusiasts , I 've made the switch to Hammer products and found their products work well for me . For long runs , using the jug , I can fill my gel flask making nutrition intake more convenient rather than carry individual hard to open -LRB- especially when sweaty -RRB- gel pacs .
 I always struggled with the use of preworkout supplements in the past , particularly before going to MMA training . I struggled in the sense that I could n't go without them because I felt that they gave me a necessary edge over my competition . Now I just take this stuff along with a cup of coffee before training , and consequently I feel a million times better than I did when taking preworkout supplements . I am now able to spend a very long time on the bag , then immediately begin full contact sparring . In the past , I would always begin feeling weak and simply horrible by the time sparring began . Thanks to this stuff , I feel as if I could go all day . Seriously . I do n't think it 's placebo .
 Bought this to go with myUltimate Direction Gel Flask Clip-on . The taste is pretty good . I 've been usingGu Energy Gel , Chocolate Outrage , 24-Countfor a while since I started running . It 's easier to fill the gel flask using the Hammer Gel but I 'd like it more if it were not as thick . The GU 's are just not as think and are easier to get a serving . I 'll probably buy this product again but maybe try warming it up in the microwave or under some warm water before heading out .
 Your body has a finite amount of `` ready to use '' energy -LRB- blood sugar , liver glycogen , etc -RRB- . Fat calories are pretty much a constant burn rate . Go faster , you use more blood sugar/liver glycogen . Go long enough and use use up the `` ready to use '' and the next source is protein . If you have run a marathon and `` hit the wall '' , then you know what running out of the `` ready to use '' energy feels like.When I go longer than one hour , I like to bring calories with me to avoid this . The hotter it is , the more those calories tend to be liquid -LRB- Gatorade , etc. -RRB- . The cooler it is , I like the gels and a little water to dilute them to keep absorption good . If you eat too much gel and not enough water , you will get nauseated . Drink plain water to dilute to get rid of the feeling.I will rotate through different gel products for taste issues , but especially like the hammergel . Especially by the bottle to fill up flasks . Nice to have 500-600 calories in the palm of my hand during a run.Been using this product for several years for running , biking , and triathlons up to the Ironman .
 This keeps me going during a long bike ride . I have tried several of the flavors and Orange is my favorite .
 I have always loved Tropical gels so I was happy to be able to buy them in bulk here ! The caffeine helps me get moving !
 Used this in a hammer flask for a 3 hour race and loved it . It is much easier than having to open a new pouch every time you need one . I would absolutely recommend it , especially if you are racing for 2.5 hours or more .
 I love all Hammer Nutrition products . This Gel works perfect for me . It has a good non-flavor and a smooth consistency . GUI 's and some Gels flavors cause a gag reflex with me especially after 3 or 4 hours walking in an event . Hammer products work great for me with no cramping side effects .
 another excellent product by Hammer . good taste for a gel and goes down easily . I do endurance sports and use Endurolytes and both the gels and endurolytes help sustain my long hikes .
 I got my 20 oz . bottle of Tropical gel and used some right away . Seemed to do me just fine on an hour-long run . The taste was n't great , though . I was a little surprised , though , to find caffeine -LRB- 25mg -RRB- listed as an ingredient . It was very surprising considering that the Amazon description states that the only flavor with caffeine is the espresso one . I feel a little cheated there since I wanted something without caffeine . The Hammer website does show caffeine , so it 's Amazon 's fault really . I 'll try another flavor next time .
 If you have never used this type of product , it is to fuel longer workouts , where your body is too busy running/biking/canoeing / whatevering to use a lot of resources on digestion . You need something easy to transport , easy to consume and easy to digest . Hammer Gel does this better than any other gel I have tried and it tastes better than the others , too . I have used it for everything from bike rides of an hour or two , to one of my fuels for adventure races up to 72 hours.Hammer Gel is primarily maltodextrin , a complex carb that breaks down easily . That makes it very easy to digest , even when you are on the move . It is very low in simple sugars . A touch of electrolytes . Multiple flavors . I personally think that apple cinnamon is great . -LRB- As a teammate exclaimed when I introduced her to it
 I have used Hammer Gel for climbing Mount Whitney -LRB- 14,500 ' -RRB- in a dawn to dusk hike ; for lesser mountains but longer climbs such as Mauna Kea -LRB- 13,500 ' -RRB- on the Big Island of Hawaii ; and , for 5K competition races . I particularly like that it is ultra low sugar so you do not get insulin spikes . Also , you can drink it right out of the container without mixing , if you so desire . I think all the Hammer products are great and recommend such for serious athletes or active persons who spend more than two hours climbing , running , jogging , bicycling , kayaking , swimming , windsurfing , etc. .
 i initially got it for my wife who was running a half marathon -LRB- which she did -RRB- . She like hammer gel over other brands due to taste and on her first training session with it , due to performance also.i have a store in my town that sells it for the same price so now i buy it there , and we both use it for every workout .
 I have been using Hammer Gel for almost 15 years as a fuel source for mountain biking , backcountry skiing , running and mountaineering . I particularly appreciate that Hammer Gel provides consistent energy and is easy to carry and consume with refillable flasks.I first used Hammer Gel when I guided a client on the Grand Traverse in the Teton Range in Wyoming in 1998 - a technical traverse of 10 peaks , including Teewinot , Mt. Owen , the Grand Teton , Middle Teton , South Teton , Cloudveil Dome and Nez Perce . Prior to the trip I searched for fuel/food that could sustain me for three days while keeping bulk and weight to a minimum . I took a bit of a gamble with Hammer Gel , considering I had n't used it before , but it worked really well for me . I found that I could get the carbohydrates I needed over the course of the day and experienced a consistent level of energy . Hammer Gel was my primary source of fuel ; I supplemented with dehydrated meals in the morning and at night . I also liked that it was easy to access , even one-handed -LRB- useful when belaying -RRB- , had a pleasant flavor and could easily be mixed into a water bottle . My experience with Hammer Gel on this trip was something of a seminal moment for me in that I learned how proper nutrition could contribute to mental alertness and consistent energy levels.Since then , I have learned to include protein on extended efforts and have incorporated Hammer Nutrition 's Sustained Energy , Perpetuem and Whey Protein Powder . Along with Endurolytes -LRB- electrolytes -RRB- , I feel that I have a fueling system that is convenient and covers my nutritional needs in the mountains as well for training . I also appreciate Hammer Nutrition 's commitment to quality ingredients , overall health and consideration for the environment .
 Not too sweet and with a caffeine boost . My go to gel on long runs . If you like coffee this is the gel for you .
 This gel provides me the nutrition I need to sustain my performance during long rides . This large bottle makes it easy to use with a flask so I dont need to deal with the individual packages
 I love Hammer 's Montana Huckleberry Gel . It tastes great and it 's easy to eat . I highly recommend this product .
 It came out of the bottle as thick as chocolate syrup . It did n't mix well with water at first either . After running for a mile or so with the mixture bouncing around in my nutrition flask it was ready to consume . It tasted like chocolate milk and went down easily . Please drink water after it .
 I bought the gel -LRB- apple cinnamon flavored -RRB- along with the capsules and powder to try to help with my electrolyte imbalance issues at competitive trail ride events . I 've done 2 in the last week and the first one was on a chilly day when I did n't drink enough and I ended up still having a headache and leg cramps at the end . This past weekend though I made sure I stayed on a schedule with everything and the difference is just amazing - no leg cramps , no excessively sore muscle and almost no headache . This was a great investment for me .
 From reading MuscleMag I got the tip of taking , what ever the ingredient in this stuff , along with `` waxy maize starch '' and Dextrose would help put on size ... And in my opinion it does ... I 'll also take Creatine and a Protein drink ... Along with an assortment of various pills ...
 This tastes great , does not require mixing with water , is low in sugar , and for only 90 calories per serving gives 23 grams of carbohydrate.Often I go straight to the gym from my office in the evening before I eat dinner . I used to eat a protein bar to get me through my workout and then 5 mile run on the treadmill . Now I just take one serving of gel before my workout , and another serving before my run , and I am fine -- no hunger pains , and much less calories and sugar , but more carbohydrates , than a protein bar.When I do my 10 mile runs outdoors , one serving before and one serving midway gives me all the energy that I need . I noticed a difference right away from the energy level from the protein bars that I used to eat . The gel is superior , and requires no time to digest.I highly recommend this product . I also suggest buying the regular flask -LRB- not the more expensive pliable one -RRB- that Hammer Nutrition sells for as an easy way to carry and consume this gel.Update October 25 , 2011
 i 've used hammer gel for many years , ever since i did an exhaustive reading of several cycling messageboards , adn found that hammer gel was just about the top rated gel amongs users . sometimes i 've bought Gu gels becuase they do tend to be cheaper , esp . when you can find them on sale , and they suffice , but hammer gel seems to give me a little more energy , especially this espresso flavor with the caffeine load.I use either for inline speed skating races -LRB- always -RRB- , and quite often during training for the same , or while doing running training , esp . when i feel i need a little get-up-and-go . The espresso works wonders in this regard . In fact , it works ` too good ' and i have to watch that it does n't become a mandatory part of every training workout.Though many suggest taking it with water , i have n't found it necessary , and i hate to carry water bottle , so i take it straight.Best to take a little a few minutes before starting and then once or twice during workout . For races , best to take as recommended , and they do suggest intervals on the instructions.The bottle does save a few bucks , but sacrifices convenience . Bottle allows for partial shots . on one order -LRB- rom REI -RRB- , i found both bottles to require thinning with a little water since it was very thick - no problem to accomplish . Personally , i go with the bottles , and carry a few of the packets in my sports bag in case i ever forget the flask or just run out.I love this stuff , and it does give a kick to my workouts . It will also save your workout big time if you ever find yourself bonking . That 's why i originally got it , but i use it more generally now .
 I have switched from GU to Hammer Gel . I like the flaver better and it is not quite as thick which is a plus . I am impressed with Hammer 's research and attention to detail in the preparation of their products .
 I love this gel . I like the flavor and love the energy . A 5 star product in my eyes . Hammerheads and bonkers alike rejoice !
 I use this gel when cycling . It delivers on the promise of keeping blood sugar stable . I have type 1 diabetes so that 's really important . The taste is pretty good -LRB- Espresso -RRB- . I usually do n't consume caffeine so the 50mg per serving is a little high for me , but I switch to the Chocolate flavor halfway through my rides so that 's not too much of an issue . I bet those two can be mixed without being disgusting , though I have not tried it yet.I use this with the GoToob Sky Blue Medium 2oz tube by humangear . Works well .
 So far every hammer gel flavor I have tried is delicious , but apple is my personal favorite . It does n't make me feel as thirsty immediately after drinking it and it taste like apple pie filling!As far as performance goes , it does seem to keep my energy levels up while I 'm out hitting the trails . I just wish there was an easier way to take it while mountain biking . I 've tried a couple of different flasks , but they were both difficult to manage without loosing pace . I usually have to slow down to keep from making a big sticky mess of myself .
 Excellent ! I am relatively new at distance running . However , Hammer Gel provides needed energy on long runs , without any upset stomach or uncomfortable feeling of fullness . It is not overly sweet , so its easy to tolerate . I have n't tried too many Hammer Gel flavors , but I definitely like huckleberry . I 'll buy this again when this bottle runs low .
 I use the Hammer Gel primarily prior to practice when I am crunched for time and need to get some calories consumed . I paddle with Lanikai Canoe Club on Oahu and this stuff gives me the energy to endure a long 2 hour practice . I believe the Montana Huckleberry is a new flavor and it sort of tastes like a blueberry/grape mixture . Overall , I am satisfied . Will come in handy when paddling the Molokai Hoe 2010 .
 On the last leg of a hard training ride a shot of Hammer Gel keeps me strong to the finish .
 I was skeptical because I had recently quit Ambien cold turkey due to side effects and dependency , and was again experiencing a lot of trouble falling and staying asleep . I had been taking benydryl to put me to sleep but that was starting not to work either . I picked a small pack of this up at the health food store to give a shot , since it was pretty cheap for 12 gels . Low and behold it worked ! It relaxes me similar to ambien , but not as immediate and dramatic . Hopefully it will continue to work for me . My insomnia is more of an inability to turn my thoughts off , like I will lay awake replaying conversations I had at work all day long .
 I went on ambien when I was going thou a stressful patch going thru a divorce , home sale , changing jobs , major relocation . My Dr in my new city did not believe that I needed Ambien anymore and I panicked thinking I may never get a good night 's sleep again ! I tried melatonin and it worked slightly but I was afraid of the effects of long term use on natural production . Deep Sleep was recommended to me at my local food co-op and I bought a 30 pill bottle . I 'm telling you ... it 's a must try . It does n't knock you out like Ambien but it makes you so relaxed and wake up so refreshed . I will not go without it now !!!
 I am so glad I discovered this product on amazon ! i used to take 4 prescription meds just to be able to fall asleep and hopefully stay asleep.i am only taking one prescription now that is for anxiety and sleep plus this Deep Sleep . I sleep so much better now and do n't wake up in 4 hours likei did when taking ambien . i wish i had known about this product years ago ! Wish I could give it 10 stars : -RRB-
 I have had insomnia for years and have tried everything on the market . This product really works . I take one about an hour before I 'm ready for sleep , and in an hour I 'm completely relaxed and ready for bed . I 've used it now for a couple of months , and it 's still working every night .
 I had insomnia for months and tried many things from over the counter to prescription sleep aids and Xanax . I saw a doctor on tv mention this so I thought I had nothing to lose . I take it every night but also added 100mg 5-HTP , it finally did the trick !! I still quite often wake up once per night but the big thing is that my mind is able to relax and I can get back to sleep . It is worth a try without any concerns .
 I have struggled with sleep issues for years . I have never found a `` natural '' sleep aid to help , but this one has done the trick . It does n't have melatonin which I 've found really messes with my sleep cycle . I take two of these before bed and have a noticeable improvement over the course of the past month . They do n't knock out you , so do n't expect that . I find that they relax me and make me more susceptible to falling asleep and sleeping through the night.It has n't been perfect - I still have had a couple of occaisions of poor sleep in the past month , but I used to have bad nights 3-4 times a week prior to starting these . In addition to taking these pills , I have used a lightedPhilips HF3510 Wake-Up Light , Whitealarm clock . The combination of these two have me on a regular schedule of sleep , I have improved from about 5.5 hours before to 7 hours now . This may not work for everyone , but I feel a million times better . I will continue taking these for the foreseeable future .
 This product was recommended by a worker at a health food store . She said it was the one people kept coming back to purchase . Getting a good night 's sleep is difficult for me as I ca n't shut my thinking off . But this product works for me and I like that it is gentle and natural , a big plus . Additionally , I found the Amazon price to be a bit better than the store offered . Ordering through Amazon , was also more convenient for me .
 I love these for a gentle aid in getting to sleep on those occasions where I need it . These give me no ill effects , no grogginess the next day , just good sound sleep . I will buy these again soon .
 Recommended by my sister , whom as tried many different products . Do n't take it every night , but on those nights where you are to tired to sleep or have a 1000 thoughts running through your head , it does seems to make it easier to get to sleep .
 It 's GREAT & it 's natural ! ... enough said ! But since you require more words , GREAT , GREAT , GREAT , GREAT , GREAT , GREAT , GREAT , GREAT !
 Deep Sleep is a pretty good product . I bought this for my wife and she likes it , but it does n't work quite as well as advertised .
 Due to chronic , severe pain in my back and hips , I literally have not slept for more than an hour or two a night for years . It was suggested that I give Deep Sleep a try and the results were astonishing . I am now sleeping most of the night and as a bonus , this suppliment has also helped me with my back pain I experience only when lying down . Even he narcotic type drugs did n't do what Deep Sleep does . Truely , this product has been a God-send for me .
 Out of all the natural sleep products I 've tried that are not drugs and do not contain melatonin , this is the best so far . Even supplements with a higher dosage of valerian root did not work as well as Deep Sleep . -LRB- Valerian on its own still works , though . -RRB- From what I 've read , in many cases a blend of sedative and calming herbs work better than a single herbal extract . This may explain why this product is so effective with me . -LRB- The same is true for the old formula of the Bob Marley Mellow Mood drinks . -RRB- Sometimes a single capsule is enough , 30 - 60 minutes before bed , and sometimes I need to take an extra one after the first capsule brings me to a calmer level . As always , if your house contains too many stimulants , the effect can easily wear off or not occur in the first place
 I have been using this product for aobut 7 months after a health food store employee recommended it . I take two each night at bedtime -- it does n't put me to sleep immediately , but I have many fewer sleepless nights . -LRB- I 've tended toward insomnia since puberty and am now 66 . -RRB- Absolutely no hold-over the next day . If you have trouble sleeping and want something that has no after-effects and no tendency towards habituation , I recommend you give this product a try . Amazon 's prices are only slightly better than the health food store , but the delivery makes life SO much simpler .
 I used to sleep only 3 to 4 hours each night . When I wake up , I used to take a half tablet of ambien to help me make other 3 hours . It was kinda a torture when I wake up very energetic after 3 hours during the night , then force myself to sleep again with the help of the ambien . In my way of looking for an alternate solution , I found Deep Sleep , and I decided to try it out . Since I used this product , I can do now 6 or even 7 hours of sleep in one shot . I take one pill one hour before I go to bed , then I take another pill immediately before I go to bed , and that 's it . For almost 4 weeks now , it is working great .
 im one of those people that NEEDS my sleep , but im also one of those people who is very sensitive to sleep disturbance . Lets say my sleep pattern is 10 pm every night well if I go to bed at 1 am on a weekend because im out late well then my sleep pattern is thrown out of wack and I have a hard time falling asleep the next few nights , my mind races and I get frustrated just laying there . So needless to say when I travel out of country im pretty sleep deprived for awhile ! Well not with these pills , they do take 3 days to work really effectively but they DO work , they calm my mind and allow me to really relax and I just fall asleep and STAY asleep , I dont wake up at 3:30 am wide awake -LRB- which im usually prone to -RRB- but best of all for me once im on a great sleep balance I dont have to take the pills until I mess up my sleep pattern again , these would be great for those who work crazy shifts and cant really have a regular sleep pattern . Oh also and a tip I noticed another reviewer mentioned nightmares . I find when I take supplements and end up with nightmares I just stop taking it for 1 week and then start up again and I no longer get the nightmares .
 I find my brain ca n't stop reeling after a hard day at work . For whatever reason , I tend to think about my short term , middle term , and long term goals before I go to sleep . I end up laying and thinking for up to 2 hours instead of sleeping . With this product , I fall asleep within a half hour of taking it . So I still think about what I need to do , but my thoughts slow down so I can get to sleep in a timely fashion . You are supposed to take one an hour before bedtime and one at bedtime . I just need one and I fall asleep within a half-hour .
 I have been using this product for almost a year after wanting to find an alternative to ambien . I love this product and cant sleep with out it .
 This product reliably helps me sleep . I have found that it does need to be taken as directed , which involves some forethought . It is relatively expensive , but I 've tried nearly everything on the market and this not only makes me sleepy -LRB- but not groggy , I could wake up and function in case there was any need to -RRB- it does seem to help keep asleep through the night .
 Great sleep aid ! I wake up without any ` hangover ' effect . For best results I take 1 one hour before bed and then 1 when I crawl into bed . I have taken them for about two months now and wake up feeling like I did when I was a kid !
 These orthotics are excellent . My feet were finally pain free and I did n't have to go to the Podiatrist -LRB- my next step if these did n't work -RRB- . I 've previously used ` superfeet ' in all my shoes , but they just did n't help any more . Thanks to this product , I 'm back on my feet again .
 These have the best support I have found other than my made-to-fit orthotics from my foot doctor . I love the 3 different choices that are included for low , medium and high support .
 RELIEVED MY KNEE PAIN IMMEDIATELY . ORDERED A COUPLE MORE SO I 'D HAVE THEM IN EVERY SHOE . A REAL KNEE SAVER IF YOU ASK ME .
 After experiencing foot fatigue and pain from hours on the concrete ramp at work , I did some research and bought these orthotics . As per other reviews they take a week or so to get used to , and they were placed under the work boot insoles . The pain and fatigue is gone . Enough said .
 I have plantar 's fasciitis and two heel spurs . The podiatrist sold me an orthotic for $ 25 which did a pretty good job in the beginning , but not good enough . She wanted to put me in specially-made orthotics for $ 500 . I decided to do a little investigation on my own . I ordered this particular orthotic , started with the low , and am now up to the high insert . This is the best possible thing I could have done . It feels so good , the pain is gone and I can walk again ! I even ordered a pair for my house shoes . They put my feet in the correct position , and help me walk right . I LOVE THEM !!!!
 Great product ! Worked for my foot pain problem . After a short `` breakin '' period I was comfortable with the inserts and my foot pain went away .
 I gave the product four stars because these do work to help get rid of pain . Not only in the foot , but the knees and ankles as well . I felt some relief almost immediately . Arch supporters are probably a good ideal for most people who stand and walk alot . If you 've never worn arch supporters , it may take some getting adjusted to . These particular insoles are firmer than most , but do a good job.These items do n't weigh much . Heck , they 're light . In a single shipment , I ordered 2 pairs and paid almost 12.00 in delivery charges . I think that is blatantly greedy . I have paid less than 12.00 for heavy books . This company can be as greedy as it wants , but they will never get another dime of my money . After I placed my order , the more I thought about it , the less I appreciated it . This seller is actually the manufacturer . I like the product but , will not purchase from them again , period . I shop with Peora , another seller based in California . They ship free of charge . I do n't mind paying for delivery , but I do n't expect to get ripped off either .
 I was not able to work without pain due to problem with my plantar fascia . Putting these into my shoes has made all the difference . Takes a little getting used to but I would not have a pair of shoes without them .
 These inserts are terrific . They are a cost effective alternative to custom fit orthotics from the doctor and they work very well . As others have mentioned , they must be used correctly . NO cushioning in the shoes -LRB- take out the insert that comes w / the shoe and add the walkfit -- if you have an shoe where the insert does n't come out -- you CA N'T use this product with that shoe -RRB- . Now this creates a problem in that you have to cut the top half -LRB- the part by you toe -RRB- of the old insert , put that in your shoe , and then have the walkfit right behind it . You do n't want these pieces to overlap -LRB- this can cause discomfort -RRB- and you do n't want a gap between them -LRB- also painful -RRB- so I have learned the art of cutting the insert that comes w / the shoe just so . Some people mentioned sliding as an issue and mine once did that as well -LRB- i used duct tape -RRB- but they no longer do this -LRB- my foot has changed shape ? I am better at cutting the toe part ? -RRB- . It is also important to note that YOU MUST CHOOSE THE CORRECT ARCH LEVEL INSERT-LOW , MED , OR HIGH . I started using the med level and this worked well . I always thought my arches looked pretty high so I changed to the high insert - VERY PAINFUL - no amount of time could get me used to this . Using them at the correct level , in the right way , however makes these insert invaluable . It instantly changed my posture , relieved back and knee pain , and just plain made walking/jogging easier -LRB- my muscles felt as though they were propelling me forward , and walking did n't feel like so much ` work ' -RRB- . I would recommend anyone try these to see if it worked for them . When I try to walk w / out the inserts I experience pain in my knees within 5 min and notice a profound difference . I wish that the product did n't wear down so quickly -LRB- I replace them in all my shoes once a month for best results -RRB- and that it would come w / a seamless cushion for the front part of the foot so I can retire as a cobbler or whoever makes shoe inserts fit .
 After discovering price of similiar product advertised nationally I ordered these and the results were immediately . My foot pain disappeared within a week .
 I HAVE USED MANY ORTHOTIC PRODUCTS , INCLUDING SPECIALTY CAST-FORMED -LRB- PLASTIC -RRB- PRESCRIPTION PIECES.THESE ORTHOTICS ARE SUPERIOR IN EVERY RESPECT . I HAVE FIVE -LRB- 5 -RRB- PAIRS NOW AND AM ORDERING TWO MORE TODAY .
 I use them 2 years ago.Treadmill 5 miles run , play Squash and Soccer.Knee pain is gone . I recommended them to my brother for back pain .
 My mom had her gall bladder removed years ago , after which she started having serious problems with her liver . I was delighted to find this storefront and the various wonderful herbal products they carry . My mom swears by this tea , and says it has improved her health 100 % . Although it is extremely bitter , she says she is willing to tolerate the taste for the relief it gives her . If you suffer from digestive ailments , gall and liver problems , this is a highly recommended remedy!This seller is great to work with , honest and reliable , with prompt , courteous responses by email or telephone . A + + +
 The shoe covers were exactly as ordered . It took a little longer than I anticipated to receive them , but there were no problems at all with the order .
 this product is not flashy , but if you do n't want contractors or workmen dragging mud and dirt into your home , these baby 's are a requirement .
 This pill holder makes it easy to separate up to a several good sized pills . It easily fits in jean pockets and stays closed . The material is durable and has n't shown any sign of cracking or of the hinges loosening even after a dozen excursions .
 If you want these for dog grooming , I highly suggest them . They leave a smoother finish and the blades glide through dog hair a lot faster than plastic combs . Do not use these blades under a 40 blade . Only use them under a 30 or 15 . The 40 blade is too delicate for these and the mfg suggests not using the 40 blade .
 love these combs . They cut so smoothly . Those junk Andis blue plastic combs do n't even rate next to these , and I wo n't use anything else , except for maybe Laube . I just wish they came in more sizes .
 I have taken NAC for my sinus problems for several years and it realy works , A retired Pharmacist told me about it
 I have been researching ways to help my mild Pulmonary Fibrosis , and research shows that 600 mg three times a day of this can help .
 I 'm using it for my immune system and am hoping it helps . I saw it on a tv show by a Dr.
 used to have to get this by prescription ... this is so much easier & cheaper . I order it & it is here in no time , thank you
 Same as what you find at whole foods or any other health shop . I bought it because I read an article about how it can inhibit symptoms of trichtolomania . It did not work for me but does not mean it wont work for you.As it says on the back , nothing has been confirmed by FDA .
 My mom was diagnosed with HER2 + lump , mast and lymph removal . Someone told me about these drops and she was allowed to take them throughout her treatment . She always did really well and swore by these drops . Now she is off Herceptin treatment and we are hoping she stays healthy ... she is still taking her drops ... . thank you . . Nature 's Answer !
 I bought it to make my wedding invitations and wore the same elegant , fine and delicate . This color is beautiful and the quality is great . I am 100 % pleased with the product , besides recommending a website to download the calligraphy to use , so you can print them at home
 I wanted to start taking supplements to help thicken my hair-it 's really bad ! - and strengthen my nails . For me , this product works . It is n't like magic where the next morning my hair was akin to Rapunzel and my nails were beginning to curl they were so long . It has taken time to get there , and I am much happier waiting for the good results than speedily trying to slap a bandaid on my issues . It 's just like losing weight
 The reason that everything was better back when everything was worse is that when everything was worse , it was actually possible for people to have experiences that were a pleasant surprise . Nowadays , the world we live in -- we affluent , industrialized citizens , with perfection the expectation -- the best you can ever hope for is that stuff is as good as you expect it to be . You will never be pleasantly surprised because your expectations , my expectations , have gone through the roof . The secret to happiness -- this is what you all came for -- the secret to happiness is low expectations .
 I was satisfied with the order process and the product arrived within the estimated time frame which was perfrect during the holidays
 Looks and works exactly how it says . Excellent value ! GNC sells this product for $ 80 . Target sells it for $ 8 . I also love that the bottle is glass instead of plastic . I will purchase again .
 I 've had flimsy , flaky nails all my life , and this made them stronger . I can tell when I have n't taken it in a few days , though - they start to get flimsy again .
 great item that I have been getting for the past couple years but at a much higher price - I 'm so glad I found them here - savings ;--RRB- YAY
 My husband and I had been TTC for over a year when we discovered this product . We ordered two months supply for each of us . We started taking it and the very next month we are expecting our first child !
 I have PCOS and do n't have a regular cycle . I 've been taking these pills for almost a year now and this product has definitely helped with regulating my cycle . I 'm not sure if it 's really helping me ovulate , as my BBT charts are still a bit harder to read and confirm if I 've ovulated .
 Often it 's hard to tell if an herbal product is doing anything . Not this one . I 've read that Vitex is n't for everyone , and it 's contra-indicated for those on clomid , but I was having a very short luteal phase -LRB- 6-8 days -RRB- and the first month my LP went to 11 days , then settled at 12-13 days . I also felt like I had more energy and this may sound crazy , but mosquitos leave me alone -LRB- I read somewhere that this might happen and it did ! -RRB- Please talk to your doctor , acupuncturist , or naturopath before using as some ladies have reported not ovulating at all !
 This product Glucerna contains chromium picolinate which gives a slow rise of glucose , perfect to going from 72 to 103 but not higher.It does this within 10 minutes , keeping me from the ER . Free Super Shipping is great to.Tastes delicious .
 I enjoy the bottles of glucerna , and I like the strawberry . Sometimes blood sugars levels do n't warrant the entire container . The bottle makes it easier to adjust consumption w/o waste and/or a metallic taste .
 I like this strawberry flavor . It is not overly sweet like some other shakes I have tried . The price of these on Amazon 's auto shipment prrogram is fantastic compaared to anywhere else . As a type one diabetic , I drink these daily as my work schedule is quite unpredictable .
 The Glucerna Snack Shakes are awesome ! They are very tasty and just the right size . I have already lost 10 pounds using these shakes as meal replacements . The protein level is the best I have seen . Shopping through Amazon.com made my experience even better as I did not have to leave home to find this awesome product . Plus with Amazon.com . I never had to worry about the product quality or it getting to me . With limited time to look for bargains like this , Amazon.com is the only way to go !
 My mom is 86 and recovering from a stroke . Glucerna is the perfect product for her and she loves it.Glucerna Shake Strawberry , 8 Ounce Bottles -LRB- Pack of 24 -RRB-
 I like the taste and how I use it often as a snack to help me in my quest to have nutrition in my eating .
 I send this to my 89 yr old mother in Illinois whenever she ca n't afford the drink . She lives in a Mobile Home & lives on Social Security which is n't a lot . I talk to her quite often & she lets me know when she is low on money & I order from you . I am very happy with the UPS Delivery , as most times they know now that she is older & they will either leave the Box in between her screen & house door if shes not by front door when they come , otherwise if she is nearby & she can get to the door in time , they will bring it inside & put the box on her kitchen table where she can put it directly in her fridge . She is a Diabetic & loves the Glucerna Straberry 8oz Bottles in a 24 Each Box for only $ 40.00 & no shipping cost thru Amazon.com !
 I like the Glucerne diabetic shakes very much . The shakes are my breakfast , since they are balanced and control the carbs in the blood . I like chocolate , strawberry , vanilla and butter pecan . YUM !
 recommended by fellow students . Great for exams days when you 've had only 3 hours of good sleep . They work , right away , too . Do n't take them if you 're about to babysit a bunch of kids ; it 'll end bad , right away , too .
 I 've been using this brand of Caffeine for over a year now and I 've never had a bottle show up as just powder .
 These pills contain 200 mg of caffeine each . Compare this to about 48 mg of caffeine in Diet Coke or Mountain Dew . If you do n't want to drink soda drinks -LRB- bad for your gums -RRB- or ingest useless calories , take a caffeine tablet . These will really pick you up in 30 minutes .
 These pills dissolve as soon as it hits your saliva , activating not only the caffeine but the terrible aftertaste . It the same flavor recognizable in Mad Croc Gum , Jolt Gum , Five Hour Energy , among other products that add caffeine and have a less then desirable aftertaste . The pills easily get stuck in your throat so drink a lot of water with them . Would purchase again , but prefer the caffeine/green tea pills I was taking before .
 Pills are n't coated and can tend to be missing a bit on the edges . Overall good product . I do see that they just raised their prices $ 1.50 though . That 's kinda lousy .
 all i can say is this is good stuff , i will buy more from this business , great price for the bottle
 I 've been using these greens now for 2 months . I see a difference in my overall health . Also turned it on to a co-worker and he has more energy when he takes it almost immediately . This product may cost a little more but you will get 63 servings per container . I take this at night with a magnesium and it helps me sleep sound completely with the two combined . If you read the proprietary blend it is awesome no Extracts just straight greens . You also get 4 to 5 of your daily green per serving per Tablespoon . I 've compared this product with others and still think this is the best product .
 I ordered these to help with my Morton 's Neuroma . I really am liking the level of comfort provided for the area covered by the cushion . The only downside to wearing these is that sometimes if I do n't get the cushion positioned just perfectly , I 'll get an area off to one of the sides of the cushion which gets a sort of pinched feel to it - so I have to remove my shoe & sock to reposition the cushion . Other than that -LRB- which is really a small price to pay for being able to walk comfortably -RRB- , I am enjoying these .
 Not the most confortable . Does n't always stay in place . Still , I give it 4 stars because it gave relief to ball of my foot.Wash it as instructed , when clean attaches better to your skin .
 Who would have thought a little gel pack could heal my toe and ball of foot pain . This really worked . I wore it every time I ran . And it works if you place it properly - you actually have to place it lower on the ball of your foot than you might think . It arrived on time and lasts . Just rinse it after each time you use it so that it sticks the next time .
 I use these cushions everywhere ! They definitely do the job ... I wish they were slightly larger . I 'm on my feet with heels all day , so these are a must !
 I have had multiple neuroma surgeries and the neuromas have recurred , so I have significant pain in my forefoot . The only answer from the surgeon was cutting loose my achilles tendon , which I did n't want to do . These cushions really , really help and have allowed me to continue Bollywood dance . The glue is really surprisingly long-lasting after rinsing . However , if I use them without socks the edges get stuck on my shoe and can bunch up . So they ca n't be used without socks or barefoot . Combining these with using rocker shoes most days have kept me from pain and surgery . None of the 20 other products I have purchased at the store worked .
 I 've had several pairs of these in the past . These protect the balls of my feet and cushion them when calluses are present .
 The product is good enough to replace the similar discontinued by Dr.Scholls.It is a little more thick but better adherence.FootSmart Gel Callus Cushions
 Finally , a comfort gel pad that works ! I have tried numerous pads that you `` stick '' inside your shoes which never stay in place and ruin your shoes . You can place these gel pads right on your foot in exactly the spot that hurts . I wear them with my designer high heeled sandals as well as my hiking boots . They stay perfectly in place and are easy to remove and wash . They seem to stick better if you wash after each use . I bought some for my husband and they really help him too .
 I purchased a packet of these gel cushions last week & they are far better than I ever expected . I have metatarsalgia in my left foot at the inside edge of my second toe near the arch . It was sheer agony with every step that I took but these gel pads have completely alleviated my pain ! I had to position the pad a few times to get the perfect placement but once I found it I was good to go . They do stick very well but I wear sandals quite a lot and since mine is needed to be placed just below the ball of my foot I do use a couple of pieces of 1 '' clear waterproof medical tape to keep it in place . These pads work so well that I ca n't live without wearing one now & have already bought another set to have on hand . They wash up beautifully & are as sticky as new once they dry . I highly recommend these pads to anyone with pain in the ball of their feet ! They are very reasonably priced so do n't hesitate to try these for yourself before spending a lot of money on other pads that are fairly worthless and do n't give you the relief that you need to get back to living without foot pain.BTW - If you have pain in the ball of your foot near the arch rather than the toes - do not place these pads where they are shown in the picture but try putting them below the ball of your foot - not on it .
 I 've had metatarsal pain in my left foot with each step for 6 months . This product relieved the pain instantly . I would definitely recommend this product .
 Great product . Just as advertised . Adheres to the bottom of my foot and stays on all day . Very comfortable -- I 'm not even aware that 's on my foot . I highly recommend .
 I severely sprained my ankle and after the initial healing my middle toes started to bother me . It felt like they were being pushed forward and were hitting the front of my shoes . I had pain along my toes to the middle of my foot.I finally went to the doctor and he ruled out a fracture . He explained that in the same way your arches can fall so can the natural arch formed between the joints of your toes . He recommended insoles with a metatarsal pad built in.I ordered these but could n't wait for them to arrive so I made one with silicon . I squirted a blob on a piece of plastic bag , laid another piece on top and stepped on it lightly to let it take the form of my foot 's metatarsal area . Then I let it dry . This silicon pad worked . Placing it in the right location was the key . It gave me relief right away and my foot started to improve.The real pads arrived and they are a bit softer gel . One side has a surface that stays sticky so it adheres to the foot better , too . Again , the key is placing it in just the right place then you put your sock on without allowing it to shift . With a shoe on it stays in place all day without shifting.The real pads are softer then my homemade jobs and stay in place better but they are way over priced . I 'm sure they only cost pennies to make and ship . If you are not sure these are what you need try making your own first , with a blob of silicon .15 / 09/12I used this Gel Cell for quite a few months and experienced relief . The trick is placing it on the sweet spot , which is lower then in the picture . However , I found something that may have cured me ! I bought a pair Crocs style shoes at a department store but they have massage soles - like these
 I was doubtful at first but these things actually work !!!! SO HAPPY I FOUND THEM ON THIS SITE and that they are perfectly affordable !!!!
 I 'm so happy to have these , I 'm buying two more sets of them . I 'm going to take a trip to Europe and will be doing tons of walking . I want a spare pair here at home and a spare pair in my suitcase . I was a bit concerned that they would n't last well after washing them with cold water , but they come right back ! Sock link accumulates on them and a cold water rinse is all they need and they bounce right back .
 This product is comfortable , thin enough so you can wear any kind of shoe , washable and reusable . It does stick to your foot as promised . As far as offering complete pain relief , I think my problem neuroma will need more medical attention than this product can deliver , but it was worth a try .
 I love this . I was skeptical at first but I 've worn a full week already and I think it 's great . I wear heels to work and usually on the weekends do I needed something to actually help the balls of my feet more than any calluses . This fits right into the area where I put the most pressure . I was able to wear it with open-toe heels , sandals , boots and of course close-toe heels . After about 6 days of wear , it needs to be rinsed -LRB- it comes with instructions on how to do this -RRB- so that it will continue to stick without slipping from under your foot .
 I have been using the gel callus cushions for about three months . It is the first time I have had any real relief from pain on the balls of my feet . I get big callus that dig into the nerves I have paid thousands of dollars for all different types of shoes and things to put in my shoes . Sometimes I have had a slight relief for a short time , but this product beats them all . I was in so much pain that I almost gave up walking and was staying home . I am now able to do all the things I use to do five years ago . They do stay on your feet which at first I doubted . This is the best product on the market for matartarsalgia foot pain .
 I have been wearing the gell cusion for my left foot for only 4 days and the discomfort I was in had dropped drastically . I have a bunion that has shifted my weight incorrctly when walking and as such the ball of my foot takes more stress than it should . In time it builds up to unbearable pain when I get off work . I hobble at times from the discomfort and try hand massaging that foot area but it was so tender I could ' t do that for long . I used this product for 4 days , even in stocking feet around the house and I also bought the socks that have the toe separators in them and between the combination my foot pain barily exists . They hold to the foot very well and I have not had any shifting issues with it . It is not too thick or too thin and seem to do the trick . Wished I had known of these before instead of enduring such discomfort for so long . If you have metatarsil foot pain , these are well worth the money ...
 I really like these . I 'd been having metatarsal pain in one foot , and this cushion eases the pain when I walk . I 'd been looking for a cushion that I did n't have to attach to the inside of my shoe . These are nice because they adhere to the bottom of your foot , so they can be worn with any shoe . Plus it can be washed at the end of the day and re-used , the adhesive comes right back and the cushion stays clean . I place it just below the ball of my foot , where the arch begins . If I get the placement wrong I just reposition it . I 've had mine now for a few weeks , and it 's still comfortable .
 This is an excellent product if you have soreness on the ball of your foot . I rinse them every other day and where it all the time with all my shoes including my open toe sandals ! They are a Godsend !!!!! I have had them now for 6 months and they are still work perfect ! I would recommend them . I thought about buying a couple of packages but so far I still have the one package that is working just fine and holding up very well !
 I purchased the FootSmart Gel Cushion for my mother . She had a botched surgery several years ago and has minimal padding on that part of her foot . She told me these have been the best invention since sliced bread . They stay in place and do not slip around like other remedies she has tried . She cleans them daily and they still maintain the ability to stick in place . I 'm so glad I found them for her and give it all five stars !
 Wash and reuse over and over . The sticky surface comes back after every wash . I use these everyday for the Morton 's Neuroma and have done so for months .
 I have Morton 's Neuroma and am an active runner , considering running a half-marathon this fall . I found the more often and farther I run , the more regularly my neuroma acts up , to the point where it is a daily problem now , with pretty intense pain shooting up my toe when I walk . I went online to see what was out there for relief and stumbled across some positive reviews on several options so I bought a variety of them . I found I liked them all , including this one , the FootSmart Gel Callus Cushions , but this is my least favorite of the 3 . Just personal preference . The sticky back does come back every day after washing and drying , it does stay in place , it relieved the pressure on the nerve so I do n't have that shooting pain anymore so I found it to work ok but it just is not my first choice when putting on my shoes.I went to the foot doctor and found out I also have high arches and he recommended insoles -LRB- Powerstep Pinnacle -RRB- and what a huge difference they made in my overall foot comfort - most of the time all I need is the Powerstep insoles . I would suggest if you have high arches along with Morton 's Neuroma I would try the Powerstep Pinnacle insoles first -LRB- be sure to remove the original insoles in your shoes -RRB- . That is really what I found to be the biggest help - but shop around ! Prices are all over the place .
 Had pain in the ball of my feet . These helped and can be worn on the foot directly under a sock , so switching shoes is not a problem .
 I used to use this for my pet rats when they had mild mycoplasma or a cold . It was easy to feed to them and it worked wonders ! However , this product does thicken easily so make sure you shake the bottle .
 ok ok ... so maybe you do n't want a perfectly kissable pout , but this is a great product !! I have chronically dry lips , and this chapstick turned that right around . There is no color or flavor to this `` moisturizing lip treatment '' and has SPF 15 . It was able to soften up my dry , chapped lips in a couple of days . After trying this product , I bought eight more !
 I have constant dry lips it seems all year round and every time I put this on my lips it 's like instant softness ! This is a complete STEAL for less then a dollar ! There is no taste , no smell , has SPF , moisturizes instantly , and etc. . I use to think Vaseline Intensive lip was the best but not anymore it was only half as good and costed more .
 This has a slick not-goopy feel to it . It also has the SPF and is less than a dollar per tube .
 I love this treatment . My sister told me about it so I ordered it immediately . I does live up to the great recommendation she gave it . My lips feel and look so much fresh and younger .
 I love this product ! My lips felt like it had a sunburn because there was an annoying dry ring around it . Or it could be that I started using this other chap stick and it did not mix well with my skin . Whatever it was , it was NOT going away . I got desperate so I looked on Amazon and saw great reviews about this product so I ordered it . Within 2-3 days it healed up my lips . Well worth the price and I got 2 ! I highly recommend this product to everybody . Hope this review helps you : -RRB-
 This is a terrific product at a fraction of the cost of department store creams .
 I love this lipbalm . I use it when I go to the beach b/c it is SPF 15 . I am really fair-skinned and I get burnt everywhere . This lip balm does the best job keeping my lips from getting dry or sunburnt
 This is a good , sturdy bath lift . It works smoothly and the battery stays charged for a quite a few days . The bather is always in control of the rate of the lift and descent into the tub . The price on this is excellent . I priced bathtubs with built in lifts and they cost into the thousands . The only caution ; If your tub has any kind of patterning or graininess in the base , the suction cups wo n't work . The suction cups on the bottom of the lift adheres to smooth surface tubs only . On a smooth surface , the suction is very powerful and the lift is very secure . This is a good lift for injured or older people . A paraplegic person can use this . Using it allows for independence in bathing or bathing with very little assistance . The remote is very simple to operate . Set up is very easy ... no tools required . Battery needs a 24 hour charge before lift can be used .
 We purchased the Sterling 311 for my 74-year old mother because her chronic back pain made it impossible for her to get down into the bathtub , even with assistance . From the very first day she used it , she loved it . She is now even confident enough to use it without having to have someone with her.Before purchasing the Sterling 311 , we had reviewed both the walk-in bathtub -LRB- Cost
 My mother is 91.8 years months of age , 92 in June . I mailed this to her and later showed her how to enter the tub from the outside as was posted on a clip on YOU TUBE.com . She had a been stepping over the side of a 13 '' or higher tub curb to shower . She had not enjoyed a bath in several years . This is a - very sturdy unit - that made me feel secure when I sat on it while putting it together , assembly is also found on You Tube.com . When my child put on a swim suit and transfered from the outside to the inside of the tub and then took the remote and powered down . My mother was cheering on the sidelines ! My child has cerebal palsy and will also need a bathlift after I saw the ease of use for her . I do not live in my mothers area/country , but I feel like a million dollars to know she has more independence back . She lives alone , and has no qualms about taking a real hot sudsy bath again . If your loved one is closer to my mothers age , show this to them and show them the info movie on YouTube.com . If you can get them a model as I did , it will seal the deal ! Older people think electricity may be near . We charge in a completely different room , and then push the remote back on to the water proof cord . Hope this helps the young and the older who are a bit nervous about it . Also , her tub has an `` uneven '' bottom so I put plexiglass down first , and there is very little wabble . At any rate , it sure does not bother her ! She keeps saying , Wow ! I almost gave this away , I almost missed having wonderful baths again .
 It is what I wanted & needed . I am well pleased with it & the service .
 I have conductive hearing loss in both ears . The right ear was corrected through surgery , but the left one was not . I needed something to help me with listening in certain places where sound is intentionally kept subdued - like small discussion groups . This device allows me to hone in on weaker sounds . However , ambient noises can be distracting and confusing .
 It was easy to use although it is a little clunky meaning not sexy no creatively in design . The head phones and ear buds are really cheap . Sound quality is good but for the price I think they should make it wireless as well.Kind of hard to use for older person who has bad eye sight .
 My husband is deaf . He wears excellent hearing aids , but they do n't help much . We first used Super Ear Plus at our lawyer 's office ; they brought out a set for him to try . Up to this point , I signed or wrote down everything that was said . With Super Ear Plus , he uses it when we talk or visit , or when company comes over . He can hear everything . He puts the headphones on over his hearing aids , and it makes all the difference in the world . He has a hearing life back again . Just that extra amplification ! The second one he uses when we go anywhere , to business and medical appointments , and much , much more . What a wonderful technology ! We strongly recommend this to anyone who has trouble hearing . The volume wheel is very handy , and easy to adjust as needed .
 This product exceeded my expectations . It worked like magic and of course , I have recommended it to most of my friends . I have actually bought another one and given it out as a gift to a friend oustside the US and he 's eagerly waiting to experience it too . Its a great product .
 Use this product to gain a gentle way to clean out your liver !! Recommended by Naturopaths as the all natural cleaner
 This product was recomended by a health care provider for someone who has IBS it works great . It has reduced my taking alot of pharmaceutical drugs .
 This has a nice mild lemon taste and also has mate in it for energy , but I do n't get the jitters that I do from some teas . No bitter taste either .
 I chanced upon this tea , a mix of herbs and black tea , by chance . I drink herbal teas but never enjoyed them . I enjoy the flavor of this one . I would urge all to try it , you 'll like it ... A devotee of hot drinks , a scourge of the complex `` things '' they sell in coffee shops which require a recipe and instructions to order . . el viejo
 I was recently introduced to Numi Tea , and I had such a great experience I kept trying new flavors . Their tea actually tasted like the advertisement , which has never happened before . The lemon green tea tasted like someone actually squeezed real lemon in my cup . There was a toasted rice green tea that made me feel like I was in my mom 's kitchen eating the crispy rice on the bottom of the pan . My husband and I are now addicted to the honeybush , which is perfect for nighttime . Great experience so far .
 ***** Numi Tea Rainforest Green-Mate Lemon Myrtle Green Tea is a premium Numi tea , both certified organic and kosher . The ingredients are organic South American yerba mate blend , organic lemon myrtle , and fair trade certified Chun Mee Green Tea . There is nothing artificial in this or in any Numi tea.On the box , the manufacturer writes
 I really love this stuff , it lasts a good amount of time for a massage , makes skin really soft , smells great , and it 's not too strong , plus you can put it in the bath to make all your skin smell good and feel soft and silky !
 Following recovery from a leg injury wore TEDs on a plane and much walking in Las Vegas . My legs which always hurt in that environment did not suffer any pain and felt better than ever have after this . Will always use for this type activity . thanks
 T.E.D. Knee Length Stockings were delivered promptly , and are providingexcellent therapeutic compression . Are the easiest compression hoseto put on and take off , of all the different brands previously purchased.We are very satisfied , and will purchase more , as needed .
 Item was as specified , reasonable price , reasonable shipping , prompt communication , and adequate item description . Socks did exactly what it 's suppose to do , however , I would recommend you get the ones that go above the knee due to impediment of circulation at the knee which can possibly result in skin lesions .
 These arrived very quickly and were exactly as pictured and promised . I am very happy with the purchase as I was unable to get out to a store to make the purchase .
 The TEDs stockings are exactly what my Doctor told me to wear , and for less than half the price of retail stores .
 The quality sock it 's ok , soft and thin , and the delivery very fast . But the image it not the same that you expect receive . Did not have a tiptoe and heel . I brought it for my mom , and she said it 's ok for the surgery and when you stay in bed for long time .
 The socks were just exactly what I was looking for and preformed just how I expected . They are a great produce and highly recommend them .
 I would buy this product again . I am very satisfied with the quality and the price is very good . They are the same as what the hospital put on me after surgery .
 Worked well and were comfy for the job intended . If I needed to wear them longer , I would have ordered another pair , but with the entire foot . With the large toe missing , they could never be worn just alone in a shoe .
 I have large vericose veins and I find this product to be the most helpful . The open toe helps in not constricting the circulation in my toes leading to cramps . The band at the top does not roll or pinch behind the knee . I find that this works better than the support socks or stockings .
 I keep reading reviews about how this product makes people want to crawl out of their skin or get really paranoid . I WISH ! Unfortunately , I 'm one of those odd people that caffeine has the opposite effect . Instead of getting cranked and jittery , it makes me amazingly tired . Yay for adult ADD !? I thought that Zantrex 3 would work like coffee or Red Bull on me , and it did . I took 2 before a meal and 20 minutes later I was ready for a nap . But on the other hand , Benadryl helps me to wake up . Yes , inverse reaction to that too . So I started taking half a Benadryl or one Unisom Sleepmelt to curb the sleepy effects of the Zantrex and voila ! Four months later I am 60 lbs lighter and I have n't been happier in years . If you think this product wo n't work for you because you get tired off caffeine , try combining with a low dose of some kind of antihistamine and it should work just fine ... as long as diphenhydramine does n't knock you out cold . You might want to try this combo on an afternoon where you have no plans and can have the kids out of the house for a couple hours just in case .
 I always use these types of drugs for energy boosts , not as a daily supplement for weight loss . One capsule will keep you alert with no noticeable effects , where 2 will give you that jittery feeling for an hour or so . If taken before exercise , I tend to feel extremely warn out afterwards , but in a good way , like it just really enhances the burn . My water in take definitely increases when I take it . As far as other types of similar drugs , this pretty much falls in line with the rest .
 Really , though , this stuff is like an amphetamine . I used to work in fast-food , and one of my co-workers was taking this . She 'd share with me and we would be the most hard-working smiley girls in the store . I 'd take this stuff just for recreation.I bought my own supply of it later , and I lost 30 lbs in 2 months . My only exercise was my 20 min commutes to and from work . My friend lost 40 lbs , but she was actually going to the gym.I saw a lot of negative reviews regarding nausea and insomnia , but I do n't think the nausea affects everyone , and who sleeps these days anyway ?
 Those who insisted that this pill does not work is seriously full of crap ! If u are going to be solely dependent on this pill without moving your ass ! I am sorry ! You should not spend a dime on it ! This pill indeed speeds up your metabolism however without incorporating any exercise in your daily routine will just simply backfires . Trust me , it works for me I know many people will come up with ton of excuses trying to shun away from working out . For instance , too tired from work , too much work to do , not seeing results from previous work out so decided to give up ! Bullshit ! For this pill to work , you have to exercise . it does not naturally speeds up your metabolism . U need to work out , while working out it increase your metabolism rate to burn off those fats . Next stick on a low-carb high protein diet . Make sure you take sufficient of multi vitamins as reducing the amount of food causes some nutrient deficiency .
 I have a different situation . I have been in a phase of bulimia for three weeks . Desperate , nothing I could do would stop my ravenous need to binge , then purge out of fear and guilt . I thought if a pill could simply curb my cravings , maybe I could use the crutch to change . Lo and behold , the first day on this was my first day of no bulimic behavior . In three days , 3 pounds back to my normal wt -LRB- which is n't high -- but was going up -RRB- . I have n't been hyper , no insomnia , just some shakes the first few minutes . I purchased a high end bottle on line , and it is completely below the effectiveness of what I picked up at my Walgreens . I feel human again , and in control of how I eat , my health and body .
 I love theses pills !! I started taking these on Aug 1 , today is Aug 23 and I have lost 15 lbs to date -LRB- 175lbs to 160lbs -RRB- . After doing my research I decided to start out taking only 1 pill in the morning with lots of water . After the first pill I did not feel nauseated at all . I felt extremely energetic . I still take 1 pill a day but never later than 1pm , because I found that I have a hard time sleeping at night if I do . I am caffeine-sensitive so the one pill is plenty for me -LRB- I do n't drink coffee -RRB- . I must state that I do not believe that these pills are a miracle worker , they are simply giving my weight loss a boost . I exercise about 2-3 times a week for about an hour and I take the stairs instead of elevator and always park farthest away . I also eat what I want , but I do n't have bad eating habits to begin with . However , if I want a piece of cake , I will eat a piece of cake . I do n't deprive myself of anything , but again at the same time I make healthy food choices . To be quite honest , I do n't crave junk food like I used to . I think that losing this weight has had a positive impact on my food choices . I have tried just about every diet known to man and I finally feel that I am not dieting . If you are considering zantrex please try 1 pill a day to see how you react to it . I do n't have any side effects that some people say they have experienced . Again start slow to see if these pills are for you .
 I have no idea why this weight loss pill has such a low rating , I used this and so far iv ' e gone from 200 to 171 in about two months . Also I 've barely changed my eating habits at all . Im definetly buying some more .
 My husband took them as it says in the directions and WOW ! With moderate exsercise and diet he lost 30 pounds in a month . 6 months later he is still carring a healthy life style and has reduced his taking if this pill to once a day and has managed to keep his weight off . I myself am affraid to take it beacuase all I want to lose is a few pounds , not that many . So really if you need to lose lots of pounds fast this is the way to go .
 I tried this diet pill in 2003 after having a daughter I went from 180 lbs to 115 lbs.Now , I gain few pounds since , work and night school so , I plan on taking them again.They did make me have tons of energy and not eat but , I love the fact that I lost weight with ONLY this product.I have to be faithful to something that works.I take only ONE PILL since , I do n't want to go nuts to lose too fast.I 'm in no rush to be thin.Iam now 140 lbs and my goal is to be healthy 130 lbs.Having a family who has health issues , i do n't want to be one of them.So , do this for health reasons not too be skinny period for the fact that it DOES WORK FAST.In 2003 I lost total of 50 lbs and got scary skinny to 109 with 2 pills so . . This time I will try one pill.can wait to get it .
 I have been fighting with my weight my entire life . Ok not fighting , the weight was fighting , I was curled up taking a beating :-RRB- Due to a naturally low metabolism it has not been easy for me to lose weight . I do not eat a lot of sweets or junk food but still have not been able to lose weight . I began taking the Zantrex this Monday , June 25 . By this Thursday , June 28 I had already lost 4 pounds ! I have been exercising daily , drinking lots of water and watching what I eat . At first I took the recommended dosage of 2 pills . It made me jittery , but gave me loads of energy . As a mother of 2 who works full time and attends school I definitely needed it . I cut my dosage down to one pill , twice daily , which gave me enough energy to handle my household without the crack junkie side effects . It has been definitely worth it for me . I 'm sorry for all the other people who had horrible experiences . I hope you find something that works !!! Good Luck .
 I really love this product but like others i do not take the recommended dose . I would be jumping out of my skin if I did . When i am dieting i take one in the morning and one at lunch . None for dinner or i would be up all night long . I dont credit the pill for reducing the weight but i will give it 10 stars for giving me the energy i need to excercise which leads to the weight loss . I work an extremely long and stressful day and then i have an hour long drive home . By the time i get home i feel like i could pass out and sleep for days i am so tired , especially when on a reduced calorie diet . When i take the two pills a day it gives me the perfect amount of energy i need to make it through the day with enough energy at the end of the day to put in a 30-60 minute workout and still be able to sleep at night . I think everyone should listen to their body and adjust the dose as needed . Anything over 2the pills a day makes my heart do the tango but the amount i am taking does not give me any problems .
 Zantrex is a good and powerful weight loss and energy supplement , with proper use , diet and excersize you WILL lose weight and have extra energy . My suggestion however is to start slowly , this product contains a lot of caffine and is a dieretic
 I usually purchase these over the counter but I found they are alot less expensive online.I will continue to order these online .
 I 've been taking Zantrex 3 Fat Burner for about 2 weeks now and I 've lost maybe 5 pounds . It 's great as an appetite suppressor . I take two capsules in the morning , drink lots of water , eat maybe a granola bar or two for breakfast and that 's all I need until lunch where I 'll take two more capsules and have something small like a salad . If you do n't mind a product that makes it so you just do n't feel like eating , it 's great . I almost never feel like eating dinner and when I do it 's just some soup or something small . Whereas before I was chowing down like a pig.I recommend this to anyone who 's problem is over-eating .
 I LOVE this product and highly recommend it to anyone . I 've been using it for 3 years now . My normal weight is about 110-115 and my senior year in highschool I started to put on weight and got up to about 140 -LRB- not too heavy ... but I 'm very short and small framed -RRB- I started to work out and change my eating habits but I could n't get below 130 . Zantrex helped me kick the last 15-20 lbs . You still need to watch your diet and stay active but it helps give you a boost . I lost it all in about 2 months ... I was very happy with my results . My only suggestion is that you drink A LOT of water with it or it will make you extra jittery and sometimes you will feel sick . These side effects go away after a couple of months of using it ... and it 's worth it .
 I 've been using Zantrex 3 for years and prefer it much more over other products I 've tried . I mainly use this product for an energy boost for my busy , stressful job . I only take 2 in the morning and it 's enough to keep me energized throughout most of the work day and keeps my mind more focused on the tasks at hand . I also used it several years ago along with a strict diet and exercise routine , and lost 35 pounds and got down to a size 4 . It 's does n't work as well on loosing weight after your body gets used to it , but overall I thinks it 's a great product !
 I do n't usually write reviews but I think it 's unfair that this product has such a low rating ... I LOVE this stuff ! Yes , I had to give up coffee in the morning - but it 's worth it!I started off with just taking 1 pill at a time about 3 times a day before meals because I did a lot of research and some people had up with reactions because they 're allergic to Niacin and did n't know it -LRB- red hot flushing face , etc. -RRB- - I only felt myself ever just get a little flush if I did n't eat until like an hour after taking them.After about a week I bumped it up to 2 at a time -LRB- as directed -RRB- . The major things I see with this -LRB- that I love about it -RRB- is ; not only does it make me feel fuller faster but it also has this crazy way of making me not even INTERESTED in food -LRB- I 'm a big time late night snacker -RRB- - I have had absolutely NO CRAVINGS for any snacks at all and just the thought of them makes my stomach churn ! -LRB- Unfortunately , this product was no match against my PMS symptoms < < GIM ME CHOCOLATE NOW ! >> but that 's not a deal breaker over 1 week a month ! -RRB- Like some other reviewers have said , I usually do n't take it as directed . I 've found 2 in the morning and 2 before dinner is a perfect median for me . Oh , and whatever you do DO NOT take this pill after 6pm if you like to go to sleep at 10pm -LRB- like me -RRB- - I learned my lesson on this after the first night.I thoroughly enjoy the boost of energy you get from the pills -LRB- 2 pills = as much caffeine as 2 cups of coffee , which is probably a big factor on why a lot of these people have issues with it -RRB- - I also enjoy that I have n't experienced any type of `` crash '' from it when they wear off . Now if I could just convince myself to start working out , I know the results are going to be even more gratifying . : -RRB-
 Well , i just bought this pills a couple of days ago and i love them . You dont feel hungry at all . I only want to loose a couple of pounds and i think this product is going to help me achive that . I have not felt any side effects that other people have expirenced , but everyone is different . I take 2 pills in The morning and two more pills in The afternoon and that will make you not be hunrry for most of The day .
 I 'm about halfway through the 30 capsule bottle . Along with diet and moderate exercise -LRB- about 4 times a week -RRB- , I 've lost about 12-15lbs while using Zantrex 3 . First off , this pill gives you EXTREME , incredible energy . I 'll take it and twenty minutes later -- BAM ! I 'm up and ready to go . Because of this , I like to take one about an hour before working out , it gives me energy like Super Woman and motivation to work out at the gym . As far as appetite suppression goes , it works fairly well . It helps me stay focused on what I 'm doing and less prone to snacking and GREATLY reduces cravings.However , there 's a few drawbacks . First , I 'll sometimes experience a HUGE crash hours after taking it . Also , do n't take it too late into the evening -LRB- I 'd advise not past 6 pm -RRB- unless you want to pull an all-nighter because you literally WILL NOT sleep . When I take Zantrex , I 'll often find myself feeling super anxious/paranoid and nervous and jumpy all the time . My heart will sometimes race to the point where I feel like I 'm having a panic attack.These pills can dehydrate you -- so drink TONS of water , esp if you 're working out . Zantrex makes me go to the bathroom a lot and definitely keeps me `` regular . '' Be sure to take it with food ; if I do n't , I get really nauseous . Occasionally , I 'll get headaches while taking them and I 've noticed I 've been more moody and more prone to randomly snapping at people.On days when I work out , I 'll take one in the morning and another one an hour before I work out . If it 's just a regular day , I 'll take one in the morning and one 30 minutes - 1 hour before dinner . My biggest recommendation is to take LESS than the recommended dose . I know if I took up to 6 in one day , I 'm pretty sure I 'd have a stroke . So , start off with one . Do n't take more than 3 in a day unless you 're looking for a ticket to the ER . I would n't recommend this to people who are sensitive to caffeine , because it 'll probably make you sick like many other reviewers have experienced .
 This is a good product you CANT take it on an empty stomach and also eat meals with it please . I use it right before i go to workout and run on the treadmill . you need to eat even though for me it makes me less hungry or the feeling of not needing to eat -LRB- i do eat on it -RRB- . Drink water as you would normally . You cant expect to lose the weight if your not eating right and not working out okay.Use this as a jump start to your weight loss plan . Only take one pill to start off -LRB- i think it depends also on how much weight you start off at too -RRB- This does have side effects which ill list -LRB- just like any other pill you take -RRB- the main ingredient in it is niacin which will cause you to get RED welts , thats what niacin does it flushes your body out . so here are the side effectsThis powerful diet pill is n't for everyone - individuals with high blood pressure , diabetes , heart conditions , and are sensitive to stimulants should not take Zantrex 3 . Zantrex contains high amounts of caffeine , so while using this fat burner , you can expect to experience some -LRB- or alot of -RRB- jitters.Aside from the caffeine and the jitters , several ingredients are aphrodisiacs and help sexual performance . So along with a little weight loss , you might find yourself a little more in the ` mood ' than usual.Below are some common side effects of Zantrex 3 : Jitters , anxiety , increased sweatingIncrease in heart rate , increase in blood pressureNausea , stomachache , diarrheaLoss or suppressed appetite -LRB- not necessarily bad in this case -RRB- Cold sweats , restlessness , shaking , irritabilityIncrease in urination -LRB- as caffeine is a mild diuretic -RRB- Caffeine can be addictiveGOOD luck and use wisley -LRB- I myself have no side effects cause i take it before my workout eat three healthy meals a day and snack in between -LRB- apples , oranges ect . . -RRB-
 I think I 've reviewed this item before . Anyway , I find I 'm much more focused , driven , aware , awake , alert , quicker to answer when someone catches me off guard , and more energetic -LRB- not jittery -RRB- . I used to be a personal trainer and I did recommend to some clients who needed to lose a lot of weight quickly -LRB- like before their wedding or graduation -RRB- use either this product or Xenadrine because I 've tried them and they work and I find them to be safe . HOWEVER , exercise and proper diet are the tried and true methods . If you 're in a hurry to drop a few pounds
 Reading the other reviews leads me to believe that this works diff entry for other people.I really like this product . I take it in the morning if I have a very early day and I really like to take it after lunch to prevent to &#34; food coma &#34; . Every time I take it I get a lot of energy aid feel warm . I think I loose some wheight with it but I do not take it regularly -LRB- as I probably should -RRB- . I certainly do n't experience any side effects , but I also feel that the dosage of 2 pils at a time is too much for me . If you take it , I defiantly recommend drinking a lot of water . Like a full glas every 30-45 minutes at least .
 This product gives me energy and actually medicates my ADHD and helps me lose weight . However , I take only 2 tabs a day in the morning with a big breakfast . Taking 6 tabs as directed caused me to sweat and caused my heart to beat really fast but other than that this is the perfect drug . This prevented me from getting fired from my job made me more productive and clear headed I do n't drink coffee so it was just the perfect caffeine supplement for me . It handles my ADHD that has troubled me since childhood . I ca n't say enough good things about this drug ... but like I said before definitely take less than instructed and with food as it causes nausea . I love it it is more pleasant than Ritalin . Thank you Zoller I rely on this drug daily to make me productive and energised .
 Back in 2007 , I finally got serious about my 251 pounds and decided to lose weight . lost 31 pounds in 3 months . But the pills should only be used as a suppliment to regualr diet and exercise . you MUST exercise and you MUST still diet , there is no magic pill.I could of lost weight by myself but these pills really did speed it up . The intruction says to take 6 pills total . Heck no ! I only take 2 in the morning and if I 'm serious in losing weight i may take 2 more for lunch . These pills are powerful and you will feel the effects in 15 minutes . Lots of energy and it noticeably curves your appetite . lost another 20 pounds in 2008 using these pills while in college . once I hit 200 pounds i seem to have lost my will to lose weight , so for the next 4 years i only use these rarely when i need to lose a quick 5 pounds or if I end up doing an all nighter playing games or something and I need a shot of energy in the morning to get to work.I 've been using them for 5 years and even though I occasionally use them as an energy spike -LRB- instead of losing weight -RRB- I did not grow a dependence on them.If it is the first time you use them , you will have a jittering sensation , even if you just ate . It goes away on your 3rd taking . or 2nd if you 've used them like i have and your body is more used to it.I buy the 84 capsule bottles since if im losing weight i only use 2-4 pills a day . meaning that 's a 21 to 42 day supply . and they are cheaper at walgreens for some reason , $ 20.00 - maybe they have struck a deal or something.I also noticed a another side effect , I always seem to be in a especially good mood when I take them . This is true with coffee , people are less cranky , if not happy , when they 've had thier coffee , taking two pills is equivalent to drinking 3 cups of coffee just so you know.Overall , 5 stars - They worked for me - but again , you MUST diet and exercise if you plan to lose weight , these pills DO work when you do it right .
 In all seriousness if you are always hungry this is the pill for you ... I love food and am bummed that anything I look at makes me want to vomit . But if you are serious about losing weight take this pill you wo n't be hungry at all ... went to vegas and could not eat anything ... mama drank her dinner ! heheheehe
 I can attest to the fact that in four months I 've lost two inches off my waist and about 20lbs . It does make me nauseated , true . But that 's to be expected .
 This product works as advertised , but you must take it with food , AND , AND , AND , drink lots , and lots , of water !!! Additionally , you SHOULD USE THIS ONLY WHEN YOU 'RE ABOUT TO PHYSICALLY EXERT YOURSELF !!! I cant emphasize this enough . Users can not just take this product , and then sit down to read a book , or some other activity that does n't require physical exertion -LRB- this applies to any substance with CAFFEINE -RRB- . This product can be your friend , or your enemy , depending on how you use -LRB- or abuse -RRB- it . And , as one reviewer said , do n't use the recommended serving amout-Use Less !! I can give the above advice/warning because I did the opposite of such advice when I first started using Zantrex . In addition to the weight-loss that I enjoyed , I also enjoyed the rush of happiness and joy I felt within minutes of taking these little blue pills . When I reached my weightloss goal , I continued to take them just for the rush of happiness and energy , not for physical exertion/exercise - I took them on an empty stomach , and I did not drink nearly enough water.Problems I eventually encountered as a result of using this product incorrectly are as follows : Massive GUT pains . Unbearable uterine pains , especially during intercourse -LRB- frustrated husband -RRB- . Nerve pain in tooth -LRB- I was blaming the dentist for doing bad work -RRB- . Insomnia for days . Anxiety and nervousness -LRB- felt as if I was being chased by something -RRB- . Unable to focus my attention on any one thing . Creepy crawly sensation in bones of my legs . Lazer-like/electrical shock-like pain that radiated in the area of my Liver , Uterus , Ovaries , breast , and toes . Blurry vision . Extreme constipation and frequent urination . Massive amounts of hairloss on scalp and eyebrows . Severe dry skin , and skin darkening . Dry , weak nails . Joint pain in fingers . And finally , the last two symptoms were the straws that ` broke the camel 's back ' . Elbow AND Knee joint stiffness and severe pain . Could n't walk normally - hobbling like an old woman , and unable to use my affected dominant arm to open anything , including doors.When I realized my error and eliminated the little blue pills , all these symptoms completely disappeared over thecourse of six months .
 BASED on MY personal experiences - VERY IMPORTANT : i took this and lost 15 lbs after Having a baby ... i first used as directed and it made me very shaky and sick feeling - but the key to that is to only take 1 dose or even half of that dose - 15 mins before breakfast and DRINK LOTS OF WATER and dont forget to EAT if you dont it will make you fell like vomiting ... it will give you plenty of energy to EXCERCISE and clean ... best if taken before vigorous activity - if you take it and then sit on the couch - you will feel sick - its not a miracle pill but if you take care of yourself and decrease dose and stay active it does wonders - and dont forget to drink A LOT of water !!
 To me it 's the only product that works without hurting the stomach ... I have gastritis and I have tried a thousand pills , diets , shots , everything you can think of to lose weight ... this is the only thing that works . You do feel sick but it does MELT the fat away . You can help the side effects with lots of water and exercise . This is for people truly committed to lose weight and with a good exercise program on the side . I recommend to just follow the instructions and let a few days go by , you do feel better after a while -LRB- a week or so -RRB- and do not take in the afternoon or for dinner at all or you wo n't sleep . When you take it you have to eat or it wo n't work . It does not matter what you eat you will still lose weight . DO NOT DRINK ANY CAFFEINATED BEVERAGES WHILE ON IT !
 This is nothing more than a glorified energy pill . . it 's basically Red Bull in pill form.It will not magically make you lose weight ... all it does is give you a boost of energy so you are able to push harder when exercising.The reason I take this is because due to longer work hours , I either have to go to the gym extra early or late at night , when I have no energy . Zantrex does an excellent job of getting me prepped up for the gym and giving me that extra boost so I can run an extra mile , or lift an extra set ... Take my word for it , Zantrex is useless if you DO NOT WORK OUT or have PROPER EATING HABITS . But if you want to go to a gym feeling like a mad bull charging a matador , this is it !
 I was able to lose 30 lbs and keep it off with Zantrex . It IS caffine so what do you expect it to do to your system ? And I dont think it is fair that it got a bad review just becasue someone was allergic to it!It helps give me that boost I need to workout and keep my apetite under control . It is not a miracle pill and you have to work hard but it does give you that added support whether physically or just mentally .
 This product helped me shed an extra ten pounds . I experienced some side affects as well , but I figured out that I had a vitamin deficiency . So the effects did not happen to me once I started taking a multivitamin . After that , all was well and my diet progressed successfully thanks in part to this product .
 I am a healthy 34 yr old female and I 've been taking it for a week now . I have never had so much sustained energy . That 's what Zantrex3 does . It 's not a miracle pill , it does n't melt fat , it gives you the energy to do what 's necessary to burn the calories quicker than if you had little or no energy . It 's not for everyone , but for those who do not suffer side effects , its a great energy boost . The first night I had trouble sleeping , but after that , I worked out so hard at the gym , I had no choice but to fall into bed tired at the end of the day and sleep like a baby.I 'm very happy with the weight lost results in the first week ; 3 lbs . I was at a plateau with my exercise program/weight loss for three weeks , this was the breaker . I 'm very happy with the decision to use this product .
 I have used this pill off and on and they really work . One pill lasts me all day ... I dont need to take it with every meal . I actually made a test today and took two and I did feel like I was high ... you just have to test how many can you stand.no pill is a miracle pill , YOU DO NEED TO EXERCISE TO SEE RESULTS AND EAT PROPERLY ...
 So 5 years ago I was 18 and needed to drop like 10 pounds to fit in my prom dress . With using zantrex3 and eating lighter , I was about to do that in 2 weeks . -LRB- Keep in mind i also played sports year round -RRB- It did make me feel a little jittery but that wore off in about 10 minutes of taking it . Now 5 years later as I got older and my metabolism slowed down , and also becoming less active , I put on about 35 pounds And READ THE BOTTLE IT SAYS DO NOT TAKE MORE THAN 6 PILLS IN 24 HOURS . I need to drop about 35 pounds by the end of June because I 'm in my friends wedding . I 've been taking zantrex again for 2 days and it gives me the energy to run in the morning before work . I know it 'll work cause its worked for me before .
 Does a great job
 I have only been taking it for a few days . At first i felt very hyper and became shaky . I was n't hungry for a while , which is unusual for me , but good nonetheless . I did feel nauseated throughout the day but nothing unbearable . Yes , i was uncomfortable but considering the benefit of losing weight - the light nausea is worth it . My shakiness was rather awkward but that wore off . I had a mild headache a few hours after my second pill of the day but some Tylenol made it go away . Nonetheless , i like it . Some of these side affects from the first few days might just be me adjusting . I have a high tolerance for caffeine and have no health conditions . I think my previous addiction to sodas before i quit helped the tolerance for this high caffeinated pill . I recommend it to any healthy person who is looking for a boost for weight loss . I usually feel sluggish at the gym , but i was bouncing around ! Though the nausea did get mildly worse after laying in bed doing nothing for a while . So be careful and enjoy ! I cant say anything about weight loss because its only been a few days .
 I 've been using the pills for a few weeks now . Along with diet and exercise I 've gone from 165 to 154 on zantrex 3 . I have n't had any side effects , but that 's because these are caffeine pills ... And I use to drink 4 cups of coffee each morning . My body is used to a caffeine overload . These pills made me feel great , and I can go to the gym for hours at a time ! I understand some people are getting harsh side effects , but the key is to take what you can handle . The first time you try caffeinated coffe , you do n't drink a pot , that would mess your body up and make you feel sick . The people who experienced harsh effects right away needed to look into the product a little more and start out slow . Also , taking ANY pills on an empty stomach is never a good thing . Taking Tylenol or Advil alone can give you stomach aches.I am very satisfied with this product , and have never experienced any issues , and I take the maximum dosage per day . Zantrex is n't for everyone , but I 'd your body has no problem handling caffeine , I highly recommend it .
 This is a powerful caffeine product that beats energy drinks . I do n't need to lose weight and have n't lost any while using this product . Taking it before meals is what triggers the weight loss . For energy you can just take one or two with a glass of water . I use it to get through tough days at work and it definitely makes me work harder and faster . I would advise that you start out with just one pill regardless of what your goals are . You need to see how you react to this stuff because too much will make you feel sick . Also be sure to drink water . Once your body gets used to the high amount of caffeine you can work your way up to two pills at a time .
 Basically , I used this as an energy pill when working out . Within two months I lost 30 pounds . Worked out a lot and semi cut back on bad foods & proportions . Using only 1 pill during main workouts & drank lots of water . 1 pill was enough for me since I do n't intake much caffeine . Make sure to take them at least 5 hours before bed , or you will have problems falling asleep . Within the next 2 months lost an extra 10 pounds -LRB- extremely , cut back on using the pill , working out and eating healthy . . Holiday season -RRB- ! If I would have kept it up , I believe I would have lost 50 pounds or more altogether during the 4 months . Probably would have lost more if I followed the directions of taking 2 pills before main meals . Although , I would have been bouncing off the walls from too much energy and defiantly would have had issues falling asleep .
 I am in college and noticed that I was gaining weight quickly . Two months after going off to college I realized I needed to do something and needed it to work fast . I found Zantrex online and thought I would give it a shot . The first night I used it before dinner and noticed that while eating the meal I did not feel less hungry but by the time I was done I could was not in the mood for anything . The rest of the night I did not eat one thing because I had no appetite for it . That was the only night where I felt restless and weird . Since then , it has worked like an absolute charm . It has done everything I wanted it to . I dont eat after dinner and barely anything throughout the afternoon . I lost three pounds in four days and have been using it for a solid month , skipping days here and there where I feel the pill is not necessary . It has given me so much energy to work out and I never feel super tired afterwards . I am in the best shape now and plan on using the Zantrex until I run out . Then , I think I will have enough motivation to keep everything up on my own . This past week , I have noticed that the pill is slowly having lighter impacts on my appetite . It gives me more energy than it does decrease my appetite . I would recommend taking it no later than 6:00 because it could keep you up for a while . A half hour before a meal works good for me . Zantrex does work , very well . No heart attack feelings , no sweating , no extreme hunger . It has been a great experience so far . I have lost six pounds and I recommend it !
 I 'm on day 7 , and I 've lost 3 lbs . NO , its not a miracle pill . I 've been doing this , weight watchers and turbo jam every other day . But it DOES give me the energy I need to work out ! I take 2 first thing in the morning , and ONE at 2 pm . I would not take ANY after 2 pm , because I know I wo n't sleep then . And the one time I took 2 pills at 2 pm , I did n't fall asleep until 4 am . So ... take them in moderation , along with a proper diet and exercise program , and they will give you a boost !
 Well , this is basically just cafeine , when used as directed it works . It gives you energy and makes you less hungry . Start with small doses . Never go above the recomended dose . Tell your doctor you use it . I have used it for over a year . Start slow , maybee at half dose till your body adjusts .
 The younger generation , or people in good health should be perfectly fine taking the recommended dose , unless your allergic to some of the ingredients . Yes , it makes you naseous . Yes , it makes you bouncy and wired . Its a caffiene pill , what do you expect ?! If you want to lose weight bad enough , you deal with it . As you take it you should get used to it . I felt like crap taking it for the first time yesterday , but then I took it this morning and I 'm completely fine . Just as long as you drink a lot of water with it , which you should do on a daily basis anyways , it will work . Exercise , eat healthy , take the recommended dose , and wala !
 I recommend this product with the caveat that everyone reacts differently to supplements . I had no adverse reactions to Zantrex . I had hit a weight loss plateau , and used Zantrex to help me break through the plateau and lose the next 10 lbs . I have been taking this product for 4 months now . Overall I have lost 23 lbs , the last 13 with the help of Zantrex . I have noticed that if I do not take it for a few days , my weight creeps up a few pounds - as soon as I resume , it creeps back down . I also use diet -LRB- no sugar , low carbs -RRB- and exercise -LRB- walking 2-3 miles a day -RRB- to help maintain my healthy weight . I am a size 8 again and have no complaints .
 I do only use it for energy boosting in the mornings . One in the morning and one in the early evening . Two at a time makes you feel wired ! It is a great helper when you do tread or other cardio for lasting longer . No pill does it by itself but if you eat right -LRB- Atkins -RRB- and exercise the pounds will go away .
 I 've heard a few things good and bad about Zantrex 3 for the past few years , and truly I thought nothing more of it than it was just many of the diet pills you hear about , but on a total whim , I decided to try it maybe it was the pretty blue bottle I do n't know . Anyway I ' v lost 8 pounds in almost 2 months while , I do n't feel super energetic as some reviews have stated , but something even better happened.Since I began taking the Zantrex I have not , had the sensation of hunger , at all , not ONCE !!! you know that hungry feeling that `` I am so hungry '' feeling that makes your stomach growl , well that feeling is totally gone.I even have to stop eating at much less than I would usually eat , because I feel like I 'm stuffing myself , even though it is half the food I once ate , and at night I feel like I 'm sleeping on a empty stomach comfortably not on a chock full stomach-so any way Thumbs up !
 This is a great little bench . Well made and easy to assemble . Good price and good product .
 At first I was n't sure if the color of the metal was going to match my white vanity table , but it does , and with the white seat cover , it all blends together very well . VERY easy to put together ! I had it done in 15-20 minutes - just needed a screwdriver . LOVE the little drawer ; I keep the extras that did n't fit in my vanity there .
 great product , i never had long night sleep in a while and this came as the Saviour
 This cushion is great ! Memory foam works very well , is very soft/maleable and comfortable . The motor is quiet enough to use at the office , which is a great feature . And it works quite well ... The only minor downside is that the battery pack on the bottom right part sometimes jabs into my back a little .
 The memory foam cushion is very comfortable for my back . However , I found the `` massage '' function irritating . It 's more like a vibrating mode that gives me a headache after a few minutes . I can only turn it on briefly to `` massage '' and turned it off before it bothers my head . Overall , I used it as a cushion to support my back when I spent hours on my computer . In addition , the battery compartment is very tight that putting in or removing batteries can be very difficult . I put in Duracell batteries and hopfully I wo n't have to change batteries for a while .
 I bought this cushion as a gift for my father , and he loved it . He is an avid reader , but he used to always complain about how uncomfortable the reading chair has become.Now He says that the cushion provided perfect support for his back , without being too hard or too soft .
 This is a great product . I use it at work . I have a typical black office chair on wheels - the back of the chair offers no support . As soon as I started using this product on my chair , I have n't had one ache in my back ! Before this item , I couldnt sit at my desk for too long without accumulating back pain . Usually I 'd go home every night and have to stretch out my lower back a lot ! , cracking it . Now I go to stretch my back and realize I do n't have to !! Whoever did n't give this product a high rating is nuts ! I love it !! It makes being at work soo much better !!! I know I am taking care of my back and will have better spinal health as I age ! It not only offers you great lower back support but keeps you from slumping forward towards your computer which is also bad for your spine . It lets you lean forward with no strain to your back !! The only down side is it makes you spoiled so whenever you sit in a different chair somewhere in the office you will notice how unsupportive it is and miss your back cushion !! Plus , it is really pretty blue and soft !! I had to write this review out of moral obligation b/c I almost didnt get it b/c there were some poor reviews ! Do n't listen to them ! Do your back a favor ! Buy this product !
 This gizmo really works . I bought it for my dad and he loves it , especially the first thing in the morning when he 's stiff and sore .
 Very supportive on my office chair . It has one strap in the middle so the cushion moves slightly . It was not a problem , but I am particular so I removed the strap and sewed one on the top and one for the bottom so it does not move at all.I weigh 125lbs , so the cushion is supportive . If you are a pretty heavy person , it might not be enough support . My coworker used my chair one day and I saw that the cushion flattened out behind her . She weighs about 180 - 190lbs . When I bought the cushion , I did not realize it was massaging . Since I only need support for my back , I have not yet used this feature.Overall , it is very much worth the $ 16 I paid for it .
 I 'm very happy with this product . It 's larger than the last lumbar massage cushion I 'd ordered -LRB- Dr. Scholl 's -RRB- therefore supporting a larger area across my back . I 'd recommend it !
 Of the Two Back Cushions that I purchased this one has produced the best performance . I find a great deal of comfort from it 's use !
 My wife and I are well satisfied with thie Memory Cushion product.It was an excellent purchaseJohn and Bobby Hobby
 It 's a bit light weight , but for the price it is exactly what I wanted . It does a good job .
 This sprinkler worked real nice but I have old fingers and it is hard to turn the dial . Just need to be younger I guess .
 Bought this to try and fight the summer drought and two things really stand out . First , this sprinkler is heavier than others , so it does n't move under the water pressure or if there is a breeze . Second , it is of a higher quality construction overall , and the nozzles fire the water farther than other oscillating sprinklers I 've purchased . Same hose , same house , same water pressure , better results with this sprinkler .
 This oscillating sprinker covers a large area . It can be adjusted so the sprinkler will rotate for those hard to water areas . I am very pleased with this product .
 My previous sprinklers no longer worked . I purchased this sprinkler and really liked it , so much so thatI purchased one for my backyard too .
 Wish I had waited to order this at the current sale price of $ 8.79 instead of the $ 12 I paid . It is worth it if you need a lawn sprinkler . It is sturdily made ; Melnor typically produces acceptable products . You can use this in full rotation as well as only half , depending upon the ground you are covering . I expect this item to give several seasons of use .
 My sprinkler system developed problems during last winter . We had such a wet spring that I only recently attempted to prepare my system to water my yard . Having difficulty getting an expert to repair my system , I decided to try using an inexpensive manual sprinkler instead . This Melnor 300 looked like a good choice.The Melnor 300 Oscillating Sprinkler '' works perfectly for my back yard . It is designed to cover up to 70 ' by 45 ' which is bigger than the yard . I can cover the entire space using only three fourth of my usual water pressure . I can simply set in the middle of the yard , turn the hose to about medium high pressure and water the space in one setting.I like the `` Melnor 300 '' it solves my watering problem and saves me the cost of repair of my sprinkler system .
 This one worked right off the bat and has been fine for 6 months . It is a little light wait it acualy works ! I am getting a second one today for my parents Christmas.I have had at least 6 Gilmors from local stores all diferant modles and they all broke within 1 year . Half of the Gilmors did not work out or the box .
 It 's a simple sprinkler , not too much to say here , it works just as I expected.A couple things I did n't consider :1 - you can probably find cheaper ones in actual stores like Target and Walmart2 - the coverage area is a lot greater than I needed , had I known I would have researched this more and gone with something smaller
 Great quality , cheap price ! Bought this for the entertainment factor on hot summer days - works great to cool down the kids on the swing set and trampoline -- and waters the grass at the same time !!
 Since I also ordered a traveling `` tractor '' type sprinkler that I absolutely love , this sprinkler does n't get as much use as I had expected it to . It does a good job of what it is meant to accomplish . It works as it is supposed to . It was a little perplexing to figure out the settings , but once I did , it is easy to set it to water the area desired .
 This is a great sprinkler for cheap . I have n't used it very much , so I ca n't comment on the longevity or durability of it , but on the occasions I have used it , it performed great .
 This unit works smoothly and uniformly covers a nice large area , though not 3200 square feet . By my estimation it covers about half that - my yard is 36 ` x44 ' , and it does n't quite reach 40 ' across . -LRB- Maybe it 's the water pressure ? -RRB- But it 's a bargain .
 It seems to getter done . And so for so good . I had a more expensive one that was metal which this one is not it is very light weight and plastic . But it cost way to much and did ` nt impress me .
 I have owned one for 15 + years and have found this unit to be excellent . Better than competitive products I have used over previous 15 years . The brass nozzles are what makes this product so great , despite its plastic body -LRB- to keep it price sensitive -RRB- . However , A couple of cautionary notes :1 . The nozzles do get clogged with dirt . I cleaned mine annually in the spring with an ordinary pin2 . Except for the watering arm and nozzles , it IS of plastic . So yo got ta treat this with care . Do not drag this with the watering hose as it puts pressure on the hose fitting . The hose fitting is `` glued on '' to the direction control mechanism , as I found out . My sprinkler FINALLY got caught while I was dragging it -LRB- being lazy -RRB- and a couple of tugs on the hose broke it.I am replacing the broken unit with another one -LRB- Unfortuntaely the price has gone up , but I 'd rather deal with a reliable product -RRB- Good luck !!
 This sprinkler covers a surprisingly large area , and puts down a lot of water . My only gripe is that it is lightweight , which suggests that it may break easily , but also means that if there is any torque on the hose it will be difficult to get the sprinkler to sit flat . Not that this is particularly hard to compensate for , but it does make usage a tad fiddly.Edit
 I bought this sprinkler to save a section of our yard when that sprinkler zone stopped working . I am very glad that I made the purchase as it has saved me the cost of having to hire a sprinkler company to come fix the zone . Instead , I was able to wait until my dad returned from overseas so that he could teach me how to fix it myself.I figured I would use this thing for a couple months and then toss it out when I no longer needed it . After 2 months of biweekly use , I do n't see any sign of wear or fatigue on the unit . I certainly thought I 'd at least see the gears showing wear or maybe some calcium deposits . I think I will either keep this up in the attic for a -LRB- non -RRB- rainy day or maybe donate it to Habitat for Humanity.Overall , a great value for the price I paid .
 I 've tried a number of T booster products and this one really seems to work , and work well.It 's definitely worth it in the way I feel .
 Following recovery from a leg injury wore TEDs on a plane and much walking in Las Vegas . My legs which always hurt in that environment did not suffer any pain and felt better than ever have after this . Will always use for this type activity . thanks
 T.E.D. Knee Length Stockings were delivered promptly , and are providingexcellent therapeutic compression . Are the easiest compression hoseto put on and take off , of all the different brands previously purchased.We are very satisfied , and will purchase more , as needed .
 Item was as specified , reasonable price , reasonable shipping , prompt communication , and adequate item description . Socks did exactly what it 's suppose to do , however , I would recommend you get the ones that go above the knee due to impediment of circulation at the knee which can possibly result in skin lesions .
 These arrived very quickly and were exactly as pictured and promised . I am very happy with the purchase as I was unable to get out to a store to make the purchase .
 The TEDs stockings are exactly what my Doctor told me to wear , and for less than half the price of retail stores .
 The quality sock it 's ok , soft and thin , and the delivery very fast . But the image it not the same that you expect receive . Did not have a tiptoe and heel . I brought it for my mom , and she said it 's ok for the surgery and when you stay in bed for long time .
 The socks were just exactly what I was looking for and preformed just how I expected . They are a great produce and highly recommend them .
 I ordered this because the price range fell into my budget . The machine does do pretty good with a few errors here and there . Sometimes , you have to step on it a few times to get a just reading on your bodyweight and body fat.Overall for the price paid it is a nice product to have .
 Great for block fat . No stimulant . Pair with a Card blocker when eat a heavy fat and carb meal . works .
 I was skeptical at first but after a few tries I caught on and was able to use it satisfactorily with a wet brush . I thought that it might be real handy for air travelers who face unreasonable limitations on what they can bring . I still think I would prefer my conventional Kiss My Face cream or a good mug soap because it provides ready lather for the second or third passes where with this stick you would have to rub the stick again and again . All in all you do get a close comfortable shave .
 As with most German products , they are well thought out , expertly manufactured , with quality packaging . This did n't letme down . The scent is subtle but very pure . It lathers well ifused correctly . A brief rub over existing beard , followed by thebadger brush , hot water , produces an adequate , but not overwhelmingamount of lather . Sufficient . I recommend this , even to my son !
 the fastest way to get a great lather . awesome for time crunch . The product itself is practically perfect . If there was a small cover , or something to create a container , it 'd get 5 stars . I 'd love to be able to throw it in my shave kit for travel .
 I bought this because it was cheap and easier to travel with than my usual Taylor of Old Bond St. creams . However , I now use this more often than anything else -- it 's quick and easy to apply in the morning and my fiancee loves the smell . Six months later , I still have around half of the stick left -LRB- though to be fair , I have a beard so I do n't shave my entire face -RRB- .
 I received my first speick shave stick from amazon today . I am a huge fan of Speick cream in the tube . I used the stick tonight and I am very impressed with the results . I have a thick beard and have been experimenting with lots of shave products over the last year . My first shave with a stick instead of cream in a tube or soaps like Cella or Proraso . I can get used to this .
 Like all Speick products that I have tried , this is good stuff and reasonably priced considering that it is imported . The scent is bright and fresh . What can one say about shaving soap ? It makes a rich lather and it smells good .
 Speick shaving soaps produce a rich creamy lather , and provides for a close shave . Lathers up well with a badger hair brush . It posseses a spicy scent I am in love with . Will purchase again .
 Great Product ! The razor glides as well as any soap even without seemingly as much lather . I wish they made a soap as well for shaving .
 Length :
 I LOVE this shave stick ! The soap is tallow based , a hard to find luxury these days . The scent is earthy , spicy with a hint of floral notes . It is hard to describe the scent . When applied directly to the face and lathered with a badger hair brush this soap makes a dense , slick lather that really lets the razor glide . Other than Tabac , there is no shaving soap out there like this at all .
 The shaving stick is meant to be rubbed over your warm wet face a few times , and then the lather is built directly on your face with a not too wet shave brush . Rewet the brush slightly every so often as you build . I 've tried a few shaving soaps and this is my favorite . Light scent of musk and citrus , gobs and gobs of lubricating , moisturing lather that does n't leave your face dry like so many canned shaving creams do . Inexpensive , but a classic scent . Highly recommended .
 This product is amazing , easily my favorite wet-shaving soap . I take this , rub it all over my wet face , then take a damp brush to it and let the lather explode . It has a spicy smell , very much like pepper but much better , like a peppery-scented natural plant one might happen upon in the wildest of wildernesses . The lack of a proper soap dispenser -LRB- like a deodorant stick -RRB- is a little disconcerting , but that does n't mean anything in comparison with the soap 's performance . It is $ 6 with prime shipping . Please make a great decision and try this natural ingredient shave soap today . There is a reason it has been around for more than fifty years .
 The entire Speick line is awesome . But let 's face it . When you 're shaving , it all starts with the soap or the cream . And they 're both fantastic . But this is a review for the soap . The Speick Shaving Stick offers a lather that is slick and cushioning . It 's extremely easy to lather , and smells absolutely fantastic . It has a distinct herbal scent that is very masculine . I would describe it as woodsy and spicy with just the very lightest hint of citrus . Whether you use the stick as intended , or grate it up into more traditional puck , you will not be disappointed by the performance of this product .
 I am a regular user of Speick after shave and shaving cream . I dare say an addict . For a new fix , I ordered and tried the men 's shaving stick . As the name implies , it is a stick with a soap-like texture on a plastic base . The shaving stick is wrapped in a very thin and flimsy foil . You wet your shave brush and then brush it over the tip of the shave stick . This creates a lather - a very nice and rich lather that is then applied to the face . I think the lather created from the shaving stick is superior to that of Speick 's shaving cream.Being relatively new to this older type of shaving , perhaps I am missing something . It almost seem that this shaving stick is almost like a refill cartridge to a shaving stick dispenser . The foil wrap that it comes with is about worthless . Otherwise , this is a great product .
 A little on the expensive side , but well worth it . I love the scent , which is kind of a a combination of musk and fragrant wood . Masculine , but not over-powering . Lathers well , and provides good lubrication for a close shave . I do n't use it every day , but it is a nice treat to use a couple of times a week .
 This was the first shave stick I 've purchased , and I bought it based on comments made on badgerandblade.com . It 's got a great peppery scent that I love . It 's distinctive and surprisingly soothing . Sometimes I 'll pick up and sniff the box when I 'm in the bathroom . The scent left by the soap after the shave is subtle , so I make sure to use an unscented aftershave balm . Great for face lathering and has a pretty traditional foil wrap around the stick . The little plastic base makes it easy to handle . Speick makes a wide range of facial products all with the same scent . This will always be in my shave den .
 Some reviewers have complained about the scent of this shaving stick . Granting that , initially , I thought that it smelled a little bit like bathroom cleaner , after a time or two , I did n't notice the scent . The shave stick works well , and , with a good badger brush , leads to an outstanding shave . -LRB- I give it a 4 instead of a 5 because there is a learning curve involved and because some creams , which cost considerably more , give a better-feeling shave . -RRB- It is quick and efficient to use . I have used my first Speick stick for months -- on and off , along with a couple of brush-applied and brushless creams or gels -- and it looks undiminished in size . I recommend this product .
 My personal trainer recommended using the Amino Vital Pro supplement . I mix the powder in my water bottle and drink it during my workout . It seems to work well and the taste is fine , even though grape is n't my favorite .
 Not too sweet and does n't upset your stomach . Product shipped and arrived very quickly .
 WOW ! Anyone who thinks Hoodia does n't work has n't really tried Hoodoba PURE 750 . I almost gave up on Hoodia after getting no suppression with several so-called `` top brands . '' But by the 3rd day of my trial with Hoodoba PURE 750 , three capsules before each meal extinguished my appetite better than 15 mgs . of medically prescribed Dexedrine . From my initial 287 pounds , I 've already lost 98 pounds and eliminated all signs of diabetes thanks to Hoodoba PURE , without exercising . Yes , I should exercise , but I thank G-d every day for this lifesaving plant and a still-honest company that refuses to dilute it -- just for profits.If anyone knows of anything else that can painlessly KEEP fat off a 52-year-old male as well as Hoodoba PURE , I 'm all ears . Until then , I 'll stick with Hoodoba PURE 750 . -LRB- It works so well that two of my doctors are now using it on other patients . -RRB- P.S. Only one other Hoodia brand suppressed my appetite , but even when I used 8 of their 750 mg . capsules , it did NOT equal the intensity and duration of appetite suppression I routinely get from two to three Hoodoba PURE 750s . -LRB- After my 3rd week on Hoodoba , two capsules before meals could suffice to stop my overeating ; three zapped all desire to eat . -RRB- Hoodoba PURE 750s contain absolutely NO fillers , flowing agents , or other junk -LRB- such as magnesium stearate -RRB- ; everything else I tried and researched was heavily DILUTED with unnecessary and unhealthy garbage . I believe this is a key reason Hoodoba PURE works where others fail.Tip
 I 've found this product to be very dependable over the past 3 years that I 've been using it on and off . I rely on it only when I feel I need it and it has always come through undoubtly stellar . However , you may have to come up with the best time of the day that works for you depending on your lifestyle or the time of day of your biggest appetite . It holds up for me anywhere from 6-8 hours .
 I started with the 400mg and realized I had a huge appetite and needed the 750mg . I 've had the best results since about 6 days after I started taking it . After 6 weeks I 've lost 17 pounds and just keep losing !!! I 've told all my friends that this is the one that works !!!
 I like Aleve and its generics for its long-lasting effects . Most often , I use it for menstrual cramps . It 's great . This past weekend , I needed some Aleve and bought the Aleve liquid gels . Big mistake . When I 'm out and about , I often take my pills without water , but these were impossible to swallow without water . They are huge ! At least I 'm able to get them down with some liquid . I know there are people out there who can not swallow large pills . If you are one of them , do n't buy Aleve liquid gels . I can get the same strength in generic tablet form that is lots smaller.Other than the size issue , they do work the desired 8 to 12 hours . I do need food with them or else I get terrible upset stomach.Of course , you ca n't take these if you have ulcers , bleeding disorders , are on a blood thinner , have a serious allergy to aspirin , are allergic to NSAIDs or are going in for surgery . It can worsen asthma , too . Did I miss anything ? If you are not sure if you should take this , please ask your doctor .
 I received the product in a very timely manner and it was exactly as advertised
 These bottles are NOT packed for UPS shipping which is what Amazon uses . 3 out of 4 bottles received -LRB- different orders -RRB- had multiple gel-caps ruptured inside . This made a mess and affected the neutral flavor of the coating.That being said , these are great for any sort of inflammation , back pain , or muscle pain . If you need something for a sudden head-ache , use Ibuprofen -LRB- Advil -RRB- liquicaps . Either of these will kick in within 30 minutes , sometimes a little less . Advil peaks sooner and works harder , but wears off in 4-6 hours.Aleve , this product , peaks after a few hours , but wears off in 10-14 hours . This is what many osteopaths will prescribe for sports , lumbar , or similar injuries as `` Naproxen Sodium '' . These OTC capsules are lower dose , at 200mg each , max of 2 at a time , and max of 3 per day , but it 's the same drug and works the same way.The box and bottle tell you the recommended dosages , and -LSB- ... -RSB- will tell you all of the physician 's info about the drug.Only your physician can prescribe higher dosages or treatment that does not match the label , so be sure to read the labels and only take as directed .
 Aleve is the exact same medication as its generic counterpart , Naproxen Sodium . Aleve is a non-steroidal anti-inflamatory drug -LRB- NSAID -RRB- . This means it is NOT a steroid , such as cortisone or hydrocortisone , and it relieves inflammation , which is a central component of pain of any kind , be it joint pain , headache , migraine , etc.This liquid formulation of Aleve is designed to dissolve and be absorbed more quickly than the tablet or caplet form . In general , and for most people , the liquid form is easier to digest with less potential for stomach upset.As a class of drugs , NSAIDs are the most frequently prescribed analgesics for management of arthritic and musculoskeletal pain of mild to moderate intensity . All NSAIDs possess analgesic -LRB- pain relieving -RRB- , antipyretic -LRB- anti-fever -RRB- , and anti-inflammatory effects -LRB- reduces inflammation and swelling -RRB- . Naproxen Sodium was first offered as a prescription drug in 1982 , but had such a strong safety profile that it was listed as an over-the-counter medication in 1994 as Aleve.Aleve is absorbed rapidly following oral administration . It achieves a peak blood concentration within 15 minutes to 2 hours . The main advantage to Naproxen Sodium is its long half-life -LRB- 14 hours -RRB- , which means how long its effect lasts in the body before it is excreted/metabolized . With the long half-life , Aleve only needs to be taken twice a day , or at most , three times a day . The tablets or capsules come in 220 mg dose sizes , and the maximum daily dose is 1250 mg per day . The instructions state to take one tablet twice a day -LRB- 440 mg total dose -RRB- . However , for pain that does not respond to one tablet , one could take two tablets twice a day for pain and still be well under the maximum recommended daily dose . Before taking more than the recommended dose , always consult with your MD. . It is not recommended that one take Naproxen Sodium longer than 10 days.In studies comparing -LRB- Aleve -RRB- Naproxen Sodium to aspirin , Naproxen Sodium was found to be 20 times stronger . It is about equally potent as 400-600 mg of Ibuprofen . Many of my patients have found it better than Ibuprofen , as it does not have to be dosed as frequently . Some beleive it is a bit more effective than Ibuprofen.With all drugs there are side-effects , and Aleve has several significant effects that the buyer will need to consider . First , like all NSAIDS , Aleve can cause stomach bleeding , ulcers , and even sudden stomach perforation . If you have stomach ulcers or are prone to GI bleeding , it is best to consult your MD before beginning Aleve . Aleve can also increase bleeding tendencies , as it prevents platelets from clotting together . People with heart conditions who use Aleve can experience swelling of the arms , legs , and feet . Report any adverse side-effects to your MD immediately and discontinue Aleve.In my experience with this medication and in prescribing it for my patients , I recommend they take it with a small amount of food to lessen the direct contact with the stomach lining.Please note that Aleve is about twice as expensive as the generic Naproxen Sodium Naproxen Sodium 220 mg - 400 Caplets Compare to the active ingredient in Aleve Tablets . Generic and Aleve are the exact same drug , so I leave it up to you to purchase the brand you prefer.Jim Koenig , DDS
 I have been using Aleve for couple ears now . Years of ballet dancing caused me to have a bad knee . Some days it 's so stiff I can hardly bend it . Two Aleve and the pain is gone , the stiffness is gone . You can take Aleve every 12 hours , but as a rule once a day is enough for me . Only sometimes I wished it worked faster . Finally it does . I can not recommend this any higher for pain relief . I was on Vioxx for a while , before they found out you could have heart attacks from it . I figured I was doomed to suffering with pain and stiffness . Nope . Aleve works better for me than Vioxx did.The liquid just makes it work faster .
 This is about the only paun medicine that I buy . It works for all of my joint pains and just about any other pains -LRB- headaches , etc -RRB- that I have .
 i too had trouble swallowing aleve liquid gels but they were the only thing that helped me with my back and arthritisAfter many different things to help me swallow them i stumbled on applesauce ... the liquid gels slid right down ... no gagging or feeling like something was stuck in my throat!in fact my son who takes another medication that is rather big tried the applesauce with his pills and had the same successso i just wanted to let others know of a possible help to swallowing the gels and getting the relief you need !
 Could be our imaginations but we think that these GELS work faster than the tablet form . ALEVE is our first choice when choosing an anti-inflammatory/pain product .
 When my husband was diagnosed with arthritis , the docs all recommended the glucosamine supplements , etc. , which eventually , made him ill . They made him feel loopy upstairs so finally , he stopped taking all that `` stuff '' and just went to aleve . Well , he 's feeling better than he has in 5 years and the pain is kept at a standstill . Ca n't recommend this stuff enough - you even get to take it less often . Highly , highly recommend !
 This stuff is great . If you have never used it make sure you are NOT allergic to it , seriously go to your doctor . I am not allergic and they are wonderful one pill a day !!!!
 I take these with Tylenol Arthritis . Even though I have a spinal chord stimulator & take 30mg of morphone a day , these are still doing that extra little bit .
 Seriously ca n't beat the price . We live on these things . We have teenage athletes and construction workers in the family . We live on this . Ca n't be the amount nor the price .
 The best for aches and pains , works super fast . I love the bulk size bottle , having so many blue pills available at any given time makes me feel rich : D
 This is about the third or fourth razor of this model that I have owned . I do not use it everyday but am very happy to have it for a quick touch-up etc. . Often if I am rushed in the morning and do n't take time for a `` wet shave '' , I 'll take it with me and shave in the car on the way to work or where ever . It does not give me razor burn although shaves very close . It is easy to clean and the battery lasts a long time . The small profile of the head makes it easy to shave under the nose . It likely would be a fine razor for eveyday use.It 's a good product and I recommend it .
 My elderly dad requested this item . He loves it ! He can use it all by himself even with his nerveousness . And he loves how his face feels , when he is done . He said top ratings .
 Excellent service ; the item arrived factory sealed within a few days.The complete package contained brush and power cord . Would buy again .
 These give you a full day 's worth of calcium and are easy to swallow . These are perfect for those of us who do n't take in too much dairy due to a distaste for milk or lactose intolerance . Bluebonnet is also a good , all natural brand of vitamin . No added chemicals or junk that 's bad for your system . Always go for all natural ingredients and/or raw food ingredients in vitamins -- and always go for capsules over tablets . They absorb best and companies that use tablets heavily tend to either skimp or over do it on the amounts of nutrients in their supplements . And there 's currently no regulation for this by the FDA , so you have to do the research and look out for yourself and your family . I highly recommend this Calcium supplement and pretty much anything by Bluebonnet .
 I highly recommend this product for everyone over 30 years of age . I 've seen those elderly people who suffer from osteoporosis and I do n't want to follow in their foot steps . I am in my late forties and will take this product forever . It arrived on time and was a super great price . This is a must to add to your daily diet to stay healthy and prevent osteoporosis . I 've been taking it for two years now and recently purchased it for my two sisters as well . A little bit of prevention goes a long way ...
 I 've been a big fan of Bluebonnet for a long time , and because they are one of the few vitamin providers who make a calcium softgel , it was an easy choice for me to make . I 'm just about to purchase my 2nd bottle . Highly recommended .
 Great product , well known name , easy to take , most milligrams for least number of doses , good price for the milligrams .
 I was surprised at the quick delivery from Florida to Washington state . I was expecting a bottle of capsules , but instead the 60 capsules were packaged in a zip type bag with a label , heat sealed for shipment . I might have done more research about how many capsules for my money , as for the money I expected 100 capsules , but quantity was not listed in the description . The quality of the root seems to be fine .
 Side effects of this product are minimal . Would recommend it to anyone trying to conceive . I am on my third month of this product and have not had any problems with it . Company mails it quickly .
 It did make me ovulate again but unfortunately at the time there was no pregnancy and still none since we 've stopped trying .
 This the second time herbs have helped me get pregnant . The first time , we tried unsuccessfully for almost two years before taking herbs -LRB- my husband and I both took them -RRB- . That formula we took was similar to this Fertilaid formula . Within two months I was pregnant , and our little girl is now two.This time , after trying for almost a year , we tried Fertilaid for both men and women -LRB- the other brand does n't seem to be distributed anymore -RRB- . Within the first month of taking them -LRB- we did n't even finish our first bottle each -RRB- , I got pregnant ! Boy , was I surprised after seeing so many negatives previously.I am not good at remembering to take pills while I 'm out and about , so I always took three at once , instead of the recommended three times a day . What can I say , I guess it still worked !
 Hello everyone ! I have been taking fertilaid for a week now . I am so excited because I noticed changes within days.I hope that fertilaid does help us concieve our second child soon.I will keep everyone posted .
 Well i know its too early but ive been trying everything just tp regulate my period and ovulate and it seem fertilaid the only one help me . . so waiting for the next one have baby!lol
 i have not had a period since 4/22/12 and i started taking fertilaid after 3 days i got my period and im ovulating now not yet preg but its working
 I try to have a baby for 2 years , and I buy it on Aug-20-12 , and eat it for 3 weeks . Today i buy pregnancy test , and it shows 2 lines . it 's really unbelievable .
 Ok ... I was going to wait until I was actually pregnant to write a review but I could n't ! Im not pregnant yet but I can tell that this product is DEFINITELY doing something ! I bought two bottles and started taking it on July 5 towards the end of my period . I experienced cramping in the beginning but they went away in about a week . When I came on my cycle again , July 24 in noticed way more fluid around ovulation time than usual . Now that I am on my cycle again , which started August 17 , I noticed a change in my menstrual flow . The blood is n't dark , syrupy , and offensive in order like usual . So , I can definitely concluded that fertile aid is doing something ! Oh ... My cycles are very regular and fertile aid did n't interfere with that at all ! : - -RRB- Now I am going to start trying to make a baby this month . Keep you posted . And wish me luck !
 Although my husband and I decided to order this product from this seller . It 's funny to know that as soon as we received this product , we started taking faithfully for a week only to find out that I was already 5 weeks pregnant . Was such a surprise , we were having such a hard time getting pregnant . We could do nothing but laugh , cuz we both each ordered a bottle . Thats 80 dollars down the drain . But over all we are just grateful . Wish all those who are trying to conceive , all the best and hope they get their dream of being parents .
 July 26th , 2012I am 33 years old becoming 34 in October ; I have learnt that I have high Prolactin when I was just 17 years old after missing 9 months period!I have been on birth control pills since then-and Cabergolin to control my Prolactin level - , Last August exactly 11 months ago , I have decided to go off of the Birth Control Pills and try to get pregnant , went to UCSF Fertility center and did all the test that a person could do regarding pregnancy , everything was normal except Prolactin , after working with their expert on Prolactin , I have learnt that my high prolactin is not causing any problems!It took 11 months to get there , and I have not had any periods , on July 21st I decided to give the Fertile Aid -LRB- FA -RRB- a try , and after just two days taking it my eleven-months missing period stared !!!! I saw my fertility doctor today , after getting the result regarding my Prolactin , he wanted to put me on Clomid , then I told him about FA and asked if I could just be on Fertile Aid for 3 months and TTC naturally , he agreed ! He said it could n't harm!I am using an ovulation kit starting today , I 'll keep you updated , fingers crossed !
 I am 29 years old , and my husband and I have been trying for about the past 10 months to conceive , and we both took FertilAid in April , and now I am about 7 weeks along :o-RRB- Excellent product , did not mess with my cycle -LRB- which is regular -RRB- or have any side effects other than achieving pregnancy !! I highly recommend this product to women who want to get off of the TTC rollercoaster and see quick results .
 I used this item for one month . It was pricey , and I thought `` I can make this from the herbs listed on the bottle for less than they charge ! * I was wrong . I do n't know what herb I am missing , but I am missing something.This is the first and ONLY herbal suppliment -LRB- After 13 years of Vitex , Red clover , Saw Palmetto , etc -RRB- that did a thing.And it did.I wo n't get into details , but I have the most severe case of PCOS any specialist has seen . Their words , not mine.I recently had a 70lb ovarian tumor removed for example.If this worked even A LITTLE on ME , it could actually work for you.If you are willing to shell out the cash for it.I only give it 4 stars due to the fact that I was n't `` fertile '' that I am aware of .
 MY PERIODS ARE VERY IRREGULAR ... SINCE TAKING B/C I 'VE HAD TO HAVE PROVERA TO MAKE ME START MY CYCLE . I WAS PUT ON CLOMID FOR 3 MONTHS WITH NO SUCCESS MY DOCTOR SAID SHE COULD NOT DO NOTHING FOR ME AND WANTED ME TO SEE A SPECIALIST . I 'VE BEEN TAKING FERTILAID FOR 14 DAYS WITH SOME CRAMPS HERE AND THERE ... BUT AS OF TODAY I 'VE STARTED HAVING PERIOD LIKE CRAMPS AGAIN AND SOME SPOTTING ... I NEVER THOUGHT THIS PRODUCT WOULD WORK , BUT NOW I SEE THAT IT REALLY DOES !!!! HOPEFULLY I CAN GET PREGNANT NOW !!!
 Have been trying to conceive for 10 months with highly irregular cycles that range anywhere from 30-48 days . I 've spent hundreds on OPKs and HPTs , Pre-Seed etc because I never knew when I would actually ovulate . I have been taking Fertilaid for 16 days and just got a positive OPK , on Day 16 ! I knew it would work because there are so many great reviews out there but now I can say it worked for me too . Ca n't report that I 'm pregnant yet but just knowing that I 'm `` normal '' again is almost -LRB- almost :-RRB- -RRB- as good . Only thing for me was that I do get a dull headache taking this product , but increasing my typical water consumption eliminates it completely -LRB- and we all need to drink MORE WATER ! -RRB- I feel more positive than I have in a long time and plan to take this product for as long as it takes . Any doubters out there , I was there with you but it really does work .
 I began taking FertilAid after I had intermittent spotting in between periods every month for about six months . After my first month of taking it , the spotting has stopped , I ovulated mid-cycle -LRB- confirmed by BBT charting -RRB- , and my luteal phase has gone from 8 days to 11 days -LRB- and counting -RRB- . I suspected that my spotting was due to hormonal irregularity , and in just one month , FertilAid has appeared to regulate my cycle . I will continue to take FertilAid until I get pregnant . I would recommend this product for anyone dealing with irregular spotting between periods or a short luteal phase -- two factors that can inhibit conception.I simply can not say enough positive things about this product . I was dealing with stress and depression due to my irregular cycles , and FertilAid has given me hope as my husband and I start trying to conceive . Thank you , FertilAid !
 i ordered this product last month and it arrived right before Ovulation so i only took it for a few days . i have been taking it again now for about a week and i can tell a major change in my body . i would recommend going to the fertility aid website and doing some research on it because i did not see anywhere that it said not to take when pregnant . when going to the web site it says to stop taking as soon as you find out if you are pregnant . it makes your body produce more horomones which can mess with a developing baby . i just simply stop taking it from Ovulation then start again when AF arrives . great product and i would recommend it to everyone !
 My husband and I have been TTC for over a year , we are both 30 years old . I have PCOS and have always had very irregular periods -LRB- some 80-90 day cycles -RRB- and my husband had low count and poor morphology . We went to a fertility clinic in July . I had an HSG - no problems there , so we started several months of fertility drugs and IUI 's , each time it failed , it was more crushing than the last . Over the holidays we decided we needed a break and we would start fresh in January . I read about Fertilaid on TTC websites and decided it could n't hurt to take them while we were on our break . We had tried different combinations of supplements and vitamins before , which seemingly did nothing , so needless to say we were skeptical about fertilaid . My husband started taking the Fertilaid for Men and I started the Fertilaid for Women in the middle of November . We only took 2 capsules a day with food . Well , I do n't know how much I can contribute to the Fertilaid , but it seems like a very strange coincidence that suddenly I am pregnant , just like that , the good old fashioned way ! No fertility medications , no treatments , no charting my cycles and definitely eating like crap over the holidays . I am truly in shock about it , I wish I had read about Fertilaid 18 months ago when we started this journey . I would definitely recommend this product . It also helped regulate my cycles to 36-38 days , which is much more normal . I get that it is not a fix-all solution , but if you have tried everything else , I would say it absolutely ca n't hurt ! Best of luck to everyone , I know it is a painful and difficult journey . JD
 I 've been taking FertilAid for 2 cycles since a miscarriage in March and after being on the pill for more than 7 years . My cycles , which were all over the place since going off the pill in October ' 06 , have really `` normalized '' and settled into a nicely predictable 28 day pattern , which I 'm sure will help when we 're ready to try again.I did n't take FertilAid 3 times a day -LSB- I also did n't read the directions , though -RSB- , I took 3 tablets in the morning , all at once , and I 've only been taking them up until ovulation .
 How do I start ? Well , I am 30 years old and since I hit puberty at 12 , I only averaged a cycle on average 3-4 times a year . Wasnt sexually active until 22 and was on birth control for 1 year -LRB- from 22-23 -RRB- which regualted my cycle , but once I stopped the pills my body still wouldnt regulate itself . -LRB- This could be because I was obese -RRB- After a gastric bypass when I was 24 , I tried the Nuvaring for 6 months , I still couldnt get regular . After realizing that several of my family members had strokes , it started to scare me because of the risk the birth control had as well , so I stopped it . I still didnt get regular . Now that its time to start wanting to coneceive , I didnt want to try any fertility drugs as I dont have hypothroidism , no PCOS or anything . Cant figure why I dont have a cycle . My doctor wanted me to try naturally for at least a year . Well , I had already tried when I was 26 -- didnt work ! ... So that leads me to doing research on natural hormone therapy and I found Fertilaid -LRB- what could be more natural than herbs ??? -RRB- . Well , my purchase was on May 11 , Received the pills 5 days later and started taking them only twice a day for the 1st week . -LRB- Was too scared that my body would go into shock ! lol -RRB- , then 3 times a day thereafer . Yes , Im a bad pill taker and did forget to take them here and there . Well , as I read that most other women had a cycle , then the next month they were pregnant , thats what I was expecting . I took one test in early June and it was negative . In the meantime , Im doing everything to help conceive , certain positions , keeping my hips up afterwards , watching my diet and excercise . Well , within the past week , my breasts felt a little swollen -LRB- which I NEVER felt before-even whenever I DID have my cycle -RRB- and didnt think anything of it . I just thought that was that `` feeling '' that the pills were starting to work . So , after 1 month of pills , I figured `` What the heck '' and took a test ... . and another ... and another ... and low and behold ALL THREE WERE POSITIVE !!! Thank you Fertilaid !
 My husband and I have been TTC for 6 months now with no luck . We decided we were going to try one more month and then take a break for a while because it was mentally and emotionally exhauting getting a negative each month . I thought `` what the heck , I 'll give this stuff a try . It ca n't hurt right ? '' AS it was being shipped I read more reviews that said not to use it if you had a regular cycle because it would mess your cycle up . I decided to try it anyway . After takin gthis for 2 weeks I finally got the `` egg white '' CM that everyone talks about , and when I ovulated i KNEW it . I went against my best judgement and took an HPT on 9 DPO , and it was negative . I was down in the dumps and just waiting on my period to start . The day my period was due I waited around all day , and nothing ! I took another HPT the very next morning and low and behold POSITIVE ! Took another one the next day and it was positive too ! I am a believer that Fertilaid really does help ! I took it for 2 weeks , and now I 'm giving the rest to a friend who is also TTC .
 Hard to say if it was because of this product , but after taking this supplement for about six weeks I was pregnant after seven months of trying ! I say that at least makes it worth a shot !
 My hormones have finally gotten back under control :-RRB- I dont ' necessarily see it as a fertility drug even though we are trying but since my hormones have gotten under control , iv ' e felt better than ever !
 It worked for me . I used it only 1 month and a half because I got pregnant before I thought !!
 My wife & I have been trying to get pregnant for over 1 year . My wife had irregular periods her whole life . It seemed to be due to a hormonal imbalance that also interferred with her fertility . We tried this product before we decided to spend major money with fertility doctors . The first bottle she took her period came at what would be normal to most people instead of random 35-50 days after her previous . She was almost through the 3rd bottle and she became pregnant . We tried this being extremely skeptical that it would work as most herbal supplements are bogus . I would give this stuff a try for at least 4 months before you give up on it . It sure is cheap enough to give it a try for few months compared to visits to a fertility doctor .
 After a miscarriage we tried for over a year , within one cycle of taking these pills and my husband took the male version , we are 8 weeks pregnant ! i will definitely use again as I really saw a change in my ovulation cycle . I pray all goes well from here on .
 Me and hubby were TTC for 15 months ! Someone finally suggested FertilAid . My hubby also took the Male FertilAid . In 3 weeks I was pregnant ! I highly recomend this !
 This product really works . After having difficulties conceiving and staying pregnant a friend gave me Fertilaid and after five week of taking it I got pregnant and stayed pregnant . My little girl is now two and a half.Once again we have been on the same uneventful path ttc baby number two , so once again we turned to Fertilaid . In a little under three months this time we finally have got a positive result , baby number two will arrive mid 2013 . If we ever decide to try for a third child I will certainly be using Fertilaid again . Thanks for a great product .
 I did n't have a period for over a year after getting off the depo shot . I even went on conventional birth control to jump start my cycle but that whole time I never ovulated.After less than 1 bottle of this product I was pregnant . My baby is now 3 months old.This was my second baby and I did n't have any trouble getting trouble pregnant the first time . So the pills did n't solve any fertility problems -LRB- because I do n't have any -RRB- just my period problems so I could be fertile again .
 I am 36 years old , my husband and I have been trying for four years , did IVF twice last year but failed . After taking FertilAid and FertileCM for three months , I found out today through pregnancy test that I am pregnant . Hoping and praying that everything will be alright . I hope this review will help other women who are trying to get pregnant . Thank you very much for this fertility supplement ! By the way , my menstruation is regular and did not have any problem .
 Im 22 and have been trying to get pregnant for a couple years now . I only took this for two weeks and I was pregnant and really only took it twice a day because I could n't remember to take it three times a day but I 'm currently 13 weeks pregnant and things are going great it worked super fast !
 Product arrived within 5 days . I used this product with Fertili Tea and Pre-Seed . I have irregular cycles and a short luteal phase -LRB- 8-10 days -RRB- . Very late ovulation -LRB- ovulated on CD 26 -RRB- . We were ttc our first child for 6 months with no luck . Though it did n't regulate my cycle the very first month , it gave me my BFP !!!! I ordered a 2nd bottle but before I was even able to finish my first bottle , I had a smiley face on my HPT . Baby dust to you all.God bless ...
 In 2008 my husband and I started on a fertility drug to get pregnant . I have severe PCOS . For two years we were going to doctor appointments twice a month and I never once ovulated . The doctors finally told me I would have to go to a fertility clinic . My husband and I decided we wanted to try a more natural alternative before going to the clinic . I started taking FertilAid and after taking it for 2 weeks , I ovulated . After taking it for 2 months , I was pregnant . I now have a happy healthy baby girl . I 've recently started buying FertilAid for my sister who also has PCOS . She 's only been taking it a few weeks , but her cycle is regulating , so hopefully I 'll have a niece or nephew soon !
 My husband and I TTC for 5 months and I decided to use some herbal remedies for assistance . I looked up reviews for fertilaid and decided to give it a shot . I took it for only 3 weeks and it seemed to make me feel healthier . When it was time for my next cycle , I noticed all of my pms symptoms were more exaggerated . A week went by and I still had no period so I decided to test . I was so shocked when that stick said `` PREGNANT '' I actually gasped . My husband and I have a wonderful little 1 year old boy . Could n't be happier . Next time around I wo n't hesitate to use this .
 I went off birth control in January to try and get pregnant but my periods were all over the place . They were anywhere from 24 to 32 days long . Within days of taking the pills in July my cycles became regular . I now ovulate on day 14 every month . I 'm not pregnant yet but I feel confident that I will be soon .
 I have n't had a regular cycle in 13 years . I 've been taking this supplement for 30 days and my period came right on time . I really believe FertilAid will help me get pregnant .
 I took the FertilAid pills for about 1 month after 8 months of casually trying to conceive . I also used the Clearble Easy Fertility Monitor , and I got pregnant within the first month ! I would recommend this product for anyone that is trying to conceive , along with using the fertility monitor . It works !
 I was a little nervous to try this after reading that it had interrupted some women 's already regular cycles . But my husband and I had been trying for 10 months with no luck . I took this for a month and got pregnant ! I could n't believe it ! I did drink the tea for about 2 months prior with no luck , but one month of the pill form did the trick ! I 'm now 11 weeks pregnant : -RRB-
 A little background first
 We 've been trying for 15months for baby # 2 to no avail ; two rounds of Clomid did n't help either . I 've known abt Fertilaid for a while now so I finally decided to give it a try - am very regular with my periods.I calculated my fertile days and started taking fertilaid one week before that and YEP it worked . I could n't believe it when I got a + + on two tests . I did n't finish the whole bottle.Please give it a try , it really works and it 's ALL NATURAL .
 Let me start by saying that my husband and I have been trying for over 9 months . We have tried using Maca,pre-seed and everything else natural to help get us pregnant . Month after month of false pregnancy tests I decided to search every website I could to see if ANYTHING was helping people get pregnant naturally . I came across the website for this product and read many many reviews . I am happy to say that after trying for 1 month I am officially 4 weeks pregnant today ! Now I will say that I did get the pills for both my husband and myself . Who is to say if it was the pills , timing or an act of God , but the only thing we have done differently is take these pills . So , its a small price to pay for a HUGE victory !
 We had been trying to conceive for almost five years . I took FertilAid for three months and now I am pregnant ! FertilAid certainly help it !
 Im very confused right now . I got this product about 3 weeks ago . And around second week got cramps . Was very excited for my periods are non existant and im 21yrs old . I use to have normal periods but went swimming and they stopped . They stopped for five years until i drank parsley tea then they came for a while then stopped . Until i took vitex and they came last year 2011 before they stopped again in Dec. . Havent had one since . But then FERTILAID ! it has given me cramps for a week and 1/2 . But now they stopped !!!! I didnt get a period just cramps and yesterday 1/17/12 the cramps stoped . Im still taking pills because they gave me cramps but now nothing . . im hopeful they just need time to get into system.Even though they habent worked yet the syill did SOMETHING so im happy and would recommend them to anyone . Doing something is better than nothing in my book.Has anyone.elsebhad this problem ?
 I Just Ordered FertilAid , This Is My 2nd Day On It . When Would Be The Right Time To Have Sex While Taking This ? Would You Try Sex Everynight Or Every Other Night ? I Have Read Wonderful Things About This Product But I Havent Came Across Anything About When To Have Sex To Increase My Chances Of Pregnancy . On Top Of That I Ordered This Product Because Me & My Boyfriend Want A Child But I Have A Very Irregular Cylce Which Slim My Chances ! It Come And Go As It Please .
 I bought the pills last week me and my husband have been trying to conceive for 2 years already . I know its me due to a previous relationship but the doctor did some blood test and said everything is fine and i should be able to get pregnant im guessing its because i am irregular but hopefully these pills work the wonders that has worked on others i am so excited to start taking them !!! i will update if we ever get pregnant ; -RRB-
 I started taking FertilAid and FertilAidCM in November . I have noticed an increse in my CM and I am getting EWCM . I also got a period after taking them . I was on day 66 of my cycle when I started taking them , so I was very happy to get AF . I am still waiting on my BFP . My husband and I have been TTC on and off since July 2006 . I have PCOS and we are having a very hard time . I am going to try taking Soy Isoflavones when I get my next cycle to see if that will help kick ovulation into gear . Lots of prayers . Good luck to everone out there taking FA or any other TTC suppliment . Also congratulations to all who got a BFP from their suppliments . BABY DUST AND PRAYERS TO ALL ! : -RRB-
 I am on my third month of taking Fertilaid , and I love it ! Before taking this , I would have spotting 7-11 days before my period began . Well , the last two months I have only had 2 days of spotting before . As someone who has had this spotting for the past 12 years , I am amazed . I highly recommend this product .
 I had been on the pill for five years , and when I stopped taking it to start trying to conceive I experienced really irregular cycles . It had been almost three months since having my period when I found this product and read reviews about it . I have to say that I was a little skeptical about it working for me , but I thought it would be worth a try . I have now been taking Fertilaid for one week , and I got my period -LRB- after three months without it ! -RRB- ! I am giving this product four stars due to the fact that I do n't know if it will help me ovulate yet , but I am very pleased that it has helped put my body back on track . If you are experiencing irregular cycles , I would highly recommend this product . It can be a little hard to remember to take three times a day , but the pills are easy to swallow and do n't upset my stomach .
 Just received this today in the mail ! Only took two today because I got it after work and did n't want to take them all at once . Shipping was nice , came a day earlier ! It comes in a nice size bottle and is sealed nicely . My husband and I are just starting to ttc . But I know that I have irregular cycles . Very long and often do n't have periods . I chart my temps for a while now do I know my body and know I am not ovulating . I really hope this will help before going to the doctors ! The pills are a big large in size but they are so very easy going down . I do n't even feel them and they dont smell . I know when I have took vitamins before as soon as I would open the bottle it would stink and every time I would burp it tasted just like the smell but these pills do n't do that ! I will do an update if anything happens . :-RRB- baby dust to everyone !!
 I used this product for three months and was able to conceive a healthy baby boy . Now that he 's 15 months we 're trying again and using FertilAid . It 's been 3 months and we have n't gotten pregnant yet but I have had my first 29 day cycle in about 8 years . Before my cycles were anywhere from 35-48 days . Here 's hoping that since my cycles is starting to regulate that another pregnancy is around the corner .
 I was getting Depo shots until recently my husband and I decided to try for # 2 . I wanted something to help me start ovulating/menstrating again so I took a chance on Fertilaid . I was very skeptical but I took it 3 times daily as instructed and with 9 pills left in the first bottle , I 'm menstrating ! I 'm thinking prayer had more to do with it then Fertilaid but it could n't hurt to try it .
 I began taking FertilAid on the first day of my cycle because I was afraid it may work against me if I started it in the middle . I have been taking it for almost a month now , and I have n't had any side effects yet . I take one 3x a day , and I make sure to eat a little beforehand . I am 2DPO right now , and I could see a difference in my CM during . Another thing is that since I have started taking it , I have been in the mood constantly ! We are not pregnant just yet , but this is my first cycle . I have faith that it will work !
 I am not giving it five starts as I have not become pregnant yet . Will update if I do for sure , as I know it will give hope other to women going through the same as me . I am on my second bottle but will keep taking it because it helped me ovulate -LRB- which does n't happen normally -RRB- . I was diagnosed with PCOS and me and my husband have been ttc for over a year and a half . I was also on Clomid for three months and I did n't get pregnant.So , I decided to try something natural . Started a diet to help my PCOS -LRB- no milk products and no wheat , high protein -RRB- and regular exercise . Just bought a fertility monitor -LRB- instead of the pharmacy ovulation tests , as they can be hard to read -RRB- like a month ago and surprisingly it showed that I ovulated this month . So , FertilAid definitely helped with that besides making my periods very regular -LRB- 30 days -RRB- .
 I have been taking this close to two weeks now & have already seen a difference within myself . I 'm not 100 percent sure its because of this product or not , but my hair and nails are a lot healthier and seem to be growing at a faster rate then usual . My overall health is better , I have more energy then I used too . As well as an increased sex drive . So far I have had no side effects . I take 2 in the mornings on a full stomach , then one around dinner . I 've been ttc for over 3 years now and am really hoping this is the answer to my prays and I finally get that positive pregnancy test . We will see in a week or two . If not , I will continue to take this product for another couple months . If I do become pregnant I will update and give this product 5 stars . Good luck to all trying to conceive .
 I can not recommend Fertilaid for both men & women enough . Been trying for 3 years and was told my husband had 0 Morphology , therefore I would never become pregnant ; I am happy to say that after just 8 weeks of using FertilAid for men & women I am 4 weeks pregnant :-RRB- I really believe my pregnancy is down to this product !
 My wife has been trying for about 6 months to get pregnant . We have been charting her BBT 's which has been all over the map ! We have spent thousands of dollars on inseminations , been on clomid taken fertility injections every day , tried Evening Primrose ... We have had no success getting pregnant . A few issue 's came up that I believe are due to progesterone issue 's from her Marena IUD.I read about Vitex -LRB- fertilaid -RRB- and thought we would give it a try . SO FAR this is our first month , she has had her most stable consitant BBT chart temping and has what looks to be a nice healthy ovulation.Now , actually getting pregnant may be another story ... ? We will seeUPDATE ... After the 2nd month my wife DID end up getting pregnant . I know her progesterone was still inefficient so we had her on progesterone , but we credit Fertilaid with this one ! GREAT PRODUCT if you are having trouble getting pregnant and cycles are not regular.SERIOUSLY , I would work for these folks and sell the heck out of this product !
 WOW ! Let me give you a brief history first . I have PCOS and never had a regular cycle . I would get my period for a few months straight and then it stops again for some months ; in the past 4 years it stopped all together . No period = No Ovulation = No baby . We tried clomid and IUI = Fail . Eventually we did IVF and got pregnant , then no period again . Long story short , after a few losses due to other reasons I decided to take a break and focus on getting healthy . I found Fertilaid and purchased it with the intention of just using it to get my period , after the first bottle I felt sick , left work , came home , took a test , and PREGNANT !!!! After that pregnancy , I got back on fertilaid again , it regulated my period and I just found out I am pregnant this morning . Now , we do n't have male issues as fer as fertility is concerned but I order the men 's fertilaid for my husband too.I had a friend that was diagnosed with PCOS also just a couple of months back and I told her to try fertilaid to regulate her cycle before going to Rx drugs she did and she also has great results.The website says it can take up to three months to work , for me and for my friend , it took just one bottle . Good luck !
 I ordered these vitamins back in March I started to take them right away but not even as often as I was suppose too I took them one a day then skipped a couple days and closer to my husband coming back from Afghanistan I really stop taken them then picked back up like two weeks after him coming home in May . My periods have always been very werid the longest I 've ever went with one as been 3 days and no longer than that . So I had one in June from the 16th through the 17th then in July I had it a lil earlier which was weird for me but then I was like okay whatever I never really know when there going to hit and at this point I had got back on schedule to at least taking the vitamins twice a day and at the same time so I would n't forget later to take one and I was on my cycle from the 12th till the 15th and it was light not heavy at all and come August I 'm waiting for the 12th to start my cycle and nothing so I 'm waiting for the 16th and nothing and 12 days after I missed it I got a test I 've actually had 3 test and sure enough I 'm pregnant 9 weeks along and my first intake is next week!So I 'm really excited it worked for me on top of drinking fertil-tea now I have my first lil one on the way and could n't be more happier and grateful with the results ! : -RRB-
 Hello All , I 've read many reviews on this product along with the tea as well . My first day on the pills was yesterday -LRB- 8/14/12 -RRB- and today I 'm starting the tea as well . So far the pills are n't so bad to be honest and the tea tastes fine -LRB- taste like Jasmine tea -RRB- . Like most comments on here , I am too irregular and have been trying for 7 months . I was on the birth control pills for 10 years as well . I am in my early thirties . My husband and I had two ectopic pregnancy within the last 4 months and we are not giving up ! I do hope FertilAid will help my cycle back on track let alone have a healthy reproductive and mostly importantly help me concieve a healthy baby . Best of luck to us!P.S . I will be sure to keep those updated if I see any difference and hopefully concieved within the next month or so . -LRB- I normally do not write reviews or yet do blogs or any of those stuff -RRB- . Best.V.P .
 This product really works , I had irregular cycle and hypo thoride , I recommeded these product to my friends who had reg cycle and they also got benefited and cocieved , so its not only for the people who have irregular cycle I took for complete 6 months , first 3 months it took a while to balance my body , after that my regular p back which was very irregular , , after 3 month of regular cycle I was pregnant , now I have my beautiful , healthy baby without any complication , I am so thankfull to this product , without that it was hard or might be impossible to achieve my most desirable and beautiful dream .
 It really works ! I got pregnant after my first bottle . It is a miracle . At first I was skeptic for any pills and natural supplement , but this one really works . I was concern to try this product , because of the reviews I red - my period is on time and this pills can mess it up . Over all I am very happy and glad I try it . Thank you very much Fertile Aid !!!
 Who 's to say that I would n't have gotten pregnant without it , but I was having a strangely long anovulatory cycle , took Fertilaid for 5 days , had a period , 2 weeks later I ovulated and voila ! I wo n't attribute the pregnancy 100 % to the product , but I think it probably helped . Worth the money .
 We had a handsome 7 year old son and then we had 3 m/c 's trying to conceive another child . We had put our name in at the fertility clinic and had not heard anything . I ordered this with the attitude that it would n't hurt to try . Well we tried and it worked - the day we found out we were pregnant we got our fertility appointment - we were able to give it to someone else.We had a girl that time . More recently as of 10 weeks ago we just had a boy ... . I will note that both times we were only taking the fertilaid for one cycle ... we will certainly endorse this ! ... with our 2 beautiful babies .
 My husband and I had tried unsuccessfully for ten months to conceive our second child . My periods were very regular , but I was 39 years old at the time and we were in a hurry so I ordered some FertilAid . After just a month of taking the supplements as directed , I got pregnant . We lost that pregnancy in an uneventful miscarriage at 9.5 weeks . I gave my body a month off , then started taking FertilAid again . By then I had turned 40 , but within two months , I was pregnant again . It seems that FertilAid gave my body the extra boost it needed to get pregnant and stay pregnant . Our beautiful , healthy son is now six months old and I give FertilAid credit for helping us to complete our family . I would recommend this product to anyone who does not have major medical complications , but rather just seems to need a little extra help in getting pregnant .
 My cycles were crazy after going off the birth control last April and kept getting longer . I was having 50 day cycles finally . I started the pills -LRB- 2 a day instead of the recommended 3 -RRB- at the beginning of December after my last cycle and got my period at the beginning of January . I had a 35 day cycle ! I am very impressed already , especially since I only took 2 pills a day . I 'll keep going and hopefully my cycles will be back to normal even without it . *********** EDIT ************ I ended up getting pregnant 4 months later ... : -RRB-
 Me and my husband had been ttc for about 4 yrs , we were basically giving up and i saw this product on line . We decided to try it . All i can say is we took it for about 2 weeks and i ended up pregnant ! I do n't know if it was the product for sure , but we will definately buy it again if we decide to have another baby .
 I 'm not sure if it works yet but I love that it come with free pregnancy tests if your purchase is 25.00 or more . I cant wait to try the tea as well !
 the delivery was quick i will start takin them next week . im super happy and i hope it works out for me i keep praying .
 `` Since reading all of these wonderful comments -LRB- some which are not so positive-guess when something is going great , there are a handful who have to shoot it down ! -RRB- . . but anyway , I ordered this product last night in high hopes of conceiving ! My DH and I have been TTC for 5 years and nothing ! We did a cycle of IVF last summer and no success . My DH and I both have problems and were told we could n't get pregnant without fertilty . Hopefully , we are not kidding ourselves with trying this product ! ''
 I ordered this product for my husband . No special change yet , but that 's a set of vitamis , so vitamins can help , they do n't hurt to take . We keep trying to have a baby , but no luck so far .
 We 've been ttc for nearly 3 years with no luck . So after seeing this mentioned on a ttc fourm i decided to give it a shot . I have a VERY sensitive stomach , nearly everything upsets it . Vitamins , asprin etc. . . So needless to say i was weary that this to would make me nasuous , even food makes me sick :-LRB- Today was the first day taking it , took all three throughout the day -LRB- as well as fertileCM -RRB- and I am so happy to say these did NOT make me sick and in fact seemed to help curb the nausea problems i have been having lately ! Today was the first day I was able to eat without feeling nausous afterwards , and I just feel good : -RRB- Maybe its all in my head but heres to hoping good things come in the future with this product ! I will for sure post again with results in a couple months !
 Quick delivery . the pills are large but go down easy . no weird smells or aftertaste ! I like that I do not have to take a seperate prenatal vitamin . I will use these daily until our IUI scheduled in December . Keeping fingers crossed that this product will enhance my mucous and ovulation so we only have to do procedure one time . My doctor does not want us doing Clomid yet so after lots of research I purchased these . My husband is happy since he prefers I do as much natural as possible as I have had side effects form various prescriptions I have taken daily for about a month and it seems like mucous is improved . I suggest you get the book '' A Cooperative Method of Natural Birth Control '' by Margaret Nofziger . She goes into great detail about charting your temps , and checking mucous etc. . . Good luck to all those TTC !!
 I must start by first saying that the reason for me considering this product was due to the fact I have PCOS , and birth control was not working well for me . I have very irregular periods . Recently my last period was 5 months ago . I must say that I have been taking fertilaid for the last 2 months . The first month I felt a change in my body immediately , but no period , no pregnancy . I was about to give up on it , but I read a few post and some have waited atleast 3 months , so I decided to press on.The second month I again thought that all hope was lost , 8 weeks on this product and no period . I have had stomach cramps , breast soreness , I have taken several preg test and all negative , so I figured the product was just crap . Well today I got a great surprise , I have now come on my cycle and it feels GREAT !! I never thought I would say that , but I need this to happen so that I can ovulate and concieve . I was so excited . So I now have hope that the product does work . I was just about to go back on the pill since that was the only thing that brought on my periods , well now I 'm glad i pressed on . I love the stuff and feel that it will help me to concieve .
 If you 're skeptical , keep reading!I 'm 23 years old , married , and ttc . I 've always had irregular periods , excessive bleeding for long periods of time , and periods that went MIA for over a year or two . After years of period trouble , I went on the pill before I got married -LRB- big mistake , especially for someone with my menstrual history -RRB- , went off a year later , did n't have a period for two months , then got one suddenly . After that period-nothing . Still no sign of a period six months later . I heard about Fertilaid and thought , for the price , it could n't hurt either way . After less than two months of taking it -LRB- i 'm about to start my third consecutive month of fertilaid -RRB- , my period returned , my first ever NORMAL period . Only five days , as opposed to my 11 to 12 day , heavy , helter skelter few and far between periods I 'd had in the past . This really works if you have a history of irregular cycles or periods . Try it . You 'll be amazed ! I was and still am !
 These days , there are several ways to get pregnant . You can use the likes ofFertility Formula - 3 Bottles / 1 Month Supply . Increase Your Chances of Conceiving With This All-Natural Herbal Remedy For the Treatment of Infertility , or us FertilAid for Women . This product has been approved nationwide , and it is no surprise thanks to the ingredients in the product . FertilAid is safe to use and will guarantee that you have a safe pregnancy .
 Packaging was great ... arrived on time ... and works ... :--RRB- ... after the third month my wife got pregnant ... I 'm so happy ... she 's 6 1/2 weeks ... now ca n't wait to know what we are having
 I started taking Fertilaid in September 2012 as a final self-help method before seeing a doctor . We 'd been trying to conceive for almost 3 years so I was not optimistic as I 'd taken other fertility supplements without success . I 'd read all the rave reviews on Fertilaid and figured it could n't hurt to give it a go . By December I 'd run out of the 3 month supply - I 'd read to take it for AT LEAST 3 months , so I bought another 3 month supply . I also got the CM product . I got my husband the men 's Fertilaid - he took it intermittently , as most men do , they forget to take their supplements ! A few days ago we got our first positive result ! I 'm sure a few other factors such as lifestyle change also contributed , but I attribute the positive result to Fertilaid as well . In addition to the positive result , the supplement also made me feel more energetic and really helped my acne skin and strengthened my hair and nails considerably .
 After going off the Birth Control pill , my cycles were irregular and I did n't think I was ovulating . As I 'm 29 , I felt my body clock ticking and decided to give this a go to regulate my cycles and to allow me to start ovulating . I started taking this product along with Fertilaid CM in mid September . By late October , I was pregnant ! I 'm now 17 weeks along with my baby due July 3 . I 'm not sure whether it was just luck or the Fertilaid , but I could n't be happier ! I 'd definitely recommend this product !
 I really like this product . It seems it is regulating my cycles and eventually I will TTC -LRB- maybe this month -RRB- . However I recommend you buy it straight from the seller , as you will get coupons for discounts and fast/free shipping . I have been using this since October and have noticed a great difference in the length of my cycle . In addition , I am not spotting anymore -LRB- mid cycle -RRB- and my menstruation days have shortened as well .
 I have never used any protection with my husband in the 9 years I have been with him , Im 26 and figured I could n't get pregnant . I decided to try this before I go to the doctors and see what they could do for me . I had no idea this would work so fast ! I only took this for 2 months then BAM I was pregnant ! The pregnancy went great and I had a beautiful healthy baby girl ! She is now a year old and I havent gotten pregnant again so I think im gon na order me some more . I had given the rest of my bottle to my neighbor that was trying to get pregnant and 3 months later she was pregnant .
 Me and my husband have been trying to conceive for four years now . Got pregnant last year but miscarried 4 1/2 months into the pregnancy . Ever since then my periods have been irregular , I would get them for two weeks then stop for one then again . Me and my husband started taking Fertilaid about 3 weeks ago . 4 days after I started I got my period . Bright red , a little bit more painful but it lasted 5 days then I was done . It was amazing !!!! ... still no pregnancy but after trying all kinds of natural things so far Fertilaid is the only product that has regulated my period therefore my ovulation . We will be purchasing our second month soon and are hoping to get good news for the beginning of the year
 We are 6weeks Preggies . It worked.we loved it and would use it again the next time we try ... happy and excited
 used product twice both resulted in pregnancy I toke them in June tested in Aug and was 4wks I 'm now 22 Wis awaiting the arrival of our son gud luck and God bless product works even better along with prayer n patience
 I started taking this about 2 months ago along with pregnitude and my husband the male version . We have been ttc since May 2010 after we lost our daughter at 23 weeks in Feb 2010 . So far it hasnt worked for pregnancy . However , i was pretty regular before starting this but with extremely heavy bleeding for the first 3 days of my cycle and they last 7-8 days . Since taking this my cycles are not as heavy and subside for the most part by evening of day 3 and its just spotting day 4-6 . That alone has helped me . My cycles were also extremely painful and since starting this they are not so bad in tha pain dept either !! I will update this if and when we ever become pregnant !
 Hubby and I have been trying for 1 year . My AF comes after 46 to 52 days . And last for 8 days . I started taking FA July 20th . So far I feel twinges in my ovaries . My hormones and moods are not `` all over the place '' . I can feel the difference . I have not ovulated yet , however im going to in the next few days .
 I started this product on July 12th , 3 days after my AF went away . I had cycles that were lasting between 33 and 47 days . I could n't even begin to pinpoint my OV day . I noticed changes 2 days after taking these pills . I checked my saliva every day and for the first time I was able to tell when my fertile week was and was able to tell which day I ovulated . Which was 7 days after I started taking the FertilAid -LRB- I thought I OV later in my cycle , so I was way off -RRB- . My cycle was 37 days last time and this cycle was 29 . That is a big wonderful difference . My hubby and I just did n't get to `` it '' on time this month but I 'm confident that this will work for us in the next couple of months . I 'm just super excited to have a `` regular '' cycle ! I just bought the FertilAid CM to take with the FertilAid and hopefully that will help . Good luck to everyone and Baby Dust !
 I am not pregnant yet ... But Fertilaid has totally helped regulate my cycle . My cycles were anywhere from 26 days to 30 days , so not that crazy . After the first month of fertilaid , I have a perfect 28 day cycle . The pills are not hard to swallow . Taking them three times day , gets old . So hopefully I will get my BFP soon !
 i have been taking this product for three months . i used to have extremely irregular periods and now they come every thirty days just like clockwork . i have not yet become pregnant due to we havent really been trying but now that we know that i am regular we will start this month . i will let you know how it turns out
 I had issues with getting my cycle regulated after I had been off of Nuvaring for 6 mos . My husband and I wanted to try and conceive and my body was not cooperating . I had cycles ranging from 29 - 37 days . I would get positive OPK tests but based on BBT , I never actually ovulated.I had heard about Fertilaid on -LSB- ... -RSB- so I started to research it . After reading so much positive things about this supplement , I thought , ca n't hurt !! So , I ordered it immediately.I started taking it about 2 times a day - on about day 3 of my period . I only took for about 1 1/2 weeks when I actually ovulated . I could tell based on stretchy cervical fluid.Fast forward a few weeks ... I got a big fat positive pregnancy test . My cycle would have been about 29 days had my period actually started.This product is amazing !
 I bought this probably a year ago and it has just been sitting in my cabinets because im so bad with taking anything . well i finally started using it because i was so sick of having wacky periods . i started to take it the 1st day of my cycle . and actually i didnt even finish them but let me tell u , i have never had fertility signs in my life ! this month i had eggwhite CM and also I ovulated and had a posative OPK . and 30 days later my period came . I know I didnt get pregnant off of it . could be because i didnt BD on my ovulation day but im just happy i got my AF on time . And its funny i dont even have menstral cramps or bloatingness like i usually do . i dont know if it was the pill or what but i love them enough to use them just to get my period on time .
 I oredered this product lat December after Christmas . I am 39 years old and my husband and I are hoping to have a child . Because of my age , I decided to give nature a little help without the use ofmedications . I became pregnant after 2 1/2 months of use . Unfortunately , I miscarried at 11 weeks . Be sure to read all of the product information so that you are not disillusioned . My husband and I are not discouraged and elieve that this product helped use concieve naturally .
 I started taking this to help regulate my cycle and I believe it has helped ! I have been taking for 4 months and have had very normal cycles -LRB- 29-30 days -RRB- each month . Prior to use I was all over the place some up to 50 days . So for me it has been great ! We are just now TTC this month so we will see !
 Lots of people on here are complaining that they didnt conceive right off the bat . It does say that it can take 3 months to take effect but I must.say that I feel amazing I have energy and my mood is so much better . I reall hope this helps me conceive . fingers and toes crossed
 My husband and I were TTC for 7 months and when I took this for a month I got pregnant ! Worth a shot !
 I used it two month , both month it helped me to ovulate but I do n't know why I did n't get pregnant : -LRB- Update 15 feb
 I am so happy with the way the packaging came , so discreet & very quick as well . I am now hoping it will help , wish me luck : -RRB-
 Hi ladies ! I ordered FA on the 13th and received it on the 18th . I was so happy . I just started taking the huge pills , so my journey is just beginning ! I 'll keep everyone updated ! High hopes !!! Update Apr 2012 . Unfortunately FA did not work for me . I am trying Vitex , heard really good reviews .
 my boyfriend and i have been ttc for 6mos and still nothing i surfed around and found fertilaid although i was skepticali tried it althoughi didnt find out i was pregnent till a month later altrasound showed i was preg . in november wich means after taking the pills for 10 days we concieved .
 Recieved the package nice and neat . im on my second day , hoping for a period soon . i have not had regular periods for a very long time . im taking with fertiltea . hoping for the best . Good luck all . i will keep u all posted
 MY husband and i have been trying to conceive for years now with NO luck , My period is all out of whack . I wanted to be put on Clomid but my Doctor told me that i should wait . But My husband and I want a baby ASAP . We just ordered fertilAid . . so I guess we shall see what happens . I was also told by my Doctor that I dont Ovulate ... so Im going by stories on here that it can work . I really hope this works for me . I shall keep you all posted . Thanks for reading.-USMC Wife
 I have been ttc for over a year . My periods are somewhat normal , but I do not ovulate regularly . I have read so many wonderful reviews about Fertilitea , so I decided to give it a try . I ordered the tea last week and just received it Friday . I started taking the tea on last Saturday . I drink 3 cups a day . Hopefully , soon I will have great news to share with you all .
 I purchased this to help regulate my periods and it has done just that . This is a great product . It makes me feel very healthy . I have replaced my daily multi-vitamin with this product . I just take it once a day .
 I had irregular periods after taking birth control for years . I was trying to get pregnant but was not having any luck because I could n't tell when I was ovulating . I asked my doctor if she thought FertilAid was safe and/or effective and she said it could n't hurt . I was pregnant after only 1 month of taking it ! I do n't know if it was because of the pills or if it was just the right time but I ovulated on time after taking the pills . If you have irregular periods this is worth a try .
 This product is worth it if your irregular . I was irregular and it has already helped my cycle . Were not pregnant yet but we hope that will happen since this product has helped me get regular .
 I am ttc since September 2009 . My period has been irregular ever since I had my 1st child -LRB- almost 4 years ago -RRB- . I want to have a baby so bad and I started reading everything ... About policystic ovary syndrome , vitex , irregularity , obesity when ttc . . Everything ! Got thermometers , ovulation tests , early pregnancy test , started taking folic acid ... All u name I did.So After reading about vitex I thought I should give a try to `` fix up '' my period situation . After reading from a reviewer that vitex gets you depressed , I decided to read about Fertilaid . -LRB- I am depressed enough for not getting pregnant -RRB- Bottom line is , NO , I AM NOT pregnant , YET -LRB- I will let you guys know soon -RRB- , but I amso happy , I got my period right on time ! 32 days after my last period , exactly how it used to be . And it 's only ONE MONTH after I started to take this product.I am pretty confident about this product ! I will write soon ! ;-RRB- i think if you have irregular period and is ttc , Try it ! ;-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- UPDATE
 I can not remember the last time -LRB- or if -RRB- I 've written an amazon review . But this one was very important and I wanted to have another honest opinion on this product out there.First off , my cycles were very irregular and often too short . -LRB- So I ca n't attest to those who have long periods or regular . -RRB- I had one confirmed and other possible miscarriages within the last year and therefore had seen a fertility specialist . Though I was convinced that I was actually getting pregnant and not being able to maintain hormones until I could get a positive , my doctor thought otherwise . My problem -LRB- which I mention because you need to know what exactly was `` fixed '' by fertilaid -RRB- was that I am estrogen dominate , therefore decreasing my FSH hormone and potentially progesterone . She said though there was a small chance I could conceive on my own , I more than likely would not without help and she suggested artificial insemination and In Vitro . Because we do n't exactly have thousands of dollars for attempting this , I sought out natural alternatives instead . I came across fertilaid and was bewildered by the differences in the 5 stars or 1 stars . Since I researched the ingredients and none of them seemed to cause any harm , I figured for myself it was worth the risk because what 's the worst it could it do ? Make my cycles more irregular?I started fertilaid after I ovulated on one cycle and continued for the beginning of my next . What do you know but on day 24 of that cycle I tested slightly positive -LRB- on the wonderful Wondfo strips which are the earliest I 've seen -RRB- . However less than 12 hrs later the positive was fading -LRB- yes I took them every so hours ... and rightly so -RRB- . I called my doctor right away and went in for blood test . Sure enough my HcG level was 20.5 -LRB- 20 is pregnancy minimum to maintain -RRB- and progesterone was 13 where the lowest should be 16 . I was put on progesterone straight away and have been able to maintain my pregnancy so far -LRB- 8 weeks -RRB- . I am convinced that what I thought was true , that I simply have not been able to maintain my progesterone in the past leading to early miscarriages . Therefore my only conclusion is that Fertilaid not only helped me get pregnant , but balanced my estrogen and progesterone long enough for a positive to be detected . Who knows ? If I would have taken it longer I might not have even needed progesterone support ? Though that 's mearly speculation . All I can say for sure is , after 13 consecutive cycles the only month I got a positive was the one on fertilaid . I am now a believer . I even have an extra bottle for the next time we ttc .
 I 've have a family history of very irregular cycles . I would go as long as 8 or 9 months without a cycle then feel very ill when it did come . Due to my high risk for endometriosis -LRB- my mom 's later turned into Ovarian Cancer -RRB- I have been on the pill since I was 16 years old -LRB- 13 years ! -RRB- . I did n't want to have 8 or 9 months go by without a period and decided to try fetilaid out -LRB- after missing a couple periods -RRB- to help my cycle naturally while TTC . After about 1 1/2 months later I THOUGHT I got my period and was estatic , but nope I AM PREGANT ! Turns out it was implantation bleeding . Funny thing was I had just received some ovulation/pregnancy tests from Amazon and thought I got ripped off because they were all coming out positive . I even had my husband take one . . lol -LRB- his was negative -RRB- ! A run to Walgreen 's and a dr 's appt later , it 's confirmed . I never even got a period , as soon as I ovulated , I conceived . THIS SUPPLEMENT IS A GODSEND !! Note
 I rarely write reviews but felt it I needed to for this product . I 'm 41 years old and my boyfriend and I were trying for about 5 months with no luck . I have a son from a previous marriage and it was no problem conceiving him , however that was 5 years ago and with another man . We got my boyfriends sperm tested and it was ok , not great . 70 million but only 35 % swam . My period is irregular which compounded the problem . I meditated on getting pregnant and asked for guidance . I came across these products and ordered them right away . This is what I took
 After going off the pill , my first cycle was about 50 days ... the next one 45 , and then 45 again . It was making it very hard to estimate ovulation , and also my luteal phase was only about 6 or 7 days . After one month of taking Fertilaid my cycle went to 33 days and my luteal phase to 8 days . The next month I was pregnant . I really have to credit this stuff with my success !
 I am still breastfeeding my son at 17 months and did n't have my period back yet . I wanted to get it back so that we could start trying for our second . I had no sign of my period coming back . Within 2 weeks of taking fertilaid I felt like I was PMS-ing and I was ! I got my period just 2 weeks after taking fertilaid . Here 's the catch - I was having really strange side effects like dizziness and cramping so I decided to go off fertilaid because I did n't like how I felt . That 's when I got my period . I am not going to take it again because of the negative side effects but I will say that it is powerful stuff because it brought my period back after over 2 years of not having it .
 I have a condition where my cervix produces negative cells , which is caused by a cervix that is backwards . I can not get pregnant because my body does n't always ovulate . I had been told about FertilAid , so I ordered it . Now , I am regular . Every 28 days I have a period . Never fails . I always know when I 'm going to start . So ... to be cautious , I started FertilAid on the FIRST day that I was not on my period . I only took 2 pills per day instead of the 3 . I called my doc because I was peeing out what looked like large flakes of ash . I went in for a test , this was my negative cells dying and coming out . What a great thing ! So , after about a week of no more `` ash '' coming out , I quit taking the pills . 6 weeks later , we were pregnant ! I will rely on FA the next time we are TTC . I love it , and we have a healthy 8 month old baby boy . Thank you FertilAid !
 I was skeptical about this product at first , because I have a normal menstrual cycle and read the other reviews saying that it messed up their cycle . Im very glad I decided to still give it a try . I got pregnant after using this product for 3 months . I ordered FertilAid for women and FertilAid for men for my husband . We had been ttc for 9 months and was on Clomid for the first few months . I decided to stop Clomid and try something more natural and it worked .
 I had read that the herb chasteberry can help with ovulation . When I started taking FertilAid , I saw immediate results . I had regular cycles for the first time ever . I became pregnant after only taking FertilAid for 3 months . With my last pregnancy , I had to take Clomid to get pregnant . The pill is easy to swallow and did not upset my stomach at all . The only thing I did n't like is you have to take FertilAid 3 times a day .
 I am 35 -LRB- just about 36 -RRB- and have been trying to get pregnant for the past several months . Ladies you know that when you go off the Pill that your cycle goes wacky right ? Well , when I saw this product , I was a sceptic but after looking at the other reviews I thought I would give it a try . If it only helped regulate my cycle I would have been happy with my purchase , but ladies after taking this product for only a month and a half , I am pregnant !! It was a challenge to remember to take it three times each day , but once you get into the habit of taking it at certain times it is not so bad . I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is looking to get pregnant .
 Good evening all ! I was reading all of your wonderful success stories , congratulations . I just wanted to say that I to had difficulty with irregular cycles and tried clomid for 5 months unsuccessfully . I decided to plan a cruise and forget the clomid for awhile . In the back of my mind I could n't quite give up trying to have a baby , so I bought some Vitex on a whim . Three days before my cruise I found out I was pregnant !!!! Vitex chasteberry is one of the ingredients in Fertilaid . Vitex regulates hormones and causes cycles to regulate and ovulation to occur . It really works . I had 37 to 40 day cycles . . and sometimes longer . With Vitex I have 30 day cycles with ovulation on the 15th day . I will leave you with my main point ... the drops of vitex were under $ 10 for a months supply . My daughter Natalia is a Vitex success story . I hope to have another success story soon as well ... :-RRB- God Bless and Good luck !
 For Women With Regular Cycles : So , I finally tried FertilAid for one month - after contemplating for several months whether or not I should begin taking the vitamins since I have a 100 % REGULAR 28-day cycle . I have never missed a period or had any problems with it , other than the usual cramping when it comes on . But I wanted to take these vitamins for prenatal/pms/hormonal balancing benefits while TTC.I started the vitamins on Day 1 of my cycle , ovulated as normal on Day 14 -LRB- had severe ovulation cramps though compared to my normal cramping - which meant they were working and improving my hormone levels -RRB- and my period came on exactly as expected - on day 28 . I did not get pregnant but I no longer have any worries that these vitamins will mess up a perfectly normal cycle as stated in some of the scary reviews I 've read -LRB- which kept hindering me from trying these out -RRB- . So this review is for the WOMEN with REGULAR CYCLES who are unsure whether or not they should take FertilAid . I think while you 're TTC , FertilAid will give you a hormonal boost . I 'm on month 2 taking FertileAid and will definitely come back and report when I get a sticky bean . P.S. I took these along with the FertileCM vitamins . Due to the amino acid in FertileCM , I also experienced enhanced hair and nail growth . I will be working on my eating plan while on FertilAid for the next several months and will hopefully conceive in the early part of 2010 . Rated 4 stars since I did n't get preg -LRB- hehe -RRB- !
 I have been using Fertilaid for 2,5 months to regulate my anovulatory cycle and I 've started to see that it really works . Here is my story
 I have always had very irregualr cycles steming from 13 yrs old to most recently 28 years old . I always had an underlying feeling that I would have a problem getting pregnant . I tried for months to get pregnant & nothing was happening . My doctor gave me a prescription for clomid , which I really did n't want to take so I began searching the web for an alternative . Lucky for me , I found FertilAid . I took it for 4 weeks & became pregnant . I am now 7 weeks along . I highly recommend this supplement .
 I have been meaning to write this review for quite awile now , and I 'm finally getting around to it . I need to give you a little background on our trying to conceive , etc. , before I rave about this product . I have very irregular cycles and very long cycles . My husband was tested , and his sperm did not meet the minimum requirements the testing would consider okay for his the sperm `` swimming speed '' and morphology . We were told that we `` could '' conceive , but the chances would be slim with both of us having issues with fertility . Our next step was going to be fertility drugs , etc. . Since neither one of us wanted to use the fertility drugs if we did n't have to , we both thought we would give FertilAid for Men and Women a try . I had seen an ad for FertilAid in a magazine at my doctor 's office . If the FertilAid did n't seem to help after a year , then we would try the fertility drugs . Up to the point of deciding to try FertilAid , we had been trying to conceive for three years with no luck . With each passing month and no pregnancy , it was getting very stressful and emotional . We ordered FertilAid for Men & Women . We both started to take the FertilAid . Within three months of taking FertilAid , we were PREGNANT !!!! We could n't believe it . Sadly , though , at 12 weeks , we lost our baby . We were told that we could try again after three months . After the three-month waiting time , we took FertilAid again . After taking the FertilAid again for three more months and trying to conceive , we were PREGNANT ! We were so very excited and scared at the same time . This time , all went well with the pregnancy ; and we are the very , very proud parents of a wonderful little boy . Our son is now a year old . Like I said , I wanted to write this review for a while ; and I 'm finally getting to it . We plan on trying to have another baby , and we will definitely be using FertilAid again . We believe that without the help of FertilAid and God , we would n't have our beautiful son . When I was taking FertilAid , I could tell that my cycle was getting to be what would be considered normal , at least for me . As for my husband , the only way that we would know for sure that it was helping him is for him to get tested again to compare the test results from before and after taking FertilAid ; but since we did n't have a good outlook before taking FertilAid and we had success after taking FertilAid , we believe it helped do what the product claims to do . We are looking forward to using FertilAid again and to have a wonderful new addition to our family . : -RRB-
 I am 30 years old and my husband is 29 . We have been trying for about 4 months to get pregnant without success . I began to take FertilAid and noticed changes -LRB- for the better -RRB- right away ! My period was on time and the flow seemed so much richer , the color more like you hear described as ideal . For years now my period has been irregular and the blood a very dark color instead of pinkish red which is ideal . Right away , using this product , my body was transformed ! Within the first month I became pregnant ! I am now 4 weeks , going on 5 weeks along ! I totally believe this product helped me to concieve , I truly hope it can help you too !
 I started taking Fertilaid on December 12 , 2011 . I decided to take if after 9 months of trying and 15 periods . Due to a hormonal imbalance , my cycle would come about every two weeks , and I tried different ways to regulate it -LRB- exercise , diet , etc. -RRB- , but nothing was working . I searched the internet and found Fertilaid , read the reviews and decided to give it a try . I was skeptical because a lot of women who had success with Fertilaid had the opposite problem from me , where they 'd have only 4 periods a year . Still , I was up for trying anything . Two weeks after taking Fertilaid , I got another period . I was n't disheartened though because I knew that it would take some time to work and I promised myself I would take it for at least three months . Two weeks after that menstruation , I had EWCM for the first time since coming off of BC back in April of 2011 . Now I 'm in my TTW , but I 'm hopeful that if I do n't get pregnant this month , I will shortly . My body is finally back to normal and I have a real chance of getting pregnant now . If you are considering taking Fertilaid , JUST DO IT ! It regulated my cycle better then I could 've imagined with four days of EWCM and ovulation cramping and it 's all natural . I absolutely love this product and will recommend it to anyone and everyone TTC . -LRB- I will update when I get pregnant -RRB-
 I started Fertilaid on Oct 4 , my period came on exactly Oct 7 which was 26 days , my normal cycle runs 27 days but before my surgery was running from 22-27 days a very big gap , so I thought this was perfect . I had no pain or discomfort with this cycle . In fact my cycle has been very medium/light and I am normally heavy/clotty so I know it 's working . I also have to add that I had a laparoscopy performed on Sept 29 and the Dr. said that my first cycle would be very heavy due to all the stage two endo and scar tissue/cyst removed . The Dr. also left a small fibroid , so even with a small fibroid my cycle is the best I have had in years !!! This stuff is amazing , I have n't gotten pregnant yet but will update when I do .
 I just got this on the 21st and I 've only been taking it for 4 days . Well low and behold , I 've started my period after over 70 days of not having one . If this is how it 's going to be with these pills , then I 'm all for it ! I 've been irregular since my first period , so this is a nice change . Ca n't wait to see what else these pills have in store for me ! Will keep everyone updated : -RRB-
 The delivery was prompt and packaging was completely in tact . Started taking the supplements and immediately started ovulating . This is great news for me because before taking them I was n't . So very happy I decided to purchase them , without them I would have to be prescribed clomid . Hope this helped ! Happy baby making !
 This stuff is amazing and puts me on a regular cycle . After Depo I thought I 'd never ovulate again , this stuff really helped my body regulate itself . I was very impressed .
 Since I my first period I was never regular . At 21 my gyn put on me the pill to regulate it . I took the pill for 9 years . On november 2010 I had a laparoscopy due to a cyst found in my left ovary . After the surgery and with no pills at all my cycles were more irregular than ever . Between one cycle and other were 56 days . The gyn recommended me Provera a `` jump to start after the pill '' but after so many bad reviews DH and I decided not to take it and instead tried Fertilaid which has amazing reviews . Three days after taking it I had my first period . After the first bottle I decided to take a second bottle to maintain my cycle in 33 days -LRB- Fertilaid decreased from 56 to 33 days ! -RRB- . When I started taking the second bottle 5 days before AF I had my BFP !! I am 5 weeks pregnant now . We tried to conceived for 3 months before Fertilaid and after Fertilaid it took us only month and a half . I totally recommended this product .
 This is an amazing product . I usually like to keep things all natural and not have any kind of `` medical '' influence on my body , HOWEVER , my husband and I were having a hard time conceiving a second child after an early miscarriage several months ago so I decided to see if this product could at least regulate my very long cycles . I received the pills around day 26 of my cycle and began taking them right away , thinking it would help me get a period and start a new cycle quickly . That did not happen ... instead , I actually ovulated about a week after starting the pills and 11 days after that I got a BFP !!!!! I just had my first OB appt a few days ago and the doc says everything is looking great and we even saw a heartbeat ! I 'm almost 7 weeks now and hoping everything continues to go well and I have a healthy pregnancy and baby : -RRB-
 I was diagnosed with PCOS -LRB- poly-cystic ovarian syndrome -RRB- and have had a wacky cycle for years . I was put on birth control and a bunch of other medicines to help regulate my cycle , but it was all too much . The last medication I tried was Metformin , which did nothing , at the highest dose . I stumbled upon FertilAid for Women while doing some internet research , and decided to give it a try . After taking it for only 2 weeks , my cycle started on its own !!!! I am using it as a cycle regulator , not to get pregnant right off , but still , I highly recommend this to anyone out there with an abnormal cycle !
 I was taking ibuprofen daily for knee pain . The MDs have no solution for pain as a result of meniscus tears . They say they no longer do surgery for pain as your only symptom . I tried tons of different things but finally found that usingInflameAway - Celadrin Advanced Joint Health , 150ct Softgelsand this D-Flame in place of the ibuprofen I was taking daily just to cope with pain made life tolerable again . I could take my kids to the park and do the grocery shopping without crying by the time I got home . Controlling inflammation by avoiding too much sugar & bad fats was another piece of the puzzle for me . I 'm so glad I found this product and some other solutions . The MDs were no help at all and my quality of life was horrible with that pain . They just blamed it on my weight but sure was difficult for me to lose weight when the pain kept me on the couch for 3 years .
 I have fibromyalgia and have also had severe hip pain for the last couple of years . I began taking D-Flame about 3 weeks ago . Just two pills a day , one in the morning and one at night , and I no longer take any other medications for pain . The hip pain seems to be almost completely gone and the fibro pain is greatly diminshed and I have n't noticed any side effects . I am not totally pain free at this point , but the pain relief allows me to function more normally and I am hoping for even greater pain relief as I continue taking the product .
 I too needed to get off Advil as it keeps causing me kidney problems . I ordered this last month and began taking Three Capsules Twice a Day . The label says to take with food , but I do not find that necessary . I find that D-Flame is more effective in reducing muscle pain then Advil and I have had no side effects . I also have needed less Soma since taking this .
 This did indeed take away the swelling of my bad knee as well as some of the pain . I do n't use it everyday , but when my knee flares up .
 My doctor suggested that I try D-flame for my arthritis pain in my knees . I have been using it for a year and it has been like a miracle for me . I have n't had any pain since I started using this product daily . I use this along with omega fish oil . My knees are back to what they were ten years ago .
 My wife has taken D-Flame for a number of years now to help with inflammation and her arthritis ... It is especially helpful when she has flare-ups ... We buy four bottles at a time to save on shipping .
 I ordered these pills for my mother and she said that they are very good .
 Okay , the title 's a little crude , but are n't we all a little oral ? For some reason harder and harder to find in the stores , I buy these by the carton and find myself `` sharing '' with friends . Great for the breath , low in calories , an upper for the taste buds . I think they 're as good as the original that come in the tube and are full of sugar , and I 'm so happy Amazon carries them !
 This product uses Sorbitol and Asparthame to add sweetness , instead of typical sugar . The Nutritional Fact sheet on the back of the package said '35 Calories per 4 mints serving ' . The packaging also said ' 40 % fewer calories than regular Pep-O-Mint Hard Candy ' . There are about 24 individually wrapped in a single bag . Personally , I think it leaves better after taste than other ` sugar-free ' candies .
 I love to snuggle up with a good book and a handful of these sugar-free peppermints in the evening , knowing there 's no sugar to hype me up -LRB- or bulk me up ! -RRB- and they taste just as good as the originals . A huge step up from the sugar-free mints sold in rolls , these have solve my late night sweet tooth for years .
 I am a diabetic and these mints are great-they taste just like the ones with sugar and have no nasty aftertaste .
 sugar free lifesaver mints in peppermint or spearmint are great for snack instead of eating what i really want to eat - which would inevitably be overly-caloric . Aside from that , they taste good , are nicely-protected by good packaging , and are at a reasonably-good price from Amazon
 They 're LIFESAVERS , by golly , so everybody KNOWS they taste good already . Here are a few of the finer points . These are sugar free , so people worried about sugar for any of a number of health reasons need not worry about these . They are also individually wrapped . Big deal , you say , so what ? Well , you can toss a few in your pocket on the way out to lunch , which is great because they do n't give out fancy breath mints at the burger and chili joint drive through . This feature also means that you do n't have to throw the tape dispensor at coworkers who thoughtlessly plunge their grubby unwashed hands into your candy supply , should you choose to keep some at the office . They ARE more expensive than those that do NOT come individually wrapped , however , buying by the case helps defray the cost , and it 's worth the small added expense for the convenience and to spare the lives of your office mates .
 This mint is very minty . It has a stronger mint flavor than the one with sugar . Only problem , it is n't carried by my local stores .
 Great sugar-free candy that actually tastes better than the same flavor made with sugar . It is very difficult to find in larger quantities .
 I mean ... they 're lifesavers , for crying out loud . If you pop them all day , then this size package is a good buy .
 These give you a full day 's worth of calcium and are easy to swallow . These are perfect for those of us who do n't take in too much dairy due to a distaste for milk or lactose intolerance . Bluebonnet is also a good , all natural brand of vitamin . No added chemicals or junk that 's bad for your system . Always go for all natural ingredients and/or raw food ingredients in vitamins -- and always go for capsules over tablets . They absorb best and companies that use tablets heavily tend to either skimp or over do it on the amounts of nutrients in their supplements . And there 's currently no regulation for this by the FDA , so you have to do the research and look out for yourself and your family . I highly recommend this Calcium supplement and pretty much anything by Bluebonnet .
 I highly recommend this product for everyone over 30 years of age . I 've seen those elderly people who suffer from osteoporosis and I do n't want to follow in their foot steps . I am in my late forties and will take this product forever . It arrived on time and was a super great price . This is a must to add to your daily diet to stay healthy and prevent osteoporosis . I 've been taking it for two years now and recently purchased it for my two sisters as well . A little bit of prevention goes a long way ...
 I 've been a big fan of Bluebonnet for a long time , and because they are one of the few vitamin providers who make a calcium softgel , it was an easy choice for me to make . I 'm just about to purchase my 2nd bottle . Highly recommended .
 Great product , well known name , easy to take , most milligrams for least number of doses , good price for the milligrams .
 BY FAR the best tasting BCAA I 've tried . Really , all of them contain the same amount of Branched Chain , so that 's not the issue . It always comes down to taste . I 've even taken this without water - or mix it with VERY little water -LRB- think shot glass -RRB- . OR I 've mixed in a tall glass with ice and sip -LRB- as a treat when I 'm cutting for a competition -RRB- . I do mark it down a little because it contains aspertame ... I 've tried another BCAA that uses Stevia - but it does n't taste as good -LRB- perhaps why Coke is taking so long with their Stevia soda - aspertame just tasted better -RRB- . This mixes `` ok '' but does require some fork action - in a shaker or with a palm over the cup -LRB- or a in a bottle -RRB- its just fine .
 Some BCAA powders are best left in a chem lab but this is a great tasting grape drink that goes down easy and gives you an immediate release of BCAA 's and glutamine . I love this stack and start every work out with a serving .
 This stuff tastes good and gives a good pick up , would definitely recommend this product . Really good mixed with a fruit punch creatine .
 It is good , effective , re-cover the muscle tissue . Good for using prior to excercise . But more expensive if you compare to the other brands .
 I was interested in finding a BCAA supplement that was affordable and low in sugars as a supplement to my protein shakes . This product fit the bill very well . However , packaging can be deceiving and the container is much smaller than it looks . however , it packs the amount of BCAAs it advertises in a great-tasting , low-sugar , grape flavoring . I highly recommend this . There are superior products but they cost a lot more per serving .
 This is a great product and perfect for after a long weightlifting or training session . The best BCAA powder I 've tried and the grape flavor is nice
 Great product , was backordered so had to wait a month . Wont order again unless I am 100 % sure in stock . Not that great to wait
 I have been using this anti perspirant since I was 16 . -LRB- Now 63 -RRB- . It was recommended to my mom as something that would not stain my prom dress . I still love it ! It works well , and it has never stained my clothes .
 For many years I used Secret then one day I just broke out in a terrible rash . I then started my search for the right antiperspirant/deodorant to no avail . I spent TONS of money on different brands only to end up tossing them because they gave me terrible rashes . Huge waste of money . I tried EVERYTHING . I was pretty much out of options and did not know what I was going to . Then one day while at the 99 Cent Only Store -LRB- in Los Angeles -RRB- I saw this one . I never would have normally bought deodorant at the 99cent store but I was desperate . I am SOOOOOO glad I tried it . It has been the ONLY one that will not give me a rash . Keeps me dry all day . Best of all NO RASHES !!! I have been a loyal user now for over 15 yrs . Only problem was that they were SO hard to find that when I did find them I had to pretty much buy out a stores supply . I never knew if they were going to discontinue it or not . Seems any time I find something I like they discontinue it . I am so glad to see that more stores have it available online though prices do vary greatly . I never pay more than 80 cent to a dollar for them . I hope they never stop making or selling these because I dont know what I would do with out them . I have tried both the powder fresh and unscented . I love the powder fresh the best , though it can make me a little itchy if I shaved too fast or too much . I just try to be more careful and not rush so much . I do n't know how to tell you how great it is not to get rashes anymore . The would be so bad that they would span my whole underarm and side boob as they call it . If you are sensitive to most deodorants you might want to give this a shot . At the price you can definitely afford it .
 I am 60 years old and have been using deodorant since I was 13 . My mother only used Hi & Dri and I never knew why . NOW I KNOW . It is without a doubt THE best deodorant on the market . No odor at all at the end of the day ! None ! I ca n't understand why Revlon does n't advertise it more .
 I have been using this deodorant over 10 years . I am very happy to find it here at amazon . This deodorant is the only one that makes you feel clean , safe and leave no stains in your clothing . There is no comparison with no other product in the market . I hope they will make this forever !
 This deodorant is the strongest I 've ever used . It lasts all day . I 've been using it for years . Ca n't find it in stores anywhere . It 's the good stuff that you ca n't find ; must be a conspiracy ... lol
 I HAVE BEEN USING THIS MARVELOUS PRODUCT FOR OVER 40 YEARS AND WILL NEVER STOP ENJOYING IT 'S PERFORMANCE!WHEN YOU FIND A GREAT THING AND IT WORKS FOR YOU , NO NEED TO MAKE ANY CHANGES .
 I loved this product . Its got a soft fragrance and lasts for 7-8 hours at least . The reason I took off 1 star is because when you apply it first , it feels a little sticky but after few minutes it dries out and feels good.I would recommend this product .
 I bought this battery to replace the original battery that came with my alarm system . Took about 1 minute to install and so far , I 've had no problems .
 Item was &#34; as advertised &#34; . Advantages were ; good price with good value -LRB- for it 's purpose -RRB- . No particular disadvantages were noted yet .
 The company got me the battery in the promised time , even though we had a hurricane distruction all around . I was impressed . The battery was put in place , and the alarm system is working just fine . I would recommend this company and product highly .
 I got this to replace an alarm battery that had died after 8 years . It was an easy drop in and looked the same as the old one , worked straight away . Pricing was also very good for a product that will last for many years .
 I purchased this for use as a power backup to my home alarm system ... The battery shipped quickly and works flawlessly .
 Like others who have bought this item , my residential alarm 's back-up battery was on its last legs and the keypad panel was beeping at me to replace it . It fit perfectly .
 Share your own related imagesEnerSys Genesis -LRB- formerly Yuasa -RRB- NP4-12 - 12 Volt/4 Amp Hour Sealed Lead Acid ... Rechargeable Battery for Security Systems -RSB- -RSB- Ordered a new battery for security system and is working great
 Battery was an exact match for my house alarm and I saved money buying from amazon rather than buying from my alarm company ! Thank you ! No more loud annoying beeping to tell me I needed to replace the battery !
 I was about to contact my alarm company to come and fix the `` low battery '' message I kept getting , when I decided to do some research online . -LRB- The alarm company 's literature about my alarm system does not mention anything about replacing the battery . Nice way to get more money out of customers ! -RRB- Since the system is more than a few years old , the brand of battery that was in it was no longer in business , but when I ran the name/size in Amazon , the EnerSys Np4-12 came up , so I decided to order it . It arrived within a few days , fully charged , so as soon as I switched it out for my old battery , the error message on my alarm keypad went away . One month later , still no error message . Problem solved , for about 1/5 the cost of what the alarm company would have charged me to make a house call !
 I believe this is too short to review this item , it worked well from the start , it charged from one day to the next and the battery light on the alarm went off , so it 's working fine , question is how much it 's going to last , its being two months now and It 's working perfectly , I do expect at least five years of service my previous battery lasted for six and a half , this should last at least five then I will maintain my five star review.Regards
 Thus battery is used all over . From house alarms to air compressors ... its amazing to find out how many places its used .
 This was a perfect replacement for my home alarm system . The battery was packaged well and arrived quickly . A few minutes of charging after it was installed and the trouble code cleared . So far it 's working great .
 everything works well , as what it said on the product spec . hopefully it will gives a last long live , since i only use it for the house alarm system
 The battery was an exact fit for my alarm system . Easy plug on go no problems and was exactly as discribed in the product discription
 Bought this battery for an alarm system , I was impressed with the super fast delivery and the quality of the product . It was very easy to install and now my alarm system works like new again .
 It 's been running for the past 9 months as battery backup for the alarm system . The price was good and it was shipped pretty fast .
 Ordered this to replace battery in alarm system that was installed in 1992 . Shipped nicely packed and received in date period listed . Easy installation and is doing the job .
 Been using Yuasa batteries -LRB- in motorcycles -RRB- for about 25 years with excellent reliability . Hoping that their former EnerSys division keeps the same quality legacy .
 Excellent replacement item for the price!There are no cons , all pros.I would recommend this product to family and friends .
 Work good I like i recomendeo to another persons . i do n't have anythinh else ti said . ok ok ok ok
 Ordered this but could n't wait for it to arrive due to the beeping in the middle of night of my alarm system . Bought one at battery store , cost double ! , there was shipping delay because of Hurricane Sandy . When it arrived , I gave to my daughter for her system . Not their fault .
 Exact match for replacement.Received a product for less dollars at most stores.Happy I purchased this product.Would purchase from this store again .
 Got this to replace the home alarm battery . Was the exact same thing and worked great . Good price too . Easy to hook up by a regular homeowner .
 Several months ago I bought this battery to replace the one in my home alarm system . It 's been working great so far . No problems at all , and the price was right . Highly recommend .
 I bought this battery for my ADT alarm system as a replacement . It has been working great , the only problem is that it needed time to charge for the first day . So , do remember to keep that in mind .
 This battery was a replacement for an identical one that was installed in 2004 . It was working fine , but when we lost power in hurricane Irene and eventually ran down , I decided to replace it only because of it 's age . I received it in a few days and saved at least $ 80 over what the alarm company would have charged .
 Needed to replace battery for alarm system , and this was the exact size and model . Online ordering was quick , and I received it sooner than expected .
 The battery in my house security system finally quit holding its charge and I needed a replacement . After checking with the alarm company and a couple of local sources , I decided to go online for a better price - and did just that ! This is an exact replacement and the cost was about half of the lowest local price . Shipping was quick and the battery arrived in perfect condition .
 This was a perfect fit for the original battery . Installed and charged overnight and works perfectly . Had a chance to test it after a power failure and all systems were go .
 Product was as advertised . Came promptly . Wish that I had done this sooner . Our alarm system had to be reset several times by friends due to power outages while we were gone on vacation .
 Was going on 7 years with the previous battery and the alarm system was indicating Lo Battery . So I ordered this exact replacement even though with shipping it was a couple of dollars more than a wholesale outfit across town . But then again I did not have to waste gas and time getting it.The delivery was fast even with standard shipping , and even though the box was a bit beat up when delivered , the battery was well packed and not damaged.Yes , it does take half an hour before the alarm system removes the Lo Battery indication . And now I am looking forward to another 7 years of trouble free operation .
 We needed a replacement back-up battery for our security system . This one was available for a decent price , and has worked fine so far . If anything changes in the near future I will update , but for now so far so good .
 When the security monitoring company called and reported we needed a new battery , I immediately figured `` Here goes 100 bucks for a service call '' . Instead of calling an alarm company , I went online and ordered this battery . It arrived in a few days and was very easy to install -LRB- 2 plugin connections -RRB- . Perfect ! Wish all my home projects went this easy !
 Received the battery and currently using it in my alarm system . No problems . Works fine
 When our alarm system battery died we ordered this . It is just like the original and works fine .
 Wasnt sure if this was an exact maatch but it plugged right in and is working - stopped that annoying alarm `` low battery '' beeeping
 The battery serves it purpose . I had no problems . It arrived on time .
 Shipping is fast ; very simple to connect to our home security system ; works perfect , and price is unbeatable !
 I 'm not sure what more you can say about a battery , other than `` it works '' or `` it does n't work '' . I had the original Yuasa battery on my alarm system since I built my house 18 years ago . I had to replace it for the first time just last month , and it works ! I 'd be happy if the new one lasts half as long as the first one did .
 After reading the reviews , I chose not to take a chance on the Radio Shack option . The price was right , my purchase was delivered in a timely manner , and all is now well with the world .
 Delivered timely . Compared to Radio Shack , Amazon had great price . It would be nice if warrenty info was included in box . Would order from this seller again .
 The batteries arrived from Portable Power Systems punctually and nicely packed . The form factor was as described and they were easily placed into our church 's alarm system , where they 've silently and steadfastly doing their job . Ask me again in five years how they are doing !
 I needed a replacement battery for my alarm system . This one is an exact match and the previous one lasted 14 years . I connected it to my system the trouble light cleared and I have n't had a bit of trouble since .
 This battery works great for my alarm system backup battery . My old battery went through its life span , resulting in the alarm system beeping at me every few days , sometimes even at midnight -LRB- very annoying , but I guess it served its purpose well -RRB- . If you have an Ademco alarm system , `` BAT '' will show up on your display . I went to the Honeywell website -LRB- owns Ademco products -RRB- , and the replacement battery was around $ 33 plus shipping ! Needless to say , I ordered the battery here and it came in less than a week . Just put it in one day ago and it works great . Please note that it might take a while for the `` BAT '' error message to disappear . The error on my system took a little while to sense that there was a new battery installed . If you 're reading this , you probably already know what you 're doing , but the battery goes in a brown box somewhere in your house -LRB- you might need a key to open it -RRB- . I will update if the battery gives me any problems .
 This battery replaced a similar one -LRB- exact specs -RRB- in my home alarm system . Hooked it up in under one minute . The terminals fit perfectly . Battery appears pretty well-built . System charged battery up and was fully operational within a few hours -LRB- normal -RRB- . Would not hesitate to buy this one again !
 I received a letter from my home alarm company stating that I had a low battery condition . Sure enough , my alarm board confirmed this . After looking up battery size , connector type , volt and amp specs found on a schematic within my alarm box , I found this battery on Amazon . The price was right and the shipping rates not bad considering the company has to ship haz mat rates . The company shipped quickly and the battery was as described on Amazon . It took less than a minute to unconnect the old battery and reconnect the new one . It took overnight for the battery to fully charge . After resetting my alarm box , no more low battery condition indicator . I rated my experience with this battery at five stars but I will be less than thrilled if I do n't get at least 3-5 years or more of battery life . I 've lived in this house for 10 years and the old battery was in place when we moved in . One more thing , the old battery was warm to the touch the few times I was in the alarm box . The new battery is now cool to the touch . I do n't know if that means anything but thought I would mention it .
 I received the battery very quickly and in excellent condition.Within 3-4 days of ordering the unit I had it installed and working.GREAT JOB in every way.L J Salem Jr
 I have needed to replace the alarm battery for about 4 months now . Ordering from Amazon is much less hassle then calling the alarm company to take care of it . No need to take time off . No stranger in my home . No sales pitch to upgrade .
 Great Battery at a good price and Fast service!This is a replacement for another Yuasa that lasted nearly 10 years .
 It satisfied my alarm system needs . It 's not the better it is n't the worst . It 's a good balance between price and value .
 This is a fine replacement for the Yuasa battery . It solved all my problems of our house alarm going off several times at 2:00 , 3:00 and 4:00 AM . My children and neighbors and local authorities are all very happy . Highly recommended for anyone with a low security battery .
 Add an egg and a few strawberries to the blender , and you 're good to go . -LSB- vanilla -RSB-
 I love this product ... it is so satisfying and good . . I make it with ice , fruit , and flaxseed and it tastes like a chocolate shake ... but low in calories , high in protein ... and so good for you !!!
 Admittedly , I 've only tried a few protein powders , but this is the only one I 've been able to eat . I am not a smoothie person . I want texture in my diet . I mix a scoop of the vanilla powder with Greek non-fat yogurt . It makes it taste rich and creamy . Top it with lots of fresh fruit and it 's unbelievably good . And when I say unbelievably good , I mean , it tastes like real food !
 A great price for a filling product . It holds off hunger for us for hours . And the price beats all retail outlets !
 This protein mix has a great formula . The post workout effect on muscles is outstanding . Almost too good to be true.But ... the flavor is awful . Chocolate is really bad . Vanilla is OK only if you add something to mask the flavor.It is also hard to mix.The solution for the flavor is to get the vanilla and add cocoa powder yourself . A lot of it . Still the awful flavor is there , but acceptable.The other alternative is to add a fruit and use a blender . In that case there will still be chunks of powder that do not dissolve , and you have to clean them up with the blender blade.If using a shaking container to mix -LRB- with the spring ball -RRB- , there will be powder that does not dissolve . The solution is normally to add as much water as possible , both in the blender and the mixing cup . At least one cup of water per scoop . One and a half cups of water is OK . It still comes out pretty thick.To sum it up , forget the chocolate powder . Maybe some people grew up on artificial food and fast food and find it acceptable . At home , use a blender with some additions , and if you mix it in the gym or in the car add cocoa to the mix before you leave home .
 This is a very good product . I usually make two shakes a week with OJ and a banana to give it texture . It tastes pretty good . I 've tried the same shake with the Vanilla powder and it complements the flavors much better . Give it a try .
 I love this product . I tried many protein powders , but this is the BEST ! I had to have surgery and had to drink a protein shake and this one is the best . Nothing compares . Throw some fruit it with ice and milk and the shakes are delicious !
 MET-Rx definitely make the best protein powders I 've tried so far -- and I 've tried about a half-dozen brands and looked at the nutritional information for others that I ruled out due to their high caloric content . You can click on the link above to see the manufacturer 's nutritional information label , but the key point is that almost all of the calories in this powder come from the whey protein . In other words this powder is very low fat and low carb yet it still tastes very good . I like both the vanilla and chocolate flavors and alternate between them so I 'm not drinking the same thing post-workout every day .
 My wife and I got turned on to the 38g packs -LRB- meal replacements -RRB- . Our trainer told us the story of the Met-Rx company and the Metamyosyn protein formula . We totally enjoyed this product but were looking for lower carbs -LRB- and VERY low sugar -RRB- . This product is it . You can not beat the Metamyosyn formula if you 're looking to add protein to your diet . We take one scoop in the morning , one at lunch , one after workout and sometimes one scoop before bed time.This product is n't nearly as `` tasty '' as the meal replacement . But I simply add a pinch of Stevia sweetener to this to make it more enjoyable.For a cold treat
 MET-Rx definitely make the best protein powders I 've tried so far -- and I 've tried about a half-dozen brands and looked at the nutritional information for others that I ruled out due to their high caloric content . You can click on the link above to see the manufacturer 's nutritional information label , but the key point is that almost all of the calories in this powder come from the whey protein . In other words this powder is very low fat and low carb yet it still tastes very good . I like both the vanilla and chocolate flavors and alternate between them so I 'm not drinking the same thing post-workout every day .
 I eat it with every meal . My favorite is a half-scoop in a cup of cooked oatmeal , or a cup of cooked oat bran . I skip the animal fat milk and eat it like pudding . A cup of frozen berries brings the temperature down quick so I can make it and eat it . Sucralose or couple shakes of stevioside.Next favorite is a smoothie :1 / 2 scoop1 sandwich bag full of veggies -LRB- broccolli , cauliflower , baby carrots , whatever else -RRB- .1 banana or cup of frozen fruitTon of ice .2 packets sucralose , or couple shakes steviosideapple cider vinegar if I have anytotal ww points
 I have been very pleased with this powder ! It is definitely the best tasting vanilla whey powder I have tried ! The label recommends blending it to dissolve the powder , but i found that it dissolved surprisingly easily . Some of the other whey powders i have tried tend to clump and seriously resist dissolving . It also tastes surprisingly good . -LRB- I mix it with ice coffee , a splash of almond milk and one packet of splenda -RRB- . I was also pleased with the nutrition - it 's relatively low calorie and the calories come from the protein , not fat or added sugar . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone !!!
 I am not a bodybuilder . I found this because my body requires extra protein and I do n't consume much dairy so as an aging female I loved the nearly full dose of daily calcium I get in one serving . I love the chocolate and just mix with ice cold water , using less water than recommended so its thicker . I think it tastes just like a chocolate shake with no after taste . I have been using this product for two years now . Highly recommend .
 I ordered this product on Wednesday morning before 9 and could n't believe it came the next morning before noon ! It is the fastest online purchase I have ever received with Amazon using standard shipping . Was happy to be able to make a protein shake that day when I got home from the gym and found my package on the doorstep . Product is good , not as good as the meal replacement which tasted fine without any additives but it will do and tastes great when you mix in some fruit or fruit juices . I just wish they would put the MET-Rx meal replacement powder in a canister form so there is n't so much wasted packaging material which is why I chose to purchase the MET-Rx Protein Plus in the scoopable form .
 I put two scoops of chocolate , 1 instant breakfast no sugar added , 12 frozen strawberries , 1 frozen bannana , light soy milk and almond milk . This makes 3 16 oz shakes so 93 calories from powder , 40 calories from milk and about 100 calories from fruit so for under 250 calories I have a high protien , low glycemic index smoothie that gets me through a few hours as I am trying to eat 6 smalll meals a day ! Try it , this is very good
 highly recommended . I usually mix with Orange Juice or Gatorade and a Banana . Tastes like a creamsicle . Excellent stuff .
 Bad back forced me to get this item.Toilet paper does rip and slip But Wet wipes work Great !! Its hard plastic so I really dont worry about it breaking.I really like it ...
 I have no trouble at all getting the job done with this tool . It is extremely important to follow the instructions word for word , as it does not work the way you may think it would without reading them . I have no problem with the tissue staying in place , and no problem with it easily & cleanly sliding off into the toilet when released . I had lower back surgery a week ago , and until 2 days ago my devoted spouse was performing the job for me manually . Believe me , this method has proven highly preferable for both of us .
 I purchased this product after breaking my back in a car accident . The resulting brace prevented me from twisting enough to ... well ... clean up . This product is made well and is very robust . It is a bit time consuming to load paper , but the paper seems to release well and easily . I 'm not sure if the release button would work well for elderly users as it is fairly awkward to press.My only real complaint is that the price with shipping was almost $ 50 which I think is about 2x how much it should cost .
 The price was great -LRB- it was $ 40.00 cheaper than buying from a medical store -RRB- . It did , however , stop working after three days and I was worried that I was out the money because last Christmas I ordered a cookbook for my granddaughter and it never arrived . When I went to the Amazon Web Site , there was no link to get any help.Fortunately , this time there was a link for help . The medical department not only got back to me within three days , they replaced it at no additional cost.Also , someone at Amazon noticed my displeasure with the book incident , and a replacement was mailed and I received it -LRB- ten months late , but I am happy that Amazon was on top of this issue -RRB- . Thank you , Amazon , for the immediate response when you noticed there was a problem . Hopefully , this web site will stay active.I will definately order from you again.The unit works really well for those of us who have limited movement due to back fusion surgery.Mike Mulkey
 the surface was too slick to grab the paper so I added a dab of silicone to the surface and it works great now .
 Having had a few surgeries that made self-wiping difficult to say the least , I find this is the best I could find anywhere . I ca n't believe with all the back surgeries or other types that make it impossible to take care of this necessary function that someone has not come up with something even better . This one takes a little getting use to and would not work for someone whose hands are crippled with arthritis with regard to pushing the button to release the tissue . Fortunately I do not have that problem . As for the directions for releasing the toilet paper or wet wipe , I found it easier to just wind the paper so a piece was further up and started the unwind then just turned the tool in circles till it was time to push the button and release the hold on the paper . Works just great . Until someone invents something better , I highly recommend getting this one .
 I bought this product for a family member who just undergone surgury and had issues wiping his butt he realy likes it and is gratefull i got it for him . . it gives him a lil self esteem . .
 I kept saying to myself , `` it 's too bad that there is n't a fun and practical way to use toilet paper '' and then VOILA ! along comes the Self Wipe Toilet Aid ! I urge you to give this product a try , it is a very handy bathroom tool .
 This charger lives up to its claims . It charges 4 AAA batteries in around an hour . It 's easy to use . I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 I bought this several months ago mainly for my wireless mouse that was eating through regular AA batteries and it has already paid for itself . This charges the batteries quickly and the batteries are lasting as long as expected .
 The stuff works well , as long as you are n't expecting steroid like results . Tribulus -LRB- the main test booster here -RRB- optimizes your natural test levels , but wo n't push you into overdrive or give you gains like a steroid . The ONLY things that work like steroids are the now banned pro-hormones , and of course steroids themselves.If you 're just looking to make the best of what your body can produce naturally , try it . I take it daily and I do notice a difference .
 We 've been using this diaper pail since my daughter was born 10 months ago . We do n't use the touch-free option , so I ca n't really comment on that . We keep the pail inside a pull-out cabinet in the changing table , and the top of the cabinet would always set off the motion sensor and cause the lid to open when the cabinet was closed , so we turned off the motion sensor and we just open it manually , which is fine . The diaper pail broke after just a few weeks of use , and now the top does n't quite close all the way , but I think that was our fault for trying to overload it . It still worked okay for several months , even without being able to close it all the way -LRB- maybe because we keep it inside a cabinet , which keeps the smell contained for the most part -RRB- . Bottom line
 Probably the best purchase we made ! It is very easy because it is touch free so I do n't have to worry about spending a lot of time opening and closing something while my baby is on the changing table . Totally keeps odors out too ! It has a chamber you put the diaper in and after the lid shuts it rolls over into the dirty diaper bag below . It also takes any type of garbage bag so I do n't have to purchase a more expensive special brand .
 Well , I was scared to order this based on the reviews , but we have now been using it for 7 + months and still think that it is great . This diaper pail is the same size as all the rest , which since this is our second child we know all pails when used with older kidos need to go out about every 2 days . Solid food changes bring on real stink to the situation , but this pail does the trick on keeping the smell gone . We used the electric part for a while , but I prefer to use the thing by hand , I can open and close it quicker , which is the only way smell escapes . All of our friends traded in their genies for this one , no additional cost for fancy bags and it can hold larger fuller diapers without getting stuck , something the genie has a lot of problems with -LRB- YUCK -RRB- . This was my fourth try after having a genie -LRB- both regular and foot operated -RRB- and a draco -- we love this .
 We had a diaper genie with our first child , and it was such a pain to change the refil , and it would get jammed . Then I saw this at Babies R Us and had to try it out . It works great . Uses standard garbage bags , you could probably use the bags from the grocery store too . So simple to use , and no smell . So far so good . We have had it a week , and it 's been filled up once . So simple I think my wife could change the trash bag .
 I got this diaper pail when my first daughter was born almost 4 years ago . I really liked it and it work very good . Yes the instalation of batteries was a little bit of a pain , but luckily mine did n't required a battery change too often . The ball , although could get dirty , we really had much issue with since we always manage to containg everything inside the diaper , unless it was an explosive one , then we would use an extra wipe if necessary . I also like the fact that if you wanted you could use it manually by just moving changing the switch in the back to manual -LRB- which was handy if the batteries dies and I did n't have left any at that time -RRB- . About the odors , I have to admit I was a little dissapointed as the odor was a little too stronger and the filters did n't seem to help much , besides the fact that they were very expensive.What I really had issues with , was then the lid broke ; since it was under warranty and as with all my products , I had this one registered I contact Graco and they send me the replacement part in no time ; however , there was a problem with that part . It did NOT close properly , so by leaving a little gap , not only the diaper was getting stuck but also the smell was really coming out of it . I called Graco to let them know about the issue with the part and they told me that they would exchange it , but for that I needed to sent the part -LRB- which is pretty big and heavy enough to run you a good chunk in postage -RRB- paid by my own pocket so they can review the part and if they find that the part was in deed defective , then they will send me another one . That would have take a long time without the lid to avoid the smel to come out plus a lot of money from my part for a product that I have already paid for to begin with and a pafrt that should have been working properly . Since money was an issue and return not a possibility , we ended up using it like that in the manual option for a little bit longer , but since even in the manual mode the lit did not closed properly , we ended up just having to put the diapers aside until baby was ready and then bring them all the way to the trash can outside!I still think is a good idea and since my first lid was working really good I have to admit that if there is an updated option I will most likely get it .
 I bought this to replace some older sports wrap I had used up . Good stuff , just not as thick as the stuff I had before . Did the trick .
 It 's so wide that it only takes a few turns to wrap the grip . Big 5 Sporting Goods sells it for $ 6.99 though .
 I have been suffering from a grade I ankle sprain due to Canyon Trail Running since the tail end of November of this year . I knew I had to purchase something in order to stabilize my ankle so it could be properly set and heal from over stretched lateral ankle ligaments-OUCH ! This brand was the least expensive compared to the other makes in amazon . I received the tape on time as mentioned , and I also eventually visited a general doctor to get a further analysis if anything may be broken after I unfortunately , resprained my ankle after the 11th day of the first sprain . I did n't need x-rays -LRB- thank-god -RRB- nothing was broken . I had this wrap around my ankle a tad before the Dr visit . It is very beneficial ; it stretches and or gives like the material of lycra . Breathability , and enough give to allow some movement , but still keeping the ankle stable . After binding my ankle , this wrap self sticks and stays in place ; no need for those prickly clasps that tend to gouge into the sensitive skin of one 's foot . I highly recommend this product if anyone has stretched ligaments and needs some stability with alloted movement to their injured area .
 This product was easy to install and I am happy with it in every way . Besides being a great deal -LRB- with the combination chair and shower head -RRB- it does not seem to have cut any corners . The chair is sturdy , the shower head works perfectly and the back support is very helpful -LRB- as some shower chairs are backless -RRB- .
 The products do as they were advertised the chair supports properly and the shower spray does what is expected to do . They work as advertised what more can you ask .
 Okay so this vibe is large both in length and girth . Also one of the vibes is right near the tip so it is pretty stiff with little forgiveness . I 've had this for a while and it was really to big for me to use and my wife was okay with it but still said it was a little uncomfortable and pinched if put in too much . So I have been using a little smaller dildo now and and thought I would give this a try again.WOW is this thing amazing . You have to prepare a little bit before entry and I got to say it is a little tight at first but once you get the head in the rest is easy . The head is larger than the shaft and it easily rubs your PSPOT on the way in and out with every stroke . The vibe function is great too but I never use it . I like it just as a dildo . I use this one after my smaller one to get warmed up to the Rambone dildo . This one opens you up really nice and ready for the huge Rambone . I never thought I would be able to use this ... however now I find myself wanting more . I bought the Rambone and it -LRB- for now -RRB- solves the quest for more.Overall this is a 5 star dildo and the jelly type texture makes clean up a breeze . I highly recommend this if you do n't already have anything in this size category .
 Item was exactly as shown with fast shipping . It is fortunate to be able to get parts for a shaver that is no longer in production .
 This replacement foil and cutter are easy to replace.It makes my Braun Shaver like new again.I 've been buying this and replacing it in my saver about once every 2 years for the last 15 + years . Works great !
 The refills are as if you repurchased the razor . They appear to last at least over a year , and I have quick growing thick facial hair . As well , rinsing them after each shave clears the foil for a closer shave next time.In addition these also fit the FreeControl 1000 series razors . They are identical . Inexpensive and long lasting , what more can I say .
 Products arrived quickly and in great condition . The Replacement Foil & Cutter block fit my dad 's Braun 2000FC Micron 1000/2000 perfectly .
 After reading reviews for this and similar -LRB- but cheaper -RRB- product , I ordered this for my 10 + year old Model 2501 Braun . Fits perfectly , runs like new OEM product with NO pulls . It arrived extremely quickly and I could not be more pleased .
 This is a non-factory replacement for my father 's old Braun electric razor that has long been out of production . The delivery service was good , the product packaged well and it works just as the original assembly did.Recommended for anyone who might still have one of these old razors , which were built to last .
 Excellent . I read the reviews and this Braun replacement fit my husband 's Braun perfectly just as stated in the other reviews . This is an expensive razor but durable and he has had it for over a decade . Thanks !
 Over 20 years ago , I accepted a trade for a Braun 2520 razor with a pair of Timberland boat shoes that I had bought for $ 25 dollars ... but the razor had a busted foil ! For years I planned to buy a replacement for it , but never found the time ... I was going to Sweden , so said to myself that since it had a switch to 220v , this razor would be perfect to fix finally . This was a perfect replacement , razor looks like brand new ... too bad it does n't cut coarse hair worth a flip ! Ah well , live and learn .
 I 'll first say that these are the first ear plugs I 've ever purchased so I ca n't really compare them to anything . What I can say for certain is that I read a ton of reviews on many different kinds b/c I was leery ... will they be uncomforable ? will I be able to fall asleep with them in ? will they fall out ? can they really block that much sound ? Fortunately , I found these to be pretty darn comfortable -LRB- I mean it 's gon na feel odd with something foreign in your ears , but not in the least uncomfortable ! -RRB- , I did n't have any trouble falling asleep , they have only come out once -LRB- probably due to poor insertion -RRB- and they block out a TON of sound . I have a very loud roommate who loves to cook when she gets home after work ... at 11pm . I have hardwood floors that make EVERYTHING echo , so with being a person up at 5am and a light sleeper , this is not the best situation . In addition , now that nice weather is here , there have been tons of birds outside my window chirping at , get this , 3:30 am !!! the sun has n't even begun to rise ! Anyway , I ca n't talk enough good about these plugs . They do take some time getting use to how to properly roll and insert them before they expand too much , but once you have that ... it 's Heaven !
 These ear plugs are the most comfortable plugs of all that my wife has tried . I snore and ca n't hear myself so she is the one who ca n't sleep . We have looked for something that is comfortable all night long . Pretty in Pink plugs are the only plugs that have delivered , Thank You
 My wife got these to help when we travel . She has smaller ears and other plugs do n't fit well . She likes them and they work for her .
 I have a significant other who snores . A lot . I am a heavy sleeper but it was no match for me . We tried everything on his end , nose strips , nasal inserts , new pillows , nothing worked . So to avoid anymore sleepless nights on the couch I had to do something on my end . I chose these since the reviews said they were better for women 's smaller ear canals . I ca n't say enough . They worked like a charm ! You have to get the hang of using them , squeezing them so they 're small enough to fit all the way into your ear . But once you do it 's pure bliss . Definitely a life saver !
 This is 7 pairs . They work fabulous to block out my husband 's snoring and the train -LRB- about 3 miles away -RRB- throughout the middle of the night . Would recommend !
 These are more cute and certainly smaller than the ones hubby uses to mow , so they do n't hurt my smaller ears when I 'm vacuuming , but they do just as good of a job at blocking out the loud wail of the vacuum -LRB- or whatever noise for which you need them -RRB- . I 've noticed that if I leave them in for too long while cleaning or if I wear them too many days in a row while on a cleaning spree , my ears get sore and even get little delicate wounds . I 've read that this is either from the plugs removing moisturizing wax in exchange for raw spots or wax building up on the plugs and causing them to adhere to the ear canal , ripping skin away when removed , even when removed gently . The best plan , even though they 're smaller and softer , is to use them less , so vacuum or mow every few days over the course of a week , instead of several days in a row .
 Love , love , love this product . I am very particular on the `` feel '' of ear plug products ; ONLY ones I have used for years . I originally purchased due to my husband 's `` very loud '' snoring . They also block out `` noisy '' grand kids .
 These were exactly what I needed . My boyfriend snores and I am a VERY light sleeper . These are a life saver . Takes a little time to get used to putting them in . When I first used them what I found easiest was getting the end of a q-tip damp and getting your ear canal slightly wet so they 'll insert easier , then roll the ear plugs and they go in perfectly . Then once I got the hang of rolling them they went in fine without my ear being slightly damp . Love this product !!! I would recommend them to anyone , just be patient when you first use them !!! Ordering more soon !
 these are really nice plugs . They truly keep noise out . I have small ears and still have to cut them to fit . They are smaller than some . Also , I used to get an irritation in my ears with other brands , and I dont with these ! They are great .
 I tried this product and was amazed at how clean it left my teeth , It was very gentle and at the same time it left my teeth very clean and it 's all natural , what more can you ask for !!!!!!!!
 For an after shave I prefer a gel type formula . I absolutely love aMENity After Shave . I actually rub this over my entire face after I am done shaving . No razor burn ever and this leaves my skin feeling great . If you do n't prefer a gel , this is not the product for you . Also , I do n't like any type of scent with my after shave and aMENity does not smell at all .
 Yet another battery , I find that these batteries last for about 3-4years of normal use before replacement .
 I 've had my Sennheiser wireless headphones for quite a while . The original battery was good for about the promised 4 hours of use . When it eventually got to the point that it was down to an hour or so , I got two replacements from a local battery specialty store . They were n't Sennheiser brand and were only good for a around 2-3 hours , but since I had two , I swapped and charged them as needed -LRB- I normally use them for less than an hour at a time while I exercise -RRB- . When those two dropped down to an hour or so , I bought these shown here . They came in Sennheiser packaging and I 'm back to getting the full 4 hours of playtime from each of them like the original . So I 'm a happy camper . Wish Sennheiser would come out with higher capacity batteries , but ca n't have everything .
 It works great ! I had not used my headphones for over 2 years so the old battery expired . Then I realized it was an older headset and batteries might be rare . I found this and still somewhat skeptical from some of the bad reviews I ordered it anyways . Heck I ca n't buy a headset of that quality for $ 16 . - !! It fit perfect , works perfect and i 'm a happy camper !
 This battery looks and feels like the original batter that came with my 10 year old headphones . I hope they perform as well and expect they will . Came in Sennheiser packaging . As usual , a good deal from Amazon .
 These are replacements for the original batteries from 10 years ago . They work perfectly and hold a charge . Expectations exceeded .
 You never go wrong with Germany made products.The other brands wo n't keep the charge long enough and after few months wo n't charge at all.This battery is ORIGINAL and works great .
 Greart replacement for the defunct original battery . Purchae it with confidence . My best eare phone was Stax , and this Sennheieisser cordless phone is the next best .
 Bought this instead of the original Sennheiser battery , because it was much cheaper . So far it works great , so seems a good deal for the price paid -LRB- $ 32.28 for two batteries -RRB- .
 I was pleasantly surprised to be able to use my `` old '' wireless headphones with my new stereo system - the sound is awesome . Just had to replace the rechargeable battery pack .
 Battery works very well . I fall asleep with my wireless headphones every night , so they basically run out of charge every night . These batteries seem to last me about 1.5 years of this ` abuse ' ! Not much more to say than that . : - -RRB-
 It 's pretty hard to write a review of a battery ; it either works or it does n't . This one does . It also fits the unit for which it was intended . So that 's two points right there.If you have a set of Senns , and the batteries that come with it are n't enough to keep you going -LRB- I actually find that they last closer to five hours than the four advertised -RRB- , then this is the product for you . You might even want a recharging unit too , since they take at least fourteen hours to recharge , and the headset stand only holds two batteries . The spare battery can be crucial if you 're like me , and often use the headset all day at work ! Go for it !
 I am partially deaf and need aid to understand words on TV . I cycle a pair of these batteries for my well-used Sennheiser headphones ; one in the phones and one ready in the recharge slot . They take quite a number of recharges before battery failure . This is just the second pair of replacement batteries I have needed in well over ten years of almost daily use of my headphones . These bulk packaged batteries , so far , have been just fine , and for a much less expensive price than the retail packaged ones . Be sure always to give a complete charge to a new battery before its first use .
 My headphones seemed to be cutting in and out a lot after a while . I thought maybe I was getting interference from new electronic device . After no luck trying to isolate the problem , I thought about the batteries . The new one corrected the reception problems plus it lasts a lot longer on a charge than the old ones .
 Came in Sennheiser blister pack . Everything looked genuine . Battery life is long enough that i 'm not sure how long it is -- it 's longer than i listen to music . Gave new life to my wireless headset .
 So happy I was able to find replacement battery for my Sennheiser wireless headphones . Came to in record time ; packaged .
 I bought some cheap replacement batteries . They needed recharging after only two hours . These batteries lasted at least five hours before recharging . Much better .
 I 've had my Sennheiser cordless headphones -LRB- HDR 65 -RRB- for several years now and they have not broken yet , not even a tear on the fabric , or a loose switch . The battery I believe is li-ion since is feels so light , almost like a empty case . With a full charge it last well past a full length movie , nice and loud , and when the battery goes dead it 's simple to pull the back up battery out of the transmitter base and swap them out and keep going ! Never really run out of juice . My batteries finnaly died after 6 + years of ownership , not bad!Con , when the audio is low enough you can hear radio hiss in the headphones , but that 's not detectable at a deceant level of listening .
 Note that this is a replacement battery for a Sennheiser headphone.It is not a Sennheiser brand battery . It has worked very well for the past 3 or 4 months . A good value !
 you sent me a battery that does not match the sennheiser headphonesthe headphone are awesome we can go into the whole house not missinganything , very comfortable and light weight . the sound is verypleasant . I would like to know how to return the battery or letme know how to install it . we used two AAA BATTERIES BUY THE SENNHEISERHEADPHONES . THE PRICE A RIGHT DO N'T SETTLE FOR LESS .
 Based on the title '' SENNHEISER Spare Battery for Senheiser Headphonesby Sennheiser '' I was expecting it to be the Sennheiser branded battery , but it was some off brand . I was a little disappointed in that , but kept the battery anyways , hope it lasts a while .
 Picked up this Sennheiser headphone set at the town swapshop ... and it worked ! only one battery though . Now my 91 year old father is coming to visit and he ca n't hear the TV . The extra battery will extend his listening time . thanks
 I bought the hearing device for my office and ever since I have started using the replacement battery I bought from Amazon , it is doing the job required . Never had a problem and I am very happy about the decision I made to purchase from Amazon .
 This hardly needs a review , but ... I popped this battery into my Sennheiser wireless headsets and they worked perfectly again . Saved me $ 150 buying new wireless headsets .
 What the heck are you supposed to review on a battery ? It works and came in a timely manner .
 It arrived earlier than expected . I have not needed to use it yet .
 I do n't know what some people are talking about when they say these batteries last only a couple of hours and that they last only 1.5 years . I have had a pair of RS65 for roughly tens years , and I am only on my third pair of batteries , which means that I get about 4 years out of a pair , and I get about 4 hours out of each battery . I use them daily for hours on end and try to use them until the run right out . Maybe that makes a difference , I do n't know . Maybe they work better when they are used and recharged often and regularly .
 Who knew ? Internet orders work ! I ordered 2 of these hard to find items just in case -LRB- given the shipping costs -RRB- . The product came to Canada from the US but arrived promptly without issue . The batteries seem identical to the OEM batteries that had lost their umph . I have had the new batteries for a month and they seem to work fine . Looks like I managed to successfully extend the life of the headsets that they fit into . In retrospect , one battery would have been sufficient .
 Since I use the headphones for stereo and TV , I go for long periods on one battery charge and need a fully charged second battery for continued headphone usage .
 These batteries are recharging perfectly for long durations . I can listen to my television for several hours without the need to recharge .
 This is the second purchase for one of these batteries for wireless headphones . Product was promply shipped and was exactly what was ordered . This new battery gives me > 3 hrs of headphone use on a single charge . Battery life was ~ 3 years on old battery .
 Received the Sennheiser BA151 as advertised in official Sennheiser packaging . It is charging and working great . Replaced the original battery pack that was shot .
 I 've recently purchased 12 batteries for the Sennheiser infrared hearing assistance devices in our church :3 Empire CPH-522 batteries on 12-30-2011
 You will need this to add to the base station to the Sennheiser Set 50 TV Wireless Mono Assistive TV Listening System . This extra battery will sit in the charger and when the main unit battery gets weak , it is very easy to switch batteries . Order at the same time you get the device . A unique battery so you should get now as it may not be in stores .
 Here the product is very good . I had no problem with the batteries and they are working as expected.Don ' t know how long they will last for yet . I am hoping they will last longer than the cheaper oneswhich i have purchased in the past . I do n't mind paying the dearer cost for these batteries as longas they last and are of superior quality to the cheaper ones.The cheaper ones I purchased previously did not fit as good as these ones do . Also one of the cheaper ones completelycame apart.These ones on inspection do appear to be of better quality . Delivery was good also.The only negetive I would have was that the cost of postage on top of the price of the batteries was too dear.I would expect cheaper postage for such small item . It was not next day delivery or anything like that.Overall though quiet happy customer .
 Seems to be working fine , but it is a rechargeable battery , not much else to describe . Will add to comment in 12 months and see if it still holds a charge .
 Not much can go wrong with a battery . If you have a set of batteries that are a few years old though , you will notice the improved performance that comes with a new set .
 The battery is good but only lasts about 4 hours but I guess you ca n't expect more from it . I 'm an audio editor and wear these headsets all day and it is only every 4 hours but it seems like I 'm always swapping out this battery for a fresh charged one . It would be nice if there was a quick charger for this battery because if you only have 2 then the second one is n't fully charged when you need to change it .
 I love my Sennheiser wireless headphones . The one drag is when the battery begins to lose its charge -- which is why it 's important to have a spare .
 Received the battery very quickly , in just a couple days , and it fits and works perfectly . Definitely would have my future business .
 Just received mine and it is a Sennheiser branded model - in a blister pack.Working great so far - it even arrived charged !
 The battery works !! The earphones themselves are a great way to share a film when One partner has a hearing oss .
 Works just fine , I bought two for this price . Wish battery would last longer though , it seems after 3-4 hrs it dies , but I always have a spare
 I have had the headsets for several years but they no longer stayed charged so found the batteries on Amazon.The batteries are somewhat pricey but if they last awhilethey will be worth it . I like the headsets . Service from Amazon was good . Took only a few days to get them .
 A battery is a battery as long as you get what you pay for . I did and am pleased that I have a backup . The delivery was timely as well.michael
 The battery works and having at least two of these , for your headset , is a must.My only issue is the custom design . I will pay extra for a product that uses standard battery sizes . With this battery , we are at the mercy of one company .
 Excellent life span for such a tinny battery ! I bought my Sennheiser Headphones about 3 years ago and only last month I had to replace the battery , and although it was still able to charge it , it would only hold the power for about half an hour .
 I love my Sennheiser wireless headphones . The one drag is when the battery begins to lose its charge -- which is why it 's important to have a spare .
 I saw the same batteries for four times as much at other sites . I ordered two , and both worked great and have extended the life of my headset for several years .
 Hello - I recently ordered two sennheiser 151 batteries . I have used for about 10 years , and only new every 4-5 years . Not always from Amazon . However , the last order I received one 151 , and the other looked almost the same , but when I went o put into headphone it did not fit . The one I received needed the label removed before it fit , but the other would not go into the charger or the headphone , and on extra close inspection , they are not the same . the one is about .1 mm thicker , and the contacts are a different size , and there is no 151 identifing marking on one side opposite the contact side . So when you sent the two new one 's I ordered today , please make sure they are the proper 151 sennheiser rechargeable NIMH batter as shown in the picture.http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0009PL4CY/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_imghttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0009PL4CY/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_imordered under ag miller 4402 sw rose st. Seatle , Wa 98136 . lease send the two I ordered today for sure . A. G. Miller or Arbie G. Miller or Arbie Glenn Miller all are the same .
 My chinese acuouncturist recommended that we take 2 caosules every morning because of the great Omega 3 oils in it . It has more ALA oils than flaxsee oil does . It is great for skin allergies exceme and hay fever
 I received a pair of these as a gift . I love them ! This year I have ordered several to give out as stocking stuffers . They heat up quickly . The process is amazing to watch . I have boiled them up and reused them several times . Directions are staight forward and easy to follow . I found that if I put a couple of spoons in the bottom of the pan first , I do n't have to worry about the HotSnapZ resting on the bottom of the hot pan . I could n't be happier .
 Great item ! Exactly as represented . This item is very well made and not likely to fall apart in short order . I 've sprayed it with a waterproofing/stain resisting product to help keep it clean and effective for use in all weather conditions . The only drawback is that it is a little narrower than I would like . Great job !
 Magnesium Orotate was recommended to me by my doctor , as a way to help me relax and lower my blood pressure . I do n't rely on this for blood pressure , it 's just a supplement . It 's wonderful , it really helps me calm down and apparently it 's also good for me !
 Magnesium Orotate is suppose to be on of the best forms of magnesium since it is it 's natural form and is suppose to be easily assimilated , much better than many others forms . This form is more expensive , and the TABLETS ARE HUGE.I give this a four star because you usually do n't find orotate with this high a mg tablet so you 'd have to take more usually , but this large tablet allows you to get what you need in one tablet . Hint , for swallowing , put it in your mouth and wash it around a little first , then it will go down easier with water . There is no bad taste and the tablet has a smooth finish that does n't just melt in your mouth or anything .
 I have had alot of generalized bone , spine , and joint pain for years . I have never tried narcotics because I did not want to go down that road . But I have tried many alternative products that either did nothing for the pain , or had unpleasent side effects . I have used Enzymatic Therapy products in the past because I feel that they make a good product.I would say that I experience at least 80 % reduction in generalized spine and joint pain , with no side effects from the product.Everybody has different types of pain , but if you suffer with spine and joint pain , I think you may like this product ... and hopefuly get the same or better results .
 I first started using for fibromyalgia symptoms & lower back pain . My mother in the meantime is using for arthritis pain . We have both experienced reduced pain while using this product . I highly recommend checking out the product line of Enzymatic Therapy .
 It really relieved the iflamation and pain in less than a month . I love this product !
 Read the book and was impressed . Have been using End Pain for over 2 years . It does have a blood-thining property , but not a problem unless you 're having surgery , then it should be stopped about a week or two before surgery.I started taking 6 pills a day , then over time tapered off to 5 , then 4 , then 3 , then 2 , then 1 , which seems to maintain no pain for me . However , it takes time for the product to accumlate in the body . Further , it did n't work for the muscle pain I was experiencing , as a result of using a floride toothpaste . Stopped the toothpaste , bought one -LRB- Tom 's of Maine -RRB- without floride , muscle pain now gone . So , it is important to know what kind of pain you 're treating .
 I suffer from Fibromyalgia . I have been nearly crippled from pain . I was at a point of going on disability rather than work . Over the years I have been given numerous perscription medications which only drugged me to sleep and never take away the pain . I was introduced to End Pain and to my amazement I am very nearly pain free . Because of the nature of Fibromyalgia , I do n't think it is possible for a person that has had this condition for years to be pain free , but I am so close to being pain free that it is unbelievable . I feel better than I have in years and also sleep without being concious of pain . I combine this product with Curamin -LRB- or Curcumin -RRB- and I am very nearly functioning as I did before I was diagnosised with Fibromyalgia . Other than taking care of personal business , I have not missed one day of work due to my condition -LRB- I was missing 1 to 3 days per week -RRB- .
 I saw this product on the Ricky Lake show and gave it a try after having knee surgery . It does help with the pain and allowed me to sleep at night without the pain I had been experiencing .
 I did n't know if this would help my pain or not , since I had tried willow bark before and it had upset my stomach . I take this every pm -LRB- 1 tablet -RRB- and have stopped taking the extra strength tylenol I was taking before . I am so glad to not be taking the other due to taking it for so many years and not wanting to harm my liver or kidneys ! I take when I feel achy too . It has not upset my stomach either . I have fibromyalgia/chronic fatigue , this seems to help -LRB- as many other products recommended by Dr Teitelbaum do -RRB- .
 I must say I was hesitant when I opened the package because the label was different than the picture . Then I read a note from the company which said that they used their own labels and the product is identical . Well I took three as directed the first day -LRB- one every 8 hrs . or so -RRB- and by the NEXT day my aching back felt about 90 percent better . I am so grateful I saw this product recommended on a tv talk show . This is sure safer to take than what my dr. prescribed for my back , which was a medicine that was really four advils ! I hope it is n't my imagination that I feel so so much better . Thank you !!
 i watche dr. t. on the `` ricki lake show '' and he recommended this.at first i did n't think it worked . now ? i am not sure . i think my knees are much better as i doubled the dosage due to seeing , on the bottle , it was okay to do so.i am going to order another bottle . i want to see what long term usage will do.so , i changed a negative review to this one .
 I am having great results with this product . I started taking it as recommended in `` Fatigued to Fantastic '' and noticed that my severe back and hip pain was improving quite a lot . I then got cocky and just forgot to take it for a few days . I woke up in the same old pain as I had prior to taking the End Pain pills . I quickly took a few that morning and instantly noticed an improvement . I wo n't stop again ! I just ordered a few more bottles just to be on the safe side .
 Wow . You can not get this stuff . I heard the company went belly up , or more likely they got tired of all the BS that UNCLE Sam and everybody else was putting them through .
 My Braun shaver 's foil had developed a tiny hole that resulted in whiskers getting pulled out . I replaced it with this replacement foil , and now it works perfectly again ... just like new .
 I originally used this supplement for its then stated purpose of increasing blood circulation in the legs . I have used the product for many years for this purpose and it seems to make a difference . I can definitely tell if I forget to take the supplement even for a day . With the advent of viagra , etc. the supplement was relabeled as a male performance supplement . I can not state whether this is actual or not . However , I do have normal sexual relations on an average of three times a week and I am 75 years old . Whether this supplement has anything to do with that or not , I can not state as I use the product daily .
 The yohimbine content is sufficient for me to take a single capsule per day . Two would make me dangerous . Better price than WF by far .
 It does exactly what it is expected to do . Very satisfied with how this product has worked for me and recommend it .
 This item was received in a timely fashion . Would do business again with this seller .
 Delsym cough suppressant provides long-lasting relief from coughs for children as young as 4 , as well as adults . There are few products available for 4 year olds , so when my nearly 4 year old son developed a very mild cough that worsened overnight , I sought out a quality product . I suspect there 's some post nasal drip causing this issue , so I came home with Dimetapp children 's cough and cold ; it took forever , sometimes two hours , to kick in , and only lasted 3 hours . It 's also sedating . Mucinex cough is a suppressant and expectorant , and works quickly - as soon as 15-30 minutes - but only lasts 4-5 hours , so we are up at least twice overnight . Then the pharmacist recommended Delsym , along with Benadryl to sedate . Starts quickly , but lasts ALL night ! However it 's not quite 12 hours ; if I give it at 8 , he 's up at 6 . So I wake him at 10 , just before I go to bed , and he sleeps til 7:30 , as usual ! It 's just a suppressant , so if the cough sounds productive or there 's chest congestion , you 'll need an expectorant , too . I added the Benadryl to dry up the PND and sedate .
 This stuff works really well . Also it tastes great , so all my kids -LRB- 2,2 , and 3.5 years old -RRB- loved taking it . They do get good night sleep with it since it works for almost 12 hours .
 These bags can not only be used for sanitary products for women , but as any discreet disposal that you should n't flush . It is polite because you have given your guest a solution for possibly a unexpected need .
 These bags were smaller than I thought they would be so not all pads will fit securely sealed . For the most part , they do the job and I am pleased .
 I agree with other reviewers . The item description says there are 500 . I ordered them , expecting 500 , and also received 100 . I wrote a review saying this , and the company contacted me promptly and offered a refund and took care of the problem . I was very pleased with their response .
 tHESE BAGS ARE AWESOME FOR CHANGING DRESSINGS , THEY WORK FOR ALOT OF DIFFERENT THINGS AND i AM SO GLAD i GOT THEM .
 I have two sets of the NH-AA-DA rechargeable batteries that I use with my Sony DSC-W1 digital camera . I love these rechargeable batteries . I do n't have to spend lots of money on constantly buying new batteries . I have two pair so I always have a set ready to go . These have lasted me well over two years . I can still charge them but they just do n't last as long . I just purchased the NH-AA-2DB and am wondering the difference between the two . All the numbers on the batteries seem the same except this DA and DB . Curious .
 The probouncer was everything that they advertised . It is easy to use , fairly compact . It arrived in a timely manner , and was a very good price .
 These are much more effective than the kind on a stick . Also , they can be sterilized in the dishwasher ! I bought a dozen , so I will never run out , even if stores stop carrying them . They are surprisingly difficult to find . None of my local grocery stores or pharmacies carry these .
 I got one of these with an expensive toothbrush from my dentist . They 're impossible to find in the stores and they 're the BEST out there . I 've sent one to all my friends . Thanks Amazon !
 You would thing that these simple plastic cleaners would be worse then the steel or more elaborate ones , but surprisingly these work better in cleaning your tongue than the more elaborate ones.They just seem to be better at cleaning all the gunk off your tongue . I got these from my dentist and since they 're not sold in store , I 'm glad to find them here .
 ... i was having trouble with my breath in the mornings ... my dentist gave me one of these scrappers ... it works wonderfully ... better than brushing the tongue or some of the other scrappers that are stiff and have smooth edges ... this strip has a ` rough ' side -LRB- which i like and use -RRB- ... and a softer side ... it is easy to pack and i ordered more to put in our trailer and one in my overnight case so i wo n't have to remember one more thing when i travel ... they are not expensive ... and when combined with brushing and flossing can keep your mouth very fresh ...
 Okay , picture yourself going to the dentist and you do everything right ! You brush your teeth at least twice a day and floss at least every day usually more . You use mouth wash and you think you are doing okay ! Heck , you even buy the sonic care tooth brush and use it till the timer stops . You then see the look on your oral hygienist face and she has the look of disgust on her face . She tells you try scraping your tongue . She tells you `` I happen to have a sample of the best tongue scraper available '' and it is made by Breath RX . You try it , you love it ! It works great ! You go to the store to purchase one and low and behold no store in town sells them . So you purchase the regular kind that have a handle and on the other end is round . You find that it works like crap ! You might as well scrape your tongue with floss or your toothbrush . Well , this happened to me and I had to find the Breath RX product ! I use Amazon for convenience . I do n't know if they are the best price but I know that Breath RX is the best product !
 My dentist gave me a couple of these tongue scrapers a few year 's ago and I would n't be without any more .
 The first time I saw one of these was at my dentist 's office several years ago . At that time I did n't think much of it . Just another gimmick to take our money . I thought that brushing my tongue with my toothbrush was good enough . But one day I took one of these home , since they were giving away free samples . It sat at home in my medicine cabinet for several more months . Then on a boring Sunday morning , I decided to take it out and see what it actually was . I scraped my tongue with it and a bunch of disgusting gook came off . I was horrified . And impressed . I realized that a toothbrush is not enough to get rid of all the stuff on my tongue . Since then , I 've been using these regularly . My mouth feels much cleaner . My tongue looks much , much better.It 's basically just a serrated piece of plastic . There are two sides . The soft side was ineffective to me . The normal side seems to be able to scrape much better . I highly recommend this to everyone for a cleaner , better smelling , and better looking mouth .
 Years ago I received one from my dentist and have been using them ever since . My dentist does n't give them out anymore which is a shame . I think they are great as they are durable , flexible and comfortable . Some others I have tried just do n't do a good enough job such as those found on the end of a toothbrush that you can buy and others can scrape you too hard like the metal ones if you are not careful . Its great to carry with you especially after you 've eaten something like garlic or cheese to help remove the remains from your tongue and so you do n't continually have that taste in your mouth . Brushing just is n't the same for me unless I have my scraper to accompany it .
 I bought this as a gift for a friend who is a doctor knowing absolutely NOTHING about stethoscopes . It was really just a jokey present . The colour is fantastic and the quality seems pretty good for what you pay for it . This is not a high end stethoscope , but it really did work . It was just what I wanted and at a reasonable price .
 Same product most hospitals use for patients that need their own stethoscope . Price is great so product is disposable . Great for beginners but quality is good enough for use in the medical setting . Can be used as a toy that actually works .
 I love it . The product is light weight . The color matched my uniform . I have used adp stethoscopes for awhile .
 Disclaimer
 Used this as a graduation gift to nursing students . It was a great price when a number of them was needed .
 Order arrived quickly and in perfect condition . By no means a good stethoscope for listening to cardiac sounds but for the money this is a very good product , I could easily pick up a pulse and lung sounds . Excellent level for a basic level of needs .
 I picked this item up for a replacement of one I had misplaced - the one I lost is an expensive stethoscope - this one is very good and the price was great . I would highly recommend this item to any health care professional . I did find my expensive one and I decided to keep using this one .
 Really glows and worked great . Only flaw was they were a little tight for my boyfriend . His penis is normal sized , just a little on the thicker side . I do n't recommend this product for those with thicker penises unless you 're okay with it being tight , but otherwise it was GREAT !
 I use mine all the time . I started to get a bunion and bought these and they did the trick . Relaxed my feet so well .
 It took a while for the toes to get used to being stretched , but , they did .
 I have bunions and was looking for a product to buy to get me through to when I have time for surgery . These make an enormous difference - 20 minutes every night and I have much less pain the next day . They are lightweight and comfortable . I bought a size too big though . Go for a size smaller if you are not sure .
 Excellent toe support , relaxation , and undoes all the cramping of the toes during the day from all the walking around and wearing those narrow toe heels ! would highly recommend to people suffering from toe problems !
 I read Salinger in college in the 60 's . Still awesome - although I will admit to `` reading more into his work '' now that I 'm older . -LRB- much older -RRB-
 I was very pleased when I received this item . It seems to work beautifully . The only thing I wish it had was more profiles for people to weigh on it , but I do believe they are changeable so it is n't really that big a deal . Very clear instructions as long as you do n't take them too literally as one reviewer has saying something like `` what am I supposed to do come home at my lunch break and weigh ? '' No . . the instructions state that you weigh in bare feet AT LEAST 3 hours after a large meal . You do n't have to weigh 3 hours on the dot afterwards , that would be a little silly .
 I have been using this weighing scale + body fat monitor for almost a month now and absolutely love this product . It is very consistent in both weighing and body fat measurements . I tried a few weighing scales before which gave me a different weight reading every time I stepped on them . This one gave me very consistent weight readings and the body fat readings fluctuated by not more than a 1 % , as described in the product literature . I highly recommend this product to anyone!Did I mention that I bought this precise instrument just for $ 19.99 on Amazon 's Friday sale !?
 I find this scale consistent and easy to use once u have entered the information -LRB- weight , age , height and gender -RRB- . I think its good for the price . If u are looking for a simple machine to display body fat and weight , this is perfect .
 I 've owned this Tanita Scale for at least 8 years , and have only had to change the battery twice . I do n't know about the ` body fat monitor ' , but the weight is accurate . Easy to weigh my cat on it , too .
 EXCELLENT ! This scale is fantastic . Very accurate , even to the 0.5 lb . You enter your height and gender and with your weight it calculates body fat , too . I 've had this scale for many years and it works flawlessly . I changed the battery once ! Definitely recommend this product .
 ca n't speak for the hard-core work out people but it suits our needs just fine . gives an accurate read out . easy to use .
 I bought this for my girlfriend -LRB- at HER request -RRB- . So far , its been an excellent product . According to her , its completely accurate and consistent . Whenever I 've been to her place and stepped on it , its been consistent with previous uses.The weight reads in .2 lb increments -LRB- some other body fat monitors/scales that I looked at measure in .5 lb , so watch for that -RRB- . The body fat measures in .5 % increments which seems okay thus far . Also , the scale stores settings for two different people , which is definitely a plus , like another reviewer said.I actually did some semi-extensive looking around/pricing for these combo scales . Basically , my girlfriend had already let me know that she wanted one and I kinda figured I 'd forget about it and wait till the last minute when , one day , while clicking through my goldbox items , THERE IT WAS ! When I saw it , I decided to do some checking up.What I found is that there are feature rich models out there that cost -LSB- $ -RSB- + . Well , the greatest difference overall that I found is that the more expensive ones can do the following : * memorize for like 4 to 10 different people * measure in increments of .1 lbs and .1 % body fat -LRB- these are way more expensive -RRB- * i think some would talk to you -LRB- cant remember for sure but seems feasible right ? -RRB- * some were really high tech cool lookingNone of these were good enough reasons for me to spend more than I did -LSB- $ -RSB- Then there were the Omron ones that you hold out in front of you . Those are great I 'm sure . The Tanitas however , are scales as well . Obvious plus for the Tanita.In long , I 'm very impressed with the 2201 , both with its consistency and ease of use And I am extremely pleased that I decided to make the purchase . Easy 5 stars .
 Even though it has been mentioned by other reviewers before I would like to emphasize two points.First , it gives amazingly consistent readings for weight and body fat and seems to be quite accurate . My previous scale was much more inconsistent and inaccurate even though it was a brand name electronic scale.Second , the instructions indicate this scale is not intended for the body fat measurement of athletes - those who work out an average 1 hour a day or more . I guess most people who keep track their body fat also do some kind of sports . And I also guess you need a more expensive Tanita with sports mode if you work out regularly and want to know your actual body fat percentage . Athletes have significantly different tissue composition -LRB- more muscle -RRB- to that of sedentary people and this is why researchers and companies use a different formula to calculate their body fat percentage .
 The Tanita 2201 is not your average scale . With a few simple steps , you program data -LRB- age , height , gender -RRB- for up to two regular users . Then , stepping on the metal `` footprints '' , you are measured for weight -LRB- to tenths of a pound or kilo , depending on the setting selected -RRB- and body fat percentage . The brief users manual accompanying the scale contains a simple chart to determine where your body fat percentage lies in relation to other people of your gender and age . Especially for people embarking on a diet , the Tanita offers encouragement for decreasing body fat percentage instead of only weight . Dieters who become frustrated when they 've been `` good '' but have n't lost a pound can see in tenths of a pound that perhaps , yes , they HAVE lost weight.I am most impressed with the consistency of the Tanita . The digital scale I had prior to this could vary as many as three pounds as I stepped off , then on again . The largest variation I 've encountered from such quick re-measuring on the Tanita has been two-tenths -LRB- .2 -RRB- of a pound.The Tanita has a `` guest '' mode that can be set for a one-time or casual user . These figures are not stored in memory , but the feature allows for others to use the scale . Unfortunately , this particularly model does not have an easy `` weight only '' feature . You must always select your personal number -LRB- 1 or 2 -RRB- , wait for your data to flash -LRB- age , height , gender -RRB- , and then step onto the unit . While this only takes a few seconds , it can be annoying . The weight measurement is displayed almost immediately , while the body fat takes approximately five seconds longer . The time it takes to get these readings is minimal , but not nearly as quick as an ordinary scale.The manual says that this unit is not intended for `` athletic '' people . I do n't understand why this is , because they offer no explanation . I fall into their definition of an athlete , and yet I 've had no trouble with it.I love the Tanita . I recommend it highly for anyone who wants something more than the average scale . It makes a wonderful gift for either fitness buffs or the weight-conscious .
 I have one of these scales and find it very useful , both for myself , as an athlete , and for my fiance . I use it to see the progress I make in working out , since I maintain a steady weight . My fiance ' however diets and tries to work out regularly . This scale helps her to see which types of diets are most effective , even if they do n't promote as much weightloss as other methods . W/o this scale , you would n't be able to accurately measure those kinds of results . Overall , it 's reliable , consistent , and easy to use . Definitely go with a model like this one that saves personal info for 2 people . That way you do n't have to input your age/sex/height every time .
 I got this scale because I started working out with a trainer . Now I 'm not a real athletic person -LRB- a stay-at-home mom -RRB- , but I needed to get into shape for an upcoming holiday trip . Well , I was getting a little upset over the fact that though I 've been working out , the weight has n't been coming off like I want . My husband and trainer both say I 'm getting toner and to just stop looking at the scale.So I got this scale and darnit would n't you know , it was right . My muscle tone has improved and while reading the manual it said not to get frustrated over a lack of losing weight while your muscle mass gets firmer -LRB- something like that -RRB- . Anyway , I love this thing . It 's great . So even when my weight fluctuates , I can keep track of my body fat , which I 'm happy to say is well within the healthy range.So , yes . I highly recommend this product , especially for those who want to get fit , not just trim .
 I got this scale primarily to help my wife with weight loss and an exercise regimen , but I was also curious about my own developing `` tummy . `` Weight and fat measurements are very good for a consumer electronic item.Setup is not 100 % intuitive , but instructions are clear . Also , I like the multiple pre-sets to allow several people to enter their body parameters -LRB- male/female , height , age -RRB- which allows several different users . There 's also a `` guest '' mode , but I 'd be impressed if any casual guest could figure out how to program this thing .
 I got this scale for two reasons : - Our old scale was too easy to trick . -LRB- About 10 pounds depending on how you stood . -RRB- - I wanted to watch my fat content.This scale has definitely helped the first point . The scale provides weight acurate to 2/10 of a pound , and seems to be very consistent about it.The fat content on the other hand seems to vary wildly . The scale reports it in 1 % increments , however I 've seen readings fluctuate by 7 % . I have no other way of verifying the fat readings , so it could be telling the truth . But it does n't seem very consistent .
 I ca n't comment on the body fat performance of the scale execpt to say the results are consistent . I do n't have anything to verify the fat function against . But if you want to know how much you weigh then this is the scale for you . It 's good , maybe too good . It picks up on all the minor weight fluctuation my body goes through in a day . It will even pick up on something as subtle as a glass of water or a trip to the restroom . The weight ranges of the users in my household are 110-225 lbs . and when I checked it against a balance beam scale it as within .2 lbs and as long as I keep it away from temperature extremes the results are always repeatable . Now for the bad news . The scale only has memory for two users and does n't possess a simple weight only function . Anybody else in the house who wants to weigh themselves must log in as a guest and enter in a bunch of values before they are able to use the scale . This is annoying . It is not user freindly and new users have to be shown how to use it . The previous model had a button people could push to access a weight only function . I very much would like to have that feature back , so if there are more than than two of you then you might be happier with a scale with more memory slots . I will say that I 've been through quite a few scales and I have found nothing that comes close to the weight accuracy of my sample in this price range . My comments only apply to the 2201 and please do n't assume that I 'm suggesting that the weight accuracy of all Tanita products is this good because I do n't beleive they are . Thanks to all of you who contribute to these reveiws I 've found the information quite helpful !
 I looked at a lot of other body-fat scales and read the reviews for them on amazon . Overall , this scale probably delivers the most bang for your buck.The scale delivers what it promises
 I am responsible for my own weekly weigh-ins and needed a scale that was accurate . I found it in this Tanita . It also has nice features like body fat measurement and storing 2 differant people 's info . My husband and I can both use it ! It also has a guest function if I want to just weigh the kids . It was pricier than other scales but well worth the money for an accurate scale with a 3 year warrenty . You ca n't go wrong !!
 I am not a pen person . I have been completely happy with the disposable types that come 20 in a package.My wife had one of these pens first and when it ran out of ink , she moved on to her next pen . After searching a couple office supply stores , I found some refills and have been using it daily for the past couple of years.Unfortunately , its greatest feature is also its greatest weakness . Its so small , it fell out of my shirt pocket at some point one day . So I went back to the 20 to a package type pens and could n't stand them . So I bought a new one.I like the flow of the ink , how dark and clear it comes out on the page and I do n't have to bear down on multiple copy forms . The barrel is perfect thickness for me and is extremely comfortable to write for long periods with it . Its very easy to open and close with one hand , but it does n't pop open while in your pocket . The ink cartridges last a reasonable amount of time . I buy them in bulk online now as they are difficult to find in the office supply stores.Only gave it 4 stars because I do n't read the 5 star reviews . They almost all read like something out of a PR/Marketing office .
 Our family loves these pens , so wish they still made them and you did n't have to pay crazy prices for the left over ones . Husband keeps his in his pocket and always has a pen handy . Teen age son keeps his on his key ring . I keep mine in my purse in a pocket so it 's easy to retrieve . Over time -LRB- 2 years or more -RRB- the rubber grip between the pen tip and the top starts breaking down from use . Rubber gets soft and grimy . I 've washed it , which helps , but it still is just a matter of time and use and breakdown , so we end up buying new ones , and they get pricier each year ... $ 30 , then $ 50 ... Sometimes the ink does n't work well -LRB- probably because these pens were manufactured a few years ago and the ink is old . -RRB- Just bought ink cartridges that are not ion brand , -LRB- so they are new ink cartridges -RRB- and they work great .
 I 've suffered from migraines for 16 years and have tried practically everything on the market , both conventional and alternative/natural . I 've been taking Petadolex -LRB- butterbur -RRB- for nearly three months and the frequency of migraine attacks has dropped dramatically . I usually get at least several migraines a month , many times I have gotten several per week . I 've had one near-migraine the past six weeks , and the pain was minor compared to past headaches . I did not have to resort to my usual remedy
 I have been buying this product for the last one year for my wife . My wife has been taken off the Depakote and she find regular relief due to this product . Both frequency and the intesity of migrains have come down . This is a natural substitutethat really works . I am not a very easy sell on these things .
 I purchased these to use after facial peels . They are very pleasant smelling and the little capsules go a very long way . 1 is more than enough for my entire face and neck . I gave this only four stars because I feel that it looks a little greasy going on and stays that way .
 If you are counting carbs , calories and fat in your eating plan , these products are the best . I have tried the ketchup , barbeque sauce and salad dressings . The taste may not be what you are used to , but you will grow to love them .
 I have used this product for well over a year with meatloaf and for other zero carb sauces . This ketchup is phenomenal . The ketchup does not have the same flavor as a regular sugar-full ketchup . However , I was very pleased to have this option as a carb-free ketchup .
 I love this product its a great alternative to ketchup for not adding more calories to your daily diet .
 My doctor suggested a manual b.p. cuff and stethoscope . I thought I would try this first before making a larger investment . When I brought it into the doctor 's office we did a side by side comparison with his manual cuff . This was nearly dead on . The difference in the readings were so minor as to be irrelevant . Even the doctor was surprised at the accuracy .
 As other reviews state , this Panasonic ER112BC works great on nose hair . No pulling or pain . However , I have found it useless for ear hair and will have to buy another product for that . I have found that the long flat-blade style trimmers -LRB- instead of the rotary trimmers like this one -RRB- work best on ear hair .
 I 've had the practically identical ER115 version -LRB- wet/dry washable -RRB- for many years , probably around 5 or 6 . First off , this thing is built like a tank for what it is . Very solid plastic , and the movable parts like the cap for the battery and the on/off switch have a precision , quality feel that is usually absent with -LSB- . . -RSB- grooming products . I 've dropped it more times than I 'd like to admit , and it there 's not even a scratch on it , plus it works almost as well as when new . It 's great for ear hair , which seems to grow faster the older I get ... I find I use it at least 3-4 times a week to keep well-groomed . It also works for nose hair , which I guess is its main function , but I find that if the battery is n't really fresh , it slows down a bit and can pull hard on a hair instead of cutting it -LRB- ouch-but I 've never drawn blood -RRB- ... but then again , this thing IS about 6 years old and the blades have never been sharpened . I seem to recall that the manual that came with it suggested replacing the unit like after 2 years -LRB- anyone else read that ? -RRB- but I 've gotten a lot of use out of this little sucker !
 I have purchased numerous different brands of nose trimmers through the years , but never have I found one that can match the Panasonic ER112BC . I have given these as gifts to others and their comments are that this thing really works well , with very little ripping of the hairs in the nose . I have six or seven different nose trimmers that I bought on the cuff , just to see if they would work as good as this , and none compare . I could not find this model anywhere , after my last one finally died after about eight years and Amazon was the only place I could find it . Highly recommend this product over any other .
 I paid less than $ 10 for this trimmer including shipping . It does exactly what it is supposed to do . This trimmer replaced another one made by another company that starts with W . There is no comparison . This is well worth the money and would buy another in a heartbeat .
 I have had one of these for 15 years and it finally died on me this summer . I have tried others and like this one the best . It is compact and travels well in a small toilet kit in my carry-on flight bag . I never leave home without it , ha . Does what it is supposed to , although a small flashlight helps assist trimming inside your nose . Takes one AA battery and gets good life out of the battery , which I remove when traveling so it does n't accidentally get switched on , which has occasionally happened . Great price from Amazon , I ordered a pair to have a backup , so shipping was free .
 My husband and I have tried other nose hair clippers . They did nothing . These do an excellent , gentle removal of hairs .
 I think I bought my first ER112BC trimmer in 1990 , and sometime around last December it stopped working . Recently I replaced it through Amazon . In the interim , from Brookstone I purchased a more expensive trimmer that had very high consumer ratings . It did not perform nearly as well as the Panasonic . I read some negative reviews of the Panasonic here prior to buying another and did not understand how anyone could have anything bad to say about it , especially if the user has experience with more expensive models . I will never switch again , there is no need . The Panasonic is very effective , long-lasting , easy to clean , uses very few batteries over its life , shaves nose hairs very cleanly -LRB- the more expensive model did not shave nearly as close to the hair root nor did it reach all areas reached by the Panasonic -RRB- , does not cause injuries to skin . Ca n't say enough good things about it .
 I have had this trimmer for years and it works great . I even dropped it on the floor and it still works . It also works good on you eyebrows and ears .
 I got this for my pops , his eye sight is getting worst , so I ca n't stand the thought of him snipping his nostrils . It nice and small uses one AA battery . Panasonic makes goods stuff . He likes it very much .
 You can always expect good quality from Panosonic even in Nose & Ear Trimmers , really does the job .
 I have tried about 5 different trimmers . And I always came out disapointed . This one is the best by far . I want a trimmer not a massager . I want something that cuts nose hair as hard as steel . This one cuts and that 's what really counts . Easy to hold , cuts great , works on nose and ear hair . Buy it you 'll be happy you did .
 A nose trimmer is not a complicated piece of machinery , but is a necessary one . Using clippers or scissors just does n't make it and you risk infection . This device has tiny surgical stainless-steel blades and runs fast and smooth . No pinching and no discomfort . It is a bit touchy to clean as the central shaft and blades once out rather easily for cleaning under tap water . I could easily see losing a piece down the drain . But for a small , lightweight and packable ` nose and ear ' trimmer , it does the job and it 's not that expensive . I 'll be the first to admit that nose trimmers are not sexy , but neither are nose hairs!Battery not included . Also , when I first got my trimmer , the ON/OFF button would n't turn off . I returned it and was given a new one within a week .
 OK , I 'll say it
 The Trimmer Do Excatly What I Needs It To Do It Get Rid Of All UnWanted Hair
 If you 've tried nose trimmers before and were disappointed that they just did n't trim close enough -LRB- you know the ones that look like little rocket ships -RRB- this Panasonic trimmer is for you . The smaller trimmer blade is the secret - it 's the best !
 I 've tried a lot of different nose/ear trimmer even the lighted Panasonic ER421KC trimmer . That one rips your hair out and runs out of batteries quickly . I did like the trimmers that they show on TV that have a little trimmer on one side but those get disgusting after using them for a while even if you wash them off and they bog down easily . I got fed up and bought this and I was VERY pleased . It is fast and powerful . I 'm buying more just if they discontinue it , I 'll have them . They use to make a water proof version but I cant find it . Try this one you wo n't regret it .
 I use this about 1x / month . It cuts the nose and ear hair.Being an engineer and having one for over 5 years I know thatone of the problems has to do with the contacts becoming dirty/corroded . The solution is to clean the contacts thoroghly.I mean very very thoroughly.And use a new AA battery . I have even had fine use with a rechargable battery . But I have experienced troubles that weretraced back to corroded battery contacts . I think the reasonfor this is that when the metal gets wet it will eventuallycorrode.Also leaking batteries from putting the unit away for a long timewith an low battery will cause damage to any circuitry when abattery leaks a bit of alkaline material.Consider complaining to the battery company for this kind of problem.Overall this unit is exactly worth the price you pay for it.It does cut my hair which is coarse but I 'm Arabic . Maybe aBlack person should avoid this . Or maybe a Blonde person should avoid it . I have not tested it on my friends.It does tickle the nose . That kind of drives me nuts . But thereis not much to do but tolerate it . It does give a close shave ` up there ' if you move it around and around.Enjoy the cutter . I do .
 I do n't know why this is getting so many bad reviews . I 've had this for about 5 years and it works well . It takes some getting used to , but it works . You need a little experience and need to play around with it a little , but you 'll get the hang of it . The battery will work for at least 50 trims -LRB- has for me -RRB- . For those who dropped and broke it , I think that 's less the fault of the device than the person . Most of all , it 's cheap ! I used to use nail scissors to cut my hairs , but now I just use this . It 's quick and easy . I even use this to trim ear hair and eyebrows now .
 I 've had this trimmer for 10 years and never had a problem . Sometimes the switch needs to be moved twice but it always works . Never falls apart and cut hair great . I 'd buy another if this one would ever wear out !
 I 've been using this trimmer for at least 5 years and it still works great . Definitely worth the money .
 I must admit that my son hated the one I bought for him . He probably did n't use it right . Just inserting it into a nostril and moving it around does n't cut it -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . Instead , turn it on and insert it about 1/4 inch into the nostril , then out , then in , etc. , focusing on each area you want to trim . You can tell when its done trimming an area by the change in pitch.The cutter head comes apart easily for cleaning . I oil the cutter with a drop of light oil , such as baby oil , after each use .
 Great product , small compact and works better than most of the fancier products for sale .
 Over the years I have owned several types , manual & battery powered . This is by far the best I 've found anywhere . I ordered it as replacement for another just like it that I dropped and broke the head/cutter .
 I 've had mine for several years now and I find it very dependable and useful . I initially had some startup problems that I , too , thought might be battery or switch related . However I discovered that a spritz of WD40 into the cutter blades has made this tool very dependable . As with all hair-cutting clippers and shavers , blade lubrication is needed . The other thing people should know is that while the blades cut in a rotary direction , the only way the hairs get into the cutter is through the slots . So this tool cuts on the way IN only , so just putting it in the area and leaving it there will be ineffective ... you have to insert and reinsert to get uncut hairs into the slots . Knowing these two things should give you a good experience with this tool . The `` pulling '' and `` tickling '' that others report is also minimized by having the blades lubricated so that they cut cleanly rather than jam .
 This is the basic model that I started with and I have gone through a number of others over the past 10 years or so . Wahl , Remington , Norelco , wet-dry models , an old fashioned mechanical do-hickey from an on-line ` country ' store , the el-cheapo as seen on TV -LRB- !? -RRB- model from the drug store , ... I 've even gone prehistoric and tried a pair of nail scissors -LRB- I wo n't regale you with the gory details -RRB- . With each purchase I was hopeful that I found the holy-grail of the personal grooming device , but it was not to be . None improved upon the Panasonic model . So here I am . I have gone full circle and purchased this one again.What is the perfect personal groomer ? Everyone has their own ideal , I suppose , but a guy can dream ... It would have sharp enough blades to weed-whack those crazy little nose hairs with one or two passes , yet not tug on that unsightly nostril hair , causing a paroxysmal sneeze . It would be waterproof , and thus easy to clean . It would be solidly constructed and last a good long time . -LRB- Who really wants to spend their hard earned cash on yet another nose-hair trimmer ? -RRB- I can almost see it ! Sugar plums dancing in my head!Sadly , the ER112BC falls short of this simple little dream . You have to go back and forth on a single spot multiple times and there are those few , ever-so-stubborn little proboscis follicles that just wo n't leave without an extra going-over . This one is a little more successful in the ear department , but still care must be taken . And speaking of taking care , very occasionally the little monster snags one of said nostril hairs and heaves it out , in a tweezer-like fashion . Apart from the minor twang of pain , this gives me an oddly uncomfortable twitching sensation and leads to a paroxysmal AAAACHOOOO !!! I would that the full unit were water proof . It 's not . Even so , you can easily remove the top , rinse , and then let the top part air dry . I wish it did n't feel so light and cheap in my hands . Yes . That 's how I lost my first one
 I do n't know why two of the other reviewers had problems , this little gizmo has worked great for me for the past 5 years when I bought it at Wal-Mart . Now they do n't carry them and I want a replacement . BTW , I bought another kind -LRB- flat shaver style -RRB- and the thing is too clumsy to use -LRB- cut myself twice -RRB- . This works great , at least on me .
 I Looked Everywhere Online for a Nose Hair Trimmer with Good Reviews at a Good Price . I Found This One Here on Amazon about 7 Months Ago and I 'm Very Glad I Did , So Far . This Trimmer Appears to Be an Older Design by Panasonic , but Thats Not a Bad Thing in This Case . As Soon as You Put the Batteries In and Turn This On for the First Time , You Know that This Has Plenty of Power to Do Its Job . It Does an Overall Good Job at Trimming the Hairs and is Easy to Handle and Use . I had Bought a Newer Nose Trimmer from Panasonic which I was Very Disappointed With and Broke After Six Months of Occasional Use . Therefore , I Was Very Nervous About Taking Another Chance on Panasonic . Bottom Line is That This is a Great , Well Made , Powerful and Inexpensive Trimmer for the Money .
 Hands down , the best , simplest , and most reliable nose hair trimmer that I have ever used and I have owned many . I had this one like 10 years ago , and lost it in a move and could n't find it anywhere . So I went through a chain of bigger name , more expensive crappy trimmers , only to find this one on amazon a couple weeks ago .
 years ago , i bought this nose hair trimmer for my husband . it 's awesome . however , eventually it finally broke and a part went missing . we have purchased 5 different , and some very expensive trimmers since that never matched up to this one . my husband was thrilled when he finally found his `` original '' trimmer . still works great , do n't waste your money on more expensive models .
 I had purchased this item a number of years ago at Sharper Image store . This is the best nose , ear , anywhere hair trimmer ever . I 'm buying a back up for travel .
 My husband had one of these trimmers for several years . After it finally died we went to several local stores looking for the exact same one , our search was futile . I finally looked on Amazon and found it . Now his regular grooming is back to normal and he is exceptionally pleased . I probably should buy a couple more so he will not be without again . Think I will wait a couple of months first .
 I had one of these for about ten years but I dropped it last year . Tried 2 other brands since then until I thought of shopping for my old faithful on-line . I bought 2 although one is enough as long as I do n't drop it or lose it . After 10 years it 's still the best !
 I 've been using mine for over a year and I find it to work fine . I do n't quite understand the negative reviews . I plan to buy another as a backup and a third to give as a gift .
 Great Product ... This is the second one Ive owned . First one lasted about 7 yrs . Does an excellent job . much better than the others i 've tried . Excellent Vendor , quick shipping AAA + + + highly recommend .
 I had the precursor to this one and it did the job and lasted for several years . I 'm quite satisfied with this one as well . It 's a good value for the money .
 I had this model in the past but could not find it in any local store . It trims better than the other 2 or 3 trimmers I have tried . It does n't leave any hair behind and cuts at the tip which makes it easier to trim at any angle .
 Its the best ear and nose trimmer that I have tried and was glad to find this particular one on line , as trying the local stores I could n't find one . I 've had this unit for years and Its tops in my book . Harold
 I bought mine at least a decade ago , after a couple of other models broke or ripped me up . This one has never failed . Yes , sometimes I have to smack it to make the contacts work . Yes , sometimes it starts up slowly before reaching full RPM . I have one in my shaving kit and one in my medicine cabinet . I 've replaced the batteries here and there , but not so often that it seems like they drain quickly - honestly , at least a couple of years between changes . But I like it - it is small , it works , it fits in your hand , and it does the job .
 I 've used and depended on one of these for at least a decade before it finally wore out . Was so pleased to find a replacement on Amazon . When it arrived I fired it up , and it works like a champ . Like getting an old friend back !
 This inexpensive unit works great and after using it , I would n't be without it . You ca n't beat this unit for cost and effectiveness .
 I have been using this model for years . They do n't last forever so I ordered this new one . The first one arrived and after inserting the battery it would not work . I contacted Amazon and the vendor was very helpful . A new one was shipped right away and I did n't have to bother with returning the old one ; excellent customer service . I like this model much better than any of the newer ones . This one works very well and gets the job done ; I recommend it .
 had problems with the 1st one i received ; so I left seller about the issue I had and got a replacement . the replacement works as expected.i would rate this a 5 star if the 1st one worked .
 There is nothing really to rave about this . It cuts the hairs and it nice and compact . I 'd buy it again .
 I bought it for under $ 10 , and it works - that 's a great bang for my buck.It takes a few runs in each nostril to get everything trimmed , and it starts smelling like oiled-metal as you use it -LRB- naturally - it IS lodged up in your nose -RRB- , but the family notices it trimmed well . I 'm happy with the purchase .
 This item is a replacement for one I have used for many years . These simple trimmers outperform others costing three times as much - and last forever .
 Not a whole lot to say here . This trimmer works much better than the one I had . It was a Remington . Trims well , but seems like I might be more likely to cut myself , hence four instead of five stars . I guess buy it and then remember to be careful .
 I ca n't believe this trimmer is still around . I bought this exact model over 10 years ago and today I dropped it on the ground and it stopped working so I 've been looking on amazon for a replacement . This was my first and only trimmer and it 's performed nicely during that time . I do n't know if the ones being made today are of the same quality but mine gets 5 stars for longevity.This trimmer has a plain and boring look to it but it cuts nose hair pretty well . Never had an issue with it pulling on hair unless the battery was low . You might have to push a little harder in the bend near the tip of your nose to get a close trim but it 's not troublesome.Towards the end of this trimmer 's life it did start having issues turning on . I found out the battery contacts were getting corroded . If you look at the contacts and see a bluish greenish coloring on them , it 's corrosion and is preventing contact with the battery . To remedy this I took a cotton swab and dabbed it in vinegar and wiped the contacts . The corrosion will come off and it should work fine again . But eventually the corrosion will come back . It was n't a huge problem for me and I was able to live with it.But now it 's time to find another trimmer . This one has performed very admirably all these years but I 'd like to try something new . Plus , this one is more expensive than many of the other trimmers . Maybe the extra cost is for the long lasting durability ? Anyways happy trimming !
 Bought the Panasonic 20 dollar model and this one works way better . I have a beard and mustache trimmer for all other grooming so I just wanted a unit for nose hair . I would buy a few of these in case one breaks or for replacement before spending 18-20-or 30 dollars for the high price ones . It works great and I have had no problems with it .
 I 've tried others ; they did n't work . This Panasonic -LRB- ER112B -RRB- is different . It really works . It easily cuts off nose and ear hairs . It can get close to the hair 's base without hurting the underlying skin . And it removes the hairs after they 're cut with a mild vacuum action . Neat.It has pretty good power for something that uses a battery ; it does n't slow down or require multiple passes.The noise level is moderate - not silent , but not a racket either . You can use it in your ears without going deaf.I was skeptical before I bought it , but am now convinced ; it works.I recommend this product .
 My husband got one of these trimmers about 4 years ago and it finally broke . He has since purchased a couple different trimmers and was very disappointed in them . I went on line and started looking for yet another trimmer and found this one . Oh Happy Day ! I purchased it and he is very happy again . I considered purchasing a couple of them in case he needs another one in the distant future !!
 I 've tried a lot of different nose/ear trimmer even the lighted Panasonic ER421KC trimmer . That one rips your hair out and runs out of batteries quickly . I did like the trimmers that they show on TV that have a little trimmer on one side but those get disgusting after using them for a while even if you wash them off and they bog down easily . I got fed up and bought this and I was VERY pleased . It is fast and powerful . They use to make a water proof version but I cant find it . Try this one you wo n't regret it .
 I like the Panasonic ER112BC a lot , but it vibrates a little and tickles the inside of my nose during use -LRB- so 4 stars -RRB- . Those of you who are looking for a practical product that is inexpensive , works well and are not ticklish this is nose trimmer is for you . BTW , it works well on ears also .
 Works better than at least 3 types I 've bought since I last had this type . Ca n't find this in any BAM in this part of the country . Happy to find it on line .
 Most reviewers on this site are unenthusiastic about this particular product . I think the main reason for that level of dissatisfaction is , as someone else suggested , that people need to pay attention to how , exactly , this trimmer works . Because of its design , best results are obtained when it is inserted , withdrawn , then inserted again , and the procedure repeated . Second tip
 After discussing nose hair trimmers over a family dinner tonight -LRB- strange is n't it ? -RRB- , I wanted to share my thoughts on this trimmer .15 years ago I received this little trimmer as a gift . I still use this same trimmer on a weekly basis and it still does a great job . I have purchased other trimmers in that time to see if anything newer on the market does a better job . The newer ones I have tried have not been impressive.If they are still made the same as they were 15 years ago , buy with confidence .
 My boyfriend had this one and it broke . I bought him a more expensive panasonic model , one with a light , and he hated it . He said it did n't have enough power . So I bought him this one again and he 's happy now .
 The nose clipper is wonderful . I highly recommend it to others . It works well , is a small , convenient size and the price was more than reasonable .
 Quality product . Most trimmers break within a month and are cheaply constructed . I have had this product for over a year and it still runs on it 's original batteries -LRB- only use once every 2 weeks -RRB- . It pulls on hairs occasionally , but it the most powerful trimmer I 've had . spins like a jet engine
 Panasonic ER112BC Nose and Ear TrimmerI have one that I received for a gift 17 years ago and it is still working like new . I purchase another for my home in Lima Peru.The Best
 I 've used this product for years . I dropped my previous one in the bathroom and broke and had to order a new one . Could n't be more happy .
 Organic , freeze-dried , and just about as good as eating raw root . You can tell how fresh and good they are when you smell them , and also when they touch your pallet you can tell they are of extreme high quality . I have yet to find a capsulized ginger product to match this in quality .
 Instructions were very poor . Had to have my physical therapist look at the unit and tell me how to use it . It is awkward but effective .
 This Chapstick Lip Balm is a fantastic product . I 've used it for years and never found any other balm that works as well .
 But it does pull your nose hair .
 This product saved my Father 's nose and ears . I used baby scissors before the purchase of the trimmer.My father almost had a piereced nose so this product saved his life snd nose . He is 85 years old and I have to do everything-so thank you .
 I 've owned two of these now . The first one , I dropped and broke it , but it had been going strong for over 2 years . I use it in the shower , it 's completely waterproof and very effective and comfortable to use .
 The sale and delivery went as advertized , I will use this seller again
 neet little gadget causes minor pain . ouch omg my nose is bleeding . just kidding , like the other review says the price of perfection or at least the quest for it
 My ER411 just died . It lasted about 2 years . Not bad I suppose as it does n't cost much . It remained sharp and worked pretty good until the end when it just would n't start anymore . I 'm going to try the ER421 now as that seems to be a newer model and it has a light on it .
 What a great little tool for getting rid of unwanted hair , My ears were a problem and this did the job and I had no discomfort and super easy to clean . If you need to buy one , this is a good one . Hope it last as long time .
 I do n't have hairy ears , but I do n't like hair in my nose . I 've used another brand for years and it finally gave out . This is far , far better than the old one . I also like it to trim eyebrow hairs rather than plucking . This is a great product !
 I bought a couple of these for gifts and myself and they work great . Easy to clean . You have to be careful taking them apart , but it is not too hard . The ones I got were `` National '' brand , the Japanese brand of Panasonic . Same product .
 This will shave all nose/ear hair . Wet/Dry and waterproof , completely portable , there is nothing not to like . It does everything it should with no errors . Hard to imagine this product any better.Edit : The above is my original review . One year later , it is broken . I have since switched to the Grommmate stainless steel and manual trimmer , which is cheaper and just as effective , albeit slower ; it is also less likely to break.In short
 Had a Panasonic ear and nose groomer before worked great . Bought a new groomer just because I got tired of looking at the old one . The new one was more expensive and rechargble , but worked bad . When I noticed this groomer I bought it . It is great , both working and price . This is a keeper .
 This is a good tool if you have nose hairs to be removed . It removes all of the hairs and it does n't hurt . I have had it more than a year and still using the same battery .
 This product is easy to use and clean . It removes unsightly nose hairs without pulling . Works well for the price paid .
 This was a gift for my son . His wife noticed the difference it made .
 Of all nose/ear hair clippers I tried -LRB- including other Panasonics -RRB- this is the best . Cuts all kinds of hair , including fuzzy hair , very close , without skin damage . On top , it 's quiet and washable .
 Incredibly useful , i 've seen articles like this in movies , but i 've never bought one before , know that i got one is the best and most useful thing ever , i use it all the time , i bought another for my dad and he loves it too . If you suffer as me of ear hair and nasal hair , do n't hesitate , this is what you need
 This is a truly great product . Quiet , compact , works great and trims like a lawn mower . Works well at getting into hard to reach places around the nose and ear and strong enough to trim sideburns - though I do n't recommend it , it would take a long time . A must have for those looking to remove unwanted hair .
 I love a product that works as it claims to . This is an example of such a product . I am now in my lower 40s and hair is starting to poke out from my nose and ears and it was starting to get a little gross . This little machine cleans it all up in a jiffy . It doesnt hurt nor does it make an obscene noise . Actually it kind of tickles a little bit . What I dont understand though is where does the little pieces of hair go after they are cut ? They seem to disappear ! Seriously though , its a product that costs $ 15 and it works . What more can you ask for ?
 Boy , this thing is powerful . It 's like a weedwacker for your nose . Sometimes it pulls the hairs a bit which can be uncomfortable but I rather put up with that and get clean grooming rather than use the cheapo brand that does n't cut anything . This is definitely worth the money .
 I have used this item for the last 3 weeks with total satisfaction . It grooms wells and precisely so far .
 This unit gets all the follicles without taking blood . It 's painless . It works .
 The Panasonic ER411NC Nose and Ear Hair Groomer is a great , easy to use tool , at an incredibly affordable price . A pleasure to use . It really takes the sting out of a sensitive job . Get one !
 Works like magic ! I tried it yesterday and it 's just perfect . My nose is `` sparkling clean '' ! I did n't mean to disgust you , though .
 I received my Panasonic ER411 today and the seconds I stick it into my nose and hear the trimming noise I know i have a winner . I have try the other sub $ $ products I got at the retail store and they just could n't do a ` clean ' job . I have small nose holes but the size fits in just fine . I orignially bought it only for my nose hair because I do not have ear hair that I know of . Out of curiosity I put it in my ears and to my surprise , the trimming noise starts and took out the ear hair that I did n't know about.It feels good when sometimes you award yourself with these little life helpers .
 It 's a great product . . easy to clean , safe , no concern with cutting your nose . Highly recommended .
 I do n't have lot of nose hair , but purchased it anyway and it works great . I sneeze a lot at the time of using it because of tingling sensation it creates when trimming the hair . Overall a great product and would highly recommend it .
 I had an old 411 , lost it and purchased 2 other brands and panasonic 415 . None compare with the quality trim and closeness of the 411 . Once you try this 411 the rest will end up in the trash . This is the PERFECT trimmer .
 The Panasonic ER411NC Nose and Hair Groomer works just as advertised -- it painlessly clips annoying nose and ear hair . The trimmer is lightweight and very quiet.And , it bears repeating -- PAINLESS.The only reason this trimmer gets four stars instead of five
 I 'm at that age folks ... you know , when the hair stops growing on the top of my head , and instead , decides to grow in my ears ! It 's disgusting ! Until now , I 've been taking a small scissors and a couple of mirrors to try to trim those pesky things . There has n't been too much blood shed , but the whole process is ridiculous . I went searching for one of these gadgets not knowing what to expect . I could never figure out how they worked . I mean , how do you get an electric razor that small ? ... I got it , popped the battery in , and was totally amazed ! It 's hard to describe , but if you can picture the top of your little finger -- that 's the size of this rotary electric razor that spins in a circle . I thought it might `` pull '' the hairs out , but it does n't . This gadget has changed my life ! They ought to put me on a commercial , but I 'd be too embarrassed . This thing should be in the medicine cabinet of every man over 40 ... I highly recommend this product and am surprised they are n't doing mass advertising for it . If more people knew about it , it could take off and be a staple for family use . Amazon.com shipping was flawless , the product professionally packages - overall a 5 star experience and something that will save me a ton of aggravation in future years . Now if I could just get the hair on the top of my head to grow back ...
 My Sasquatch-like nostrils were becoming unmanageable.The unsightly nose hairs were so long they would sometimes get tangled , causing me extreme , eye-watering pain . During cold and flu season , it was not uncommon for me to get some `` leftovers '' stuck in my nose.I needed something that could tame the beast that resided inside my nose.I needed something that could cut through dense foliage , and not look back.Who was up for the challenge ? Not many.I tried a number of different grooming tools , but none of them achieved the level of trimming that I desired . The `` pretender groomers '' -LRB- as I like to call them -RRB- would either yank out the hairs at an excruciatingly slow pace , or I would be left with stubble inside my nose . The ladies might like the `` George Michael '' 5 o'clock shadow , but nobody likes a 5 o'clock shadow in your nostrils.After many failed attempts , I was convinced that there was n't a tool available that could handle my rigorous grooming demands . I was ready to give up and resort to using my blunt , miniature scissors for the rest of my life.And then I discovered the Panasonic Nose and Ear Hair Groomer.This remarkable piece of equipment mows down everything in its path . No pain , minimal motor noise -LRB- for those seeking a discrete trim -RRB- , and it works equally well in wet or dry conditions . So , worry not Seattle natives!The one AA battery usually does n't last long enough for me to complete my grooming ritual , but the 90-minute battery life should be more than sufficient for the rest of you . With an ergonomically designed stainless-steel blade that retains its sharpness , the Panasonic Nose and Ear Hair Groomer is the first and last personal groomer you will ever need.However , I 'm slightly disturbed by Amazon 's option to buy it used .
 As men get older they get weirder looking , and one of the things that makes them look weirder and ickier is targus , that annnoying hair that crops up in their nostrils and ears . This little gem weed-whacks those hairs pretty well . And you can HEAR it chopping away which is kind of satisfying . There is a certain amount of pulling , it 's not all that sharp , but the unit does in fact clean out the hair in your nostrils and takes , oh , three or four months off your age at least . I do n't really think this thing is going to last more than two months tops , but it works for now . It really does get the nose hairs out . And quickly.Addendum
 This device probably provides the easiest method for trimming long nasal hairs . It works quite well . This Panasonic will definitely trim your hair very quickly and efficiently . And it will certainly do so in a manner that appears much safer than using pointed scissors . However , do not expect it to be a completely comfortable experience . You may experience some hair pulling and slight tugging at times . In fairness , trimming nasal hairs will probably always be an awkward process.The device , like most Panasonic products , is made of good quality materials . The cover to the battery compartment seems to have a fairly good seal . The cutters seem to be made of stainless steel . All of that makes cleaning the unit very convenient . You can actually wash the unit under running water to clean it . A ventilated cover protects the cutters . The ventilation on the cap probably helps prevent moisture from building up on the cutters.The unit measures approximately five inches long . It requires one AA battery in order to function . I do not know how well this unit will function for its other purpose
 I tried this device for the first time today and it worked splendidly . As the previous reviewer noted , you can hear when it 's getting hair , which is helpful . It cleared my nose right out and there 's a bit of stubble left but overall I 'm amazed at how smooth and clean it is in there now . A lot better than plucking or shoving your regular razor up there -LRB- hey , some days you 're desperate -RRB- . One thing - use this device over a sink and clean your nose out with a damp tissue afterward to get all the hair . I think it tries to get the hair it cuts , but it does n't seem to be as successful at that . No big deal though.I have a feeling that I 'll soon wonder how I ever managed without this device .
 I am so happy with this Panasonic ER411 trimmer . After plucking and many other painful procedures , I gave up on these little trimmers because my previous one was WORTHLESS . I looked at Amazon and saw the wonderful reviews for this trimmer and resorted it as my last bet . I went to Target and found it , bought it for $ 19.99 , and it works great ! This is not just a tool for men , I 'm a woman and I use it for the original purpose
 Everyone has an Uncle Walter . Great sense of humor , helps you fix things , wears Aqua-Velva . You just love him to death , but he 's got twigs growing out of his nose , and more hair IN his ears than around them.Well , now you can help get that fella on the road to suave . Get him a Panasonic brand Nose and Ear Hair Groomer.You see , I too had that problem . To solve it I tried the small , blunt scissors -- Nope , too many nosebleeds . I even tried that German Spring Clamp thing -- imagine an Epilady for your nose , yanking the hairs out by the roots ! In desperation I nabbed a Panasonic . And I am VERY pleased with the results.Helpful Hint
 I 've been through several trimmers and this one is a keeper . It works as advertised as a nose TRIMMER so it wo n't neatly collect hairs like a SHAVER . The tip can be safely rinsed out under the tap , but do n't dunk it in the shower . The motor gets hot within 30-60 seconds of use , so take a break between nostrils . During cleaning take care not to lose the blade down the drain like I did . I was hoping Panasonic would send a replacement blade for free , but they want $ 10 + $ 5 shipping for it . YOWZA ... I could get a brand new trimmer for less than that when Amazon has it on sale !
 Well , this little guy Does pull on your nose and ear hairs , and if that does n't bother you you 're a better man than I GD . I admit to a bit of `` yikes '' now and then , but I Did discover that if you move the mower Slowly whilst hewing the internal forests it greatly reduces these little surprises . Having spent long years with scissors and mirror I Do feel that this is a great improvement . It is considerably faster in the nose mowing area , and I never did dare to explore my otic growth with any object sharper than a Q-tip . It 's also quite comprehensive in its coverage , reaching well into all nooks and crannys . I now feel quite secure in my general appearance , and any person curious enough to take a gander into my facial orifices will find me nicely groomed and most presentable .
 So I finally get the message after watching `` queer eye '' and so I start checking these things out . I read all the reviews of these things that I could find and this one ranked high in the majority of reviews . And Man , this is cheap and does the job . No pain from hairs being pulled out yet . -LRB- Maybe these things require a gentle touch . -RRB- I have several Panasonic products and this rates up there with the rest . Works great . Had it for 4 weeks and no problems . I even put a half used battery in it . Highly recommended .
 I have been using older model , basically the same as the one I ordered for the last 5 years . Would n't have had to buy this one if my wife had n't dropped the old one .
 This is my first nose/ear groomer and I was a bit hesitant in using it first -LRB- after reading reviews that it hurts -RRB- . But to my surprise grooming seems painless ... I feel more clean now : -RRB- Great buy . Strongly recommend .
 While my age shall remain unknown to you , I have looked for a long time for a comfortable way to trim those pesky nose hairs . I ca n't believe such a great product is being sold for such a low price . This should be in every medicine cabinet in America ! It does an excellent job , with minimal discomfort and no pain . Highly recommended .
 That is the funniest review I have ever read ! Thanks for the giggles !
 Husband loves it - and sneezes alot . It works and certainly has made an improvement in his personal appearance !
 My last nose hair trimmer was my Daddy 's . It was big and had handgrips for each hand , an old plug - in - the - wall type . It was best if you had someone help holding it cuz it was heavy . You had to keep the blades sharp , or it 'll rip the hairs out of your nose . Most of the time it left you bloody.I like this one better cuz all you got to do is put a battery in and turn it on . This thing cuts all types of hair . I bet this thing would cut a male gorilla 's nose hair pretty good if you could teach a gorilla how to turn it on . It 's real easy ; you just push that switch on the side . Big thick black hairs too . It is n't like those cheap trimmers that were made in Japan . This one was made in China . I bet I could teach a Gorilla how to use this trimmer . It works on batteries . It works good .
 Easy to use product that delivers as promised . Makes trimming those hard to reach areas easy . Easy to use and simple to clean . Good product .
 I tried manual clippers in the past but found they had sharp edges and were too big for my smallish nostrils anyway . Instead , I used cuticle scissors for nose and ear trims . When I stumbled over the battery operated Panasonic ER411 I decided to give it a try . That was last month . I 've used it twice so far and it 's terrific . The cutting head is smaller than I expected and fits comfortably in nostrils and ears . And with no sharp edges exposed it 's easy and pleasant to use . Great tool .
 takes just one battery , cuts clean and quiet , does not pull or pinch . very easy to use .
 I have tried many of these types of trimmers , and this one works!It cuts all the hair in my ears and nose quick and close without yanking them.And the motor/cutter will not deafen you when you trim your ears.Good choice of products !
 I have a previous Panasonic nose trimmer model which I purchased over 8 years ago . I use it often , as I find excessive nose hair offensive . Although my old model works very well , I ordered this model over 1 year ago to have a spare in my hygiene kit , as I am often on the go with very little advanced notice . Although both models trim nose hair excellently , his model , Panasonic ER411 , is more powerful than my previous model , trims faster , and finishes the job in less time . The end result is , however , the same for both ; an excellent trim . This new model , ER411 , is just as easy to take apart and clean , as the old model . One improvement , besides a more powerful motor , is that the cap has vents that allow for air drying with the cap on , and the cap will also prevent the trimmer to inadvertently turn `` ON '' via an innovative locking mechanism .
 I purchased this item a couple months ago , and it works perfectly ! I have yet to experience any painful pulls or nics ! I would reccomend changing the battery if you ever did . The size is small enough to be able to see at the same time . The unit does not feel `` hot '' as other models do , even after several minutes of continued use . I would reccomend this to all of my furry friends . Wonderful product at a good price ! 5/5 !
 I 'm unfortunately getting to the stage where hair starts growing in more and more places that I do n't want it to . So I needed a trimmer , and one that could handle the ears and nose . This little guy works great . I does n't pull and gets in pretty close . My only complaint is that the vibrations from the head tickle the heck out of my nose . But all in all , a good choice .
 I ordered this product , rather than another similar product , due to the previous reviews . I used it as soon as it arrived , and it worked effortlessly and painlessly . It is very quiet and does a great job . Highly recommended .
 I purchaed this trimmer to replace the old one that I dropped on it 's tip . The original was excellent except that it was not drop resistant . The original never snagged and pulled and I was extremely fearful of the possibilty and was generally apprehensive with each use . When I dropped it and damaged the blade cone I new I would try to buy an exact replacement as this one had never `` bitten '' me . But when I tried to find a replacement there were of course multiple models to chose from . I picked the most expensive model -LRB- still around only twenty dollars -RRB- as it looked the most similar to the original and with the inside of my nose I wo n't skimp on price . If I could find one that cost $ 50 that I could be sure would n't cut me or yank out those hairs I would have bought that one . I had read some discouraging reviews about this model being a torture device but was stuck with trying it , as it was a Panasonic similar to my fine working original . I found that although this replacement is not as good as the original , a break-in period may prove to correct the problem of pulling . I believe that they have probably found a cheaper method of manufacture that leaves the blade and shearing edge of the cone less refined than the original , but hopefully will wear-in to provide a snag free instrument . The only other concern , as with the original , is that of dropping it on it 's tip . If you do , it will be instant junk , and you will be in the market for a replacement and the possibly painful break-in period .
 This product does everything I wanted and does it easily and for a very good price . It is also not a cheaply made product .
 I have had it for the last 6 months and here are the pros and pros :1 . Good cutting capability2 . Good battery lifecons1 . Cleaning is a painOverall does the job and is worth the money .
 I had my doubts when I ordered it , but I was tired of drawing blood trying to trim myself with a barber scissors , so I decided to give it a try!To my surprise , this trimmer worked perfectly . It works equally well on nose and ear hair , and is also ideal for trimming the occasional whisker on the chin or lip that gets missed during shaving . I 've used it for 2 months and am still using the original set of batteries.So if you 're tired of hacking yourself up with a scissors , give this a try ... you wo n't be disappointed !
 I found this trimer to be exactly what it is advertised to be . The cutting is clean and complete . No pulling , good speed and power , battery life is good , shape and size is ideal .
 Well-designed tool that works so much better than `` safety '' manicure scissors . Really keeps things tidy . I wish that everything in the world was this well-designed . This would also make a nice little stocking stuffing for the holidays , something small but thoughtful.Face the fact that you just do n't * need * hair growing out of your ears or nostrils . Comes with age , but it 's gross . This is EASILY the best way to keep yourself nice and neat !
 When the other person in you life starts chasing you around with tweezers - It 's time to invest in a tool that wo n't bring tears to your eyes . No pain , effortless , cleans up the nose and the ears and maybe even a testy eyebrow hair.Highly recommended .
 This little beauty does a great job on all my excess fur . It 's kind of gross to stick this up your nose , but it really does a fine job . The biggest problem I have is the sensation of getting my nose hair trimmed makes me sneeze . Oh well , it 's worth it to be neatly groomed !
 I 've been completely satisfied with this groomer . I 'm fairly picky and when you hear I 'm satisfied , it 's got to be good . Overall , good battery life and great trimming makes this groomer a `` must have '' .
 It 's hard to keep a straight face when discussing the personal grooming solution this little wonder offers -- but the bottom line is it works . Really.There may be some who have mastered the art of using scissors to remove nosehair , but I 'm not one of them . No matter how hard I 've tried in the past , I 've never been able to quite get the job done . Not even close . And I figured the $ 15 price tag was worth it if only to satisfy my curiousity about how these things actually operate , or at least be good for a laugh or two from my wife or kids.Well , it 's no joke . Yeah , there 's a minor tug or two during operation as some have noted , but the inside of my nose is as smooth as a baby 's bottom . My advice is to give it a shot . What have you got to lose ? Well , other than the obvious , that is .
 This little groomer is the ticket . Light , compact , simple and works . Period .
 Good cutting speed so no pulling . Cuts fairly close to the skin - a good thing.Works great .
 This is the only clipper I have ever found that actually works . Between me and my friends , we have tried about 10 different brands . This is the ONLY one that cuts well .
 This trimmer works great . I use it in my ears and it cuts the hairs very close to the skin without any tugging . It 's remarkably quiet -LRB- which is a big plus when a motor gets up close and personal with your eardrum -RRB- . I 've used it every other day for a month now and the battery has n't drained a bit . It feels solidly built and is easy to grip . I could n't be happier .
 Let 's face it , men of a certain age start to find the need for regular mowing of bits of our faces that previously needed none.The problem is the prospect of sticking conventional trimming devices up ones nose or down ones ears , ranks anywhere between terrifying and psychotic ! Scissors up the nose ? no way and the prospect of tweezing , jeeeeesh !! Then I found this , a buzzy little friend with a delicate head and no visible blades nor any which could harm skin but get them near tufty and furry facial cavities and they are back to their hairless days in no time . With this I can trim in minutes and no longer have to fear looking like a scarry guy who is going mouldy . One tip I would offer , after trimming your nose hairs thoroughly , blow your nose well to do what your barber does with the old neck brush !
 I brought it for myself due to it was under the gold box sale , and the prior grooming object was barbaric and hurt from pulling the nasal hair . This does n't pull the hair . It cuts the hair no pain involved at all I was so impressed with it . I bought 2 more for family members . it is awesome and only one battery and it can be immerse in water . Now I look forward to my hair growing :-RRB- and knowing I will look my best
 I just fired up my new trimmer today . It worked much better than either of the two other products that I have tried . The testing ground was nose and ears . My nostrils had so much hair in them that the hair ebbed and flowed with every breath like squid tentacles . But this trimmer handled the challenge well . The only reason I did not award 5 stars was because I felt like the hair was almost being pulled , so the trimming process made me a bit edgy.Please do not ask me to borrow nose hair trimmer . It is for my use only .
 I hate getting old . The hair on my head is shedding like a St. Bernard drools , but the hair in my nose and ears grows faster than unwanted weeds in my garden . I have tried scissors , tweezers , and my razor all with varying degrees of success , blood and pain . This invention has solved all my problems . I no longer look like a scarecrow with straw coming out of my nose and ears . I no longer cut myself , and I do n't bleed all over the place . This item works without pain , and is fast and easy to use . Highly reccomended .
 This little gizmo works like a champ . It should be noted that it is not painless , there is some slight discomfort as nose hairs are mowed down . Use in the ears , however , is painless , though noisy . If you have those annoying tufts of hair in there , this will do the trick in seconds .
 I ordered this product based on the testimonials of the other reviewers for this product . I have not been disappointed and feel that these reviews indicating an excellent product are right on the money ! This trimmer is easy to use , discreet , and fast . Great product .
 Just got it ... worked amazingly well.I 'll take the little zing it caused on first use ; my guess is that in the future it wo n't be anything like the clear-cut I did.Priced right , you will not be disappointed .
 it still hurt you when you try to cut your nose 's hair . not like the description says .
 Buy it for yourself . It 's less than $ 15 , and * well * worth every penny .
 Do n't even THINK of using this for anything but the stated purpose . I 've yet to see anything on the market for my particular affliction
 I had this item for 15 years , but the blades got dull . I replaced it with the Sharper Image version which cost twice as much . Worse then being more expensive , it was painfull to use . I returned the Sharper Image version and bought another Panasonic . It 's true that the parts do n't seem as well made as the one from 15 years ago , but I am back to a pain free experience . I would highly recommend this item .
 While shopping for a beard trimmer for my husband for Christmas I was offered a bundled deal with this little trimmer . Wish I had bought one years ago . It accomplishes the task safely and quickly and without the vibrations that a friend had reported made him sneeze when using similar device from a different manufacturer .
 I have long needed help keeping those nasal hairs in check ! The Panasonic groomer works well , if with a little discomfort . I am pleased I made the purchase , and would recommend to others .
 Never know how important this gadget was until i used it . Its a must have thing . Uses 1 AA battery and has a decent battery life . Neatly designed .
 I purchased this item based on the Amazon.com reviews . I , like most men , have hair growing in my ears and nose that tend to be a pain to groom . I have nipped my ears a number of times when trying to cut wild hairs with scissors . The same with my nose . I like to present a neat appearance and that is hard to do with stray hairs growing where they should n't be . Plucking is effective but can hurt quite a bit.With the Panasonic groomer , it 's a breeze . No nicks and it is quick and easy to do both my ears and nose . It is easy to clean afterwards as well . Now I just spend 5 minutes with the groomer every 3 or 4 weeks and no more wild hair problems . Well worth the money .
 What can be said ? It does what it advertises quickly and effortlessly with no pulling/pinching or any problems . It 's inexpensive and convenient . I have yet to replace the batteries as well .
 Especially good job on my ear hair . Tugs slightly on nose hairs at first use . Use it every couple days and no more tugging . Nice , balanced feel in my hand . Would buy again .
 They snag a bit when they 're new , but they are the best for nose hair ... my old one is still working , so I got another for my car ...
 Gentlemen , let me give you a some free information . The average woman is a little shorter than the average man -LRB- about 6 inches I have read -RRB- , so that means that all too often we find ourselves looking up your noses . And , if there is one thing that turns many of us off , it is the sight of all sorts of hair streaming out of your nostrils ! -LRB- How do some of you guys breathe ? -RRB- Anyway , I highly recommend this excellent groomer , which does an excellent job of getting rid of that unsightly nose and ear hair . It does n't pinch or pull , and is very easy to use . I got one for the guy in my life about a year ago , and am very happy with the results . Take my advice , gentlemen , and get grooming ! -LRB- Review of Panasonic ER411NC Nose and Ear Hair Groomer -RRB-
 The trimmer is great in that it has no trouble with mowing down any bush you might have in your nose . It does however , pull on the hair occaisonally which can be a bit upleasant .
 I had bought a low quality grommer from a different manufacturer a couple of months back and suffered from it - it would take me atleast 10 mins of grinding around my nostrils to remove all the hair follicles and even after that , I could still feel some hair inside - which I hate.Disappointed with my earlier experience , I took my chance with this one - there are some negative reviews and some strong positive reviews.With this one , I am pretty happy with the way it performs - just 2-3 mins and I have a clean feeling in my nostrils and ears.Some of the negative reviews and my comments on it * Too painful and yanks off sensitive hair - yes it does pain - but very very little . If you want zero pain , somebody needs to design a microprecision tool for this and would cost you nothing less than a grand . * Too irritating - Yes , it is not a comfortable feeling to get something moving at high speed inside your nose and ears , it is just a matter of getting used to * Breaks after a few months/malfunctioning - Well , I have some doubts here , if you guys have been immersing the whole thing into soap water and cleaning it . It is an electrical equipment and does needs some due care.On the other side , these are low margin , low volume business for these companies and I would ` nt be surprised if they put low quality parts into manufacturing this.Overall , I am pretty satisfied this product .
 This unit works like a champ , but drop it once and it 's stone cold dead . I 'm on my third one . But they 're relatively inexpensive , so one can almost think of them as disposable .
 Hair in nose and ear is not one of my problems . However , a well beloved family member is quite hirsute . This little instrument has made me a hero in the family - no more nose hairs peeking out while we are eating our soup and trying to avoid looking at ___ 's hairy nose . No one would sit next to __ because his ears had hair that needed to be braided . Hair be gone and it is . Want to be the family favorite - buy one for all of youu beloveds .
 This was hubbys needed tool and it is still working and he was very happy with it . I dont know what else to write LOL
 I bought an ER 411 years ago and it 's been a pretty good product . It was the second nose/ear hair trimmer I bought . The other one had a straight -LRB- not round -RRB- head and was awful . After probably 7 or 8 years , I would say the $ 25 I paid for the ER 411 was a great investment . Why the heck they think it 's worth $ 50 now is beyond me . Is this a collectible ? Try the ER 415 if you 're looking for a trimmer .
 This is the best product for nose hair . Ive had nose hair since i was 15 and never really found a product that got rid of all of them . this one does without nicks or any bleeding . It also works in my ears.Jim ClareyHoboken , NJ
 I have nothing but the highest regard for this trimmer . It does a great job . I was worried after reading the reviews about it pulling hair , however I did not experience any pain , it is smooth and effective . Easy to clean and use .
 friends , this is/was the jesus of trimmers . i 'm sure there are those who have had problems with it . i have not ! i pray to this unit !! there are some simple souls who would have trouble with anything ... this unit makes the greuling chore of excess hair managment a piece of cake ! and yes , if some hair would grow on my head this WOULD relieve insult to injury !
 My husband has been using a small pair of scissors for years to cut his nasal and ear hair and always worried that he would gouge a hole in his nose especially from a sharp move -- after using the groomer one time , he is soooooooooooooo happy I bought it -- he is very comfortable with it and sees nothing but a wonderful grooming experience with it ! Highly recommend this groomer !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I 've used the `` less expensive '' groomers for years , and now I wonder why I hesitated to go with the Panasonic . It is terrific !
 I 've tried Wahl , Remington and Conair and winced as it pulled rather than cut my nose and ear hairs . This Panasonic groomer does the job as stated in the online literature . It will even clip a wild eyebrow hair . A good choice for those who want to keep trimmed .
 My husband asbolutely loves this product . I cringed everytime I saw him go at his ears and nose with an itty bitty pair of sharp scissors , so he tried this and really loves it . would recommend it highly . A good deal for the money !!!
 Gets the job done with an occasional pinch . Best I 've found to date .
 My dad asked me to find a nose groomer for him , and trusting the Panasonic brand , I selected this one . He 's very pleased with it and says it works well .
 For those of us who have more hair growing in their nose than on their head this device is great , although it 's not easy to use to remove hair on your ear .
 This product is better than expected . Thought it would be limited compared to much talked about Sharper Image one , which I have tried . This product however was just as good .
 Ear and nose hair , the curse of man ! It takes a special tool to handle the heavy work and this is it . Having tried many different models and styles , I have found this to be the best . Reasonably priced , easy to handle , plenty of power and by design , you ca n't cut or slice yourself while trimming . I 'd recommend this model to anyone who is conscious of their appearance and want to keep the annoying facial hairs under control .
 Wow I just noticed there are 259 reviews for a $ 14 nose hair trimmer . Some of which are lengthy . I ordered this recently so I better submit review # 260 . It cuts my nose hair and it does not hurt . I feel sexier after trimming my nose hair.Thanks .
 I bought this after trying a Conair . The Conair was useless ... it did n't seem to work at all.This results from the Panasonic were/are instantaneous for both ear and nose hairs . After standing in front of my mirror like a fool with the Conair looking for results , this product exceeded my expectations . My only complaint is that the process is a little more painful or at least startling when it comes to trimming nose hairs . Sometimes , this product can bring tears to yours eyes . Bottom line though is that it works .
 This truly is the MACH 3 of nose trimmers , worked great for those hard to reach hairs , worth every penny !!
 Most men will reach the age when they look in the mirror one day and realize there is hair growing from their nose . When this day comes , it is important to remember that , like weed wackers , not all nose hair trimmers are created equal . Cheap cutters will pull the hair from the root . Yes , it leaves your nose smoother than babies ' behind , but it 's not pleasant . Trimmers that pull end up in the trash or yard sale right next to other creepy items . That having been said , these Panasonic trimmers leave a little bit of hair -LRB- maybe 1/8 of an inch -RRB- but at the same time , it does n't usually pull . It 's a worthy trade-off , and the cheapest trimmers I 've found that do n't yank the hairs from the root .
 It functions nicely . But one does need some time to feel confatable using it ... it makes you itchy .
 This was ordered to give as a gift , and the recipient was thrilled !
 I never thought I had a need for a hair trimmer of any sort . . I 've never seen hair in my ears and I have a full mustache that blends in right up to my nostrils . . However , after shaving my mustache off , I noticed my nose hair was a little longer than I 'd expect . . I read the review for this product on Amazon and wondered how so many customers could speak so highly of a nose hair trimmer . . That was until I received mine today and put a single AA battery into it , turned it on and began to use it in less than two minutes from its arrival . . This has to be the most effective means of getting rid of your unwanted nose/ear hair that 's actually fun , safe and semi-enjoyable -LRB- for the tickling effect -RRB- . . If you 're hairs are going astray and if you 're having a bit more of a difficult time breathing than normal , try this product out . . You will NOT be dissatisfied . .
 Our quest is over ! We have found the most efficient , effective nose and ear hair trimmer on the market . Believe me , we have tried many different makes and models , but this is the very best ! The Panasonic Nose and Ear Hair Groomer # ER411 more than exceeded our expectations ! The ergonomic , curved , hypo-allergenic stainless steel blade easily cuts nose and ear hair growth in seconds without pulling or pinching because of a safety cone that protects the skin . ! It 's comfortable to use and very easy to clean . You can use it either wet or dry , it 's fully immersible , takes one `` AA '' battery and has a high tech look . Thanks Panasonic , you have a winner here !
 This gadget is great , it cuts close and does the job efficiently and quietly with no cuts or pain . Do not try it for purposes other than grooming nose or ear hair . Ugh ! And if someone gives this to you as a gift in front of a crowd of people , this person is not your friend , but even so , look in that mirror and if you need it , use it , do us all a favor and yourself most of all . This gadget does a much better job than scissors or other little shavers . This is state of the art . I am not a sasquatch so a battery lasts months for me.Update January 2006 - I am seeing a basic conflict in reviews posted after mine . Perhaps Panasonic has made its product cheaper . I have n't had any trouble at all with my unit . It works first time , every time , and I have only changed the AA battery Once since I have owned the machine . It does not hurt when the hairs are cut . It cuts the hair down , it does not pull it out . There may be a spate of defective products out there . I would suggest buying it at a place where there is a warranty in force . How about Sears where everything is guaranteed or your money refunded ?
 This worked great for the first few months that I had it . Then I made the mistake of tapping the removable head on the counter top . I was amazed at all the hair that had accumulated so I kept at it . I think that I knocked the blades out of alignment because it now constantly makes the same sound that it does when cutting hair . It 's also become much more likely to nick me . I 'm ordering another because of the excellent results I had before I messed it up . This time I 'll simply run the blades under the water every couple of weeks instead.Update . . The second one screwed up too but i 'm still going to keep buying these as they work so well . If I could change the rating to 4 stars I would .
 I just purchased this product and felt compelled to write about it . Unlike some of the other reviewers , I found it to be very well made . Yes , if you drop it , it will probably break ... but what wo n't ? Even though it is made of plastic , it appears to be very durable plastic . Some reviewers made it seem as if you look at this product wrong , it will crumble right before your eyes . Not so . Also , while I did notice that it pulled out a few hairs here and there , causing some slight discomfort , overall it worked MUCH better than I expected . The slight discomfort felt by a pulled out hair or two is well worth it . The end result is absolutely amazing . I have never used a device made especially for nose and ear hair removal , I have always used scissors or tweezers , which cause immense pain and can be dangerous . I would recommend this product 100 % over other methods . The one drawback is how loud it is . It 's a little too loud when putting it in your ear . I would like to see Panasonic maybe insulate it a little better . I would be willing to pay extra for that feature . But overall , I give it five stars and would highly recommend it to anyone who wants CLEAN AND NEAT nostrils and ears ! A terrific product !
 I have owned mine for about a year . Still works great . I just bought one for my Dad -LRB- on my Mom 's request ... -RRB- Does the job simply and easily . The single battery lasts quite a while .
 I am the kind of guy who researches a lot before buying anything , and since I needed a trimmer for the first time , started reading up some reviews . This one had the absolute best reviews , and the price was great too ! Bought this after reading up reviews for a week -LRB- Dont want to bloody up my nose after all ! -RRB- and its a really good product . Cuts the hair close , doesnt cut anything else :d . . The nose feels raw after using this , which I guess means its doing a good job of cutting the hair . You need to clean up your nose after a trim -LRB- the cut hair tends to stick inside -RRB- but thats a minor irritant . Does its job well , and for the price , its a great product ! Looks like I need to get a Panasonic Shaver too now .
 I bought this for my husband , and his first statement was that he did n't know why anyone would say it hurts . Now , I have n't used it myself -LRB- and probably wo n't since it 's been in his nose ... -RRB- , but he did say as long as you 're not jamming it up your nose , he ca n't see how it would hurt.With that said , this product did its job and did it well . He 's pleased , and with that , I 'd say it 's a recommended item .
 this trimmer IS the best nose hair trimmer I have used by far . Be warned however - if you 've never used a good one it will take getting used to . It is occasionally painful - not REALLY bad at all but you will notice it for sure if it grabs a hair the wrong way . I was very surprised to not see others talk about this in their reviews.Alas , mine was dropped on CARPET and died on me . Take VERY good care of it as it is obviously fragile and the length of life is questionable even if you do take care of it . I am purchasing another as it is so good , but Panny would do well to make it cut a little easier and absorb the inevitable drop .
 This groomer has been great . It has n't nicked me or pulled at my hairs . It dos n't vibrate and create an uncomfortable feeling inside you nose . And it dos n't just trim you hair , it will compleatly clean out all the nostral hairs in you outer cavity . I can now breath clearer and my nose dos n't itch .
 This small shaver works really great for no stress grooming of both nose and ear hairs . It makes a good clean cut without any irritation and without pulling hairs out . Other shavers I 've used yank some of the hairs out and bring tears to my eyes because they are more like pluckers than like shavers . This one is pain free and washes up easily in the sink because it 's fully immersible . Highly reccomended !
 I have tried a number of others over the years and this is the only one that works really well . Safe and effective , yes it tickles , but it works great . Sure , it will probably break if you drop it enough , but it really is well made . I am ordering another due to blades getting dull after 3 years use . Probably others as good but I do n't think you will find better and I know from experience you can do worse .
 I have never owned one of these but this little device works great , I can wash it in water and it still functions on the original battery after several months .
 Like most of the other reviewers , I 'm very happy with mine too . I just wanted to add that it is almost impossible to screw up with this model . The blade is well positioned and protected enough that , excuse my French , you pretty much can just stick it in your ear or nose , twirl a bit , and presto ! The only exception to this IMHO is cutting nose hairs so short that my nose feels ` raw ' for a bit ... so just do n't ... stick ... it ... in ... so ... far . : - -RRB-
 What can you say about a nose hair trimmer ? ... well for starters this one actually works . It 's case is comfortable to hold and it effortlessly and admirably performs the task it was designed for . It trims nose hair painlessly . It is quiet and effective . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 A GREAT LITTLE RAZOR ! Comfortable to hold , easy to use , quiet and does a great job trimming those hairs you just do n't want people to see . Painless , bloodless , and quick . Twice the price of the comparable Remington but worth the difference . A real keeper , too bad they did n't come out with this razor a lot sooner .
 This trimmer works great !! It is a little painfull though . I have tried several nose trimmers and this one is by far the most effective . Plus the price is extremely reasonable . Buy this today and breathe freely !!!
 What can I say , it 's the best nose hair trimmer in the market !!! I highly recommend this panasonic ear and hair groomer . Get one and enjoy the experience of no-hassle and quick way to groom your nose .
 I knew about these devices years ago but they sounded , well ... ouch ! But I got one and it does not cut me up or anything , just some hair pulls that do n't hurt much . I think I could have done better on some dates if I used this long ago ! But do n't tell my wife I said so ! : -RRB-
 Okay , when the hair on his ears was longer than on his head , I knew it was time to do something ... and THIS IS IT ... . WORKS GREAT AND HE LOVES IT !!
 it seems to work but the blade is plastic and steel combination -LRB- i.e. not 100 steel blade -RRB- . it does some pulling but works okay . I was hoping to find a groomer that does n't pull nose hair at all ...
 I thought the reviews I read here were a little over the top , I mean this is just a nose/ear hair trimmer . But after using this item I am in COMPLETE agreement with the other reviewers , this is THE best trimmer I have ever used . This trimmer does a quick and complete job . I would say if you need a trimmer this will be the last one you will ever want , there will be no need to try another .
 After reading all the reviews , I was a little worried about this product , but it works very well . smooth and quick clipping with no pulling or pain whatsoever .
 I 've finally found a way to manage this embarrassing problem . For quite some time I used scissors on my nose and dealt with the occasional knick , not to mention it 's just a time-consuming process . Now I 'm able to take care of my `` problem '' quickly and safely . To be honest , it 's not the most comfortable experience I 've ever had . There is a slight tugging sensation and it does kind of tickle . Afterward my eyes always water a little . But really it 's a small price to pay to get the job done so quickly and easily.I 'd read another review from someone who suggested wetting the blades before trimming to make things more comfortable , and this does help a bit . For as well as the trimmer works , at this price you really ca n't go wrong .
 Works exactly as expected . I 've had mine for about 6 months now . Good job on this product Panasonic !
 We must have extremely sensitive schnozzes in Ohio !! The product does seem to work just fine - but the TICKLING !! AH-CHOO !! Maybe its just something we have to get used to ?? Would highly recommend , however !
 If you 're a male and over 35 , its probably time to buy one of these.I 've used mine for about three weeks and it works great . It 's quiet , it does what it says , and it seems like a good value .
 I 've used this Panasonic ER411NC Nose and Ear Hair Groomer for over a year and am quite happy with it . Most of the other similar products on the market start pulling the hair after a short time . The Panasonic ER411NC Nose and Ear Hair Groomer has continued to perform comfortably . I 'm pleased with this purchase!John Row
 Let 's face it , when you get older , you get hairier . Are you sick of seeing dad with bushes growing out of his ears and nose ? You bet you are . Sure , he will grimace when he opens it up , but he 'll be on his way from crusty-gross nose to Queer-Eye Approved nasty-hair-free guy in seconds.It 's quite easy to use , and it does its job . Feels a little bit weird the first few times , and remember you have to wipe down afterwards -LRB- otherwise little hair dust will be coming out all day ! -RRB- . Takes one AA battery , which lasts for a month or so or regular use , unless , of course , you grow hair at truly prodigious rates .
 I have been in the market for this item for months . I read every review on every personal trimmer Amazon was offering and chose to purchase this item because of all the good reviews it received . I received my trimmer yesterday and am very please to say that it is an excellent product . It trims neatly and painlessly and is very easy to use . The noise level is minimal and comes apart easily for cleaning . And you ca n't beat the price !
 You know how it is when you 're working on a project and some tiny task turns into a huge chore because you do n't have the right tool?Trimming nose and ear hair is like that . And this little gizmo is the right tool.Order it with confidence , it works great .
 You know you are getting old when you get excited about how well a Nose and Ear hair trimmer works ... but nonetheless ... this one works great . Does the job .
 Got this as a gift and have been very happy with it . It actually does exactly what it is supposed to do , and very well.The AA battery supplied works for an hour or so . It may be better to use a rechargeable AA battery . The trimmer is well made , but is made of plastic ; so , if you drop it ... probably broken . I 've had mine for 6 months and it is a joy to use . I also enjoy hearing the thing cut those ear and nose hairs ; sort of like the sound of a electric bug zapper.I would highly recommend this trimmer .
 A GREAT LITTLE RAZOR ! Comfortable to hold , easy to use , quiet and does a great job trimming those hairs you just do n't want people to see . Painless , bloodless , and quick . Twice the price of the comparable Remington but worth the difference . A real keeper , too bad they did n't come out with this razor a lot sooner .
 I did n't have any experience with other groomers and relied on reviews from other people at this site . I selected the Panasonic ER411NC because of those reviews . I 'm very happy with the product ... no complaints .
 This product exceeded my expectations . The design and build quality both seem first rate . Battery life is good , and cleaning the trimmer head or replacing the battery are both a snap .
 This product works very well . I have had another and it pulled the hair . This one does not .
 EASY , COMFORTABLE AND VERY EFFICIENT TO USE AS WELL AS IT IS EASY TO CLEAN . GOOD VALUE FOR THE PRICE .
 Great product , works better than advertised . In fact , I liked the first one so much , I purchased a 2nd groomer to put in my travel bag . Great performance for the price . Buying from Amazon was very easy also .
 This is really great trimmer for such money , highly recomended for everyone who uses frequently trimmers . I have tried first other brands , much expensief but this is really much better and cost much less . about $ 15 plus free shipping . Only one thing is where you have to be carrefully . Do n't let it fall down with metal side , otherwise should buy new one . -LRB- own experience . -RRB-
 I would recommend this handy little tool to anyone who has troublesome nose hairs . It is quick and easy to use and does a great job trimming those unwanted hairs . Unlike scissors , there is no risk of cutting or poking the tender lining of your nose while trimming .
 I bought this at an electronics store an year ago and can vouch for its usefulness . It would be sufficient to say that other companies are copying the design -LRB- store brands like Remington , etc -RRB- I used a have a combo total hair care from Remington and its trimmer would give me `` RED EARS '' and `` a sore inside the nose '' everytime I used it.Cleaning this unit is a breeze . I dismantled the head and there was nothing much that need to be cleaned . Just keeping it under running water everytime it is used.The AA baterry life is are not so bad either .
 I like this unit because I can use it in the shower , with my shower mirror . I once bought the Panasonic Dry trimmer by accident , and did not like it near as much .
 works great , can use it blind folded if you really wanted to not having to worry about exposed blades . doesnt really hurt at all just have to get used to the vibration . all the cut hairs fall inside to a storage area making clean up easy .
 I 've never used any nose/ear hair trimming products before -LRB- other than cuticle scissors and yanking -RRB- but I 'd been looking for something and this unit got good reviews.I just received it 2 days ago but am VERY impressed with it . I obviously do n't have much to compare with but this unit did everything I 'd hoped it would -LRB- and could reasonably expect from it -RRB- . You do still end up with very short stubble in your nose but this is certainly within the realm of what I expected . The unit is not very loud so I experienced no discomfort around my ear.Inexpensive , well designed , effective ... what more could you want ? Thumbs up !
 and I love it . It is still sharp and does not pull your hair . I 've also only had to change the battery once . Great product and great value .
 If you notice hairs sticking out of your ears or nose it is very frustrating to go after them with tweezers.No worries this is a wonderful appliance to trim those unsightly hairs away . A must for everyone who shares this problem.And do n't worry it has a `` protective safety cone '' that protects the skin and keeps you from pinching the heck out of yourself . So you can feel free to go after those hairs with out worries . It uses one AA battery -LRB- not included -RRB- .
 I do n't know how I made it so many years without a nose hair trimmer . I have nose nair in the classic levantine tradition and over the years I had to make do with scissors and tweezers to groom myself . Then one day my wife was watching `` Queer Eye for the Straight Guy '' and they featured a nose hair trimmer that looked a lot like this Panasonic . I 'd been skeptical about the practicality of electric nose hair trimmers , but I figured if the Fab Five recommended it , then maybe I should try it . I 've had it over a year now and I 've only had to change the battery once . The only negative I can see is that it does n't look especially robust , so I imagine it will die someday , but at $ 15 who cares ? When that happens I 'll buy a new one just like the old one .
 I am very pleased with the construction quality of this unit . It runs surprisingly quiet .
 Nicely designed , and very functional . Very happy with this purchase .
 This trimmer is powerful , quiet and versatile . Cuts pain-free grooming time down to nothing . A cinch to use and clean . As with most Panasonic items , a terrific product at a very fair price .
 I bought this for my husband and he abslutely loves it . He says it 's very easy to use and it does n't pinch or rip out the hairs like other products he has tried .
 Uh . . yeah . This groomer is fantastic . Quiet , comfortable , and very easy to use .
 First one -LRB- different model -RRB- was very plasticy and cheap . This model is much better !!!!!
 It is a decent ear and nose trimmer . I would like to point out that it is plastic , not metal body . Also it would be nice if it could collect the cut hair so that a noseful of hair does n't have to be rinsed out after cutting .
 This one really works . Has sharp blades and does n't pull out hairs . Does your ears wonderfully and does n't get hot . Have been using it since Christmas morning and love it . Will buy another when this one wears out .
 We first tried the ER4211C , the one with the light . It was designed so as to not cut the hairs too short , and we found it did not cut well at all . The light was also pretty useless.Then we got this one . Excellent product . Good cutting , easy to hold , just overall excellent !
 I went through about a half dozen different nose/ear hair trimmers before finding this one . This one by far superceeds all the others -LRB- some of which were way more costly -RRB- . It does a terrific job of trimming hair and keeping the blades away from your skin . It also does n't get `` clogged '' like some of the other trimmers I 've tried . Good product !
 This is a pretty good nose hair clipper ... It gets the job done , but like other people have said . . there is a little pulling and may feel awkward once in awhile when it does that . . That 's why I 'm not giving it a 5 star , but a 3.5 to 4 star cause of that . . BUT it does do the job .
 If your looking at the reviews for this product then you or someone you know needs this product!It tickles a little but does a fantastic job -LRB- I can put up with that -RRB- . As a female who wants to look nice , I do n't want stray nose hairs taking someones attention away from the topic at hand . I also would n't want to be known for my nose hairs in someones conversation about me , so `` off with the little beasties ! ''
 I got so tired of getting nicked and cut with my old one -LRB- and it still did n't do the job effectively -RRB- that I thought I would try this one . What a gem !!! Simple to use and works great . Gets rid of that unsightly noae and ear hair in a few minutes with no nicks , cuts , scrapes ! Would recommend this to everyone .
 Finally , a personal groomer that works . I have bought -LRB- and subsequently returned -RRB- 5 personal groomers ; this is the only one which performed as advertised . Thanks Panasonic ! My wife and my nose thank you !
 What a terrific little product ! The ER411NC is a compact little groomer that does what you want it to do quickly and painlessly . The blades are sharp , but never bind or hurt . The cap fits snugly and includes air holes on top -LRB- the unit is immersible , so this allows it to dry -RRB- . The cap also keeps the switch from accidentally turning on and running the battery down if it gets bounced around in your luggage or a drawer . As I get older , hair seems to pop out everywhere -LRB- except the top of my head ;--RRB- , and this little tool keeps it trimmed better than any shaver can . I 'm not prone to giving out 5 stars , but I truly consider this Panasonic to be perfect in every way !
 The ER411 is very good at nose/ear trimming ... the best I have used ... Highly recommended but ... Today I have to replace my two year old unit because the little plastic rim that holds the trimmer head snapped off ! I will be VERY GENTLE with the new one as Panasonic apparently uses el cheapo plastic in their product -LRB- or whoever makes it under their brand name -RRB- .
 it works as expected . does a fine job . it does n't hurt at all and you can hear when it 's cutting . single AA battery
 This groomer performs way better than others I have had in the past . I am very pleased with it .
 i use this for my nose hair . its great . it takes 1 AA battery . just stick it one of your nostrils and go to town . u can press it up against your nose , but dont push it too hard . youll feel a little tickle . doesnt hurt at all . its just doing its job . its great ! i love it ! wont take more than a minute or 2 . but now i can breathe smooth and freely ! sweet .
 Does what is supposed to do . . Easy to clean . . Durable . . I 've dropped it on the floor several times . . I think i 've only had to replace the battery 3 times ...
 I 've had this trimmer for 2 years now , and what a trouper it 's been ! I 'm one of those evolutionary challenged individuals whom nature forgot when it slowly eliminated fur from the great apes . I was seriously beginning to consider braiding the unsightly nose hair while claiming to ` express ' my individuality.As luck would have it , my wife got this for my birthday after several bouts of sneezing during our intimate moments . I have not looked back since . Despite the fact that my sink clogs up with massive amounts of hair this trimmer mows them down and keeps going . Kudos to Panasonic for designing an essential product for every red blooded man 's toilet kit !
 I had a Panasonic ear/nose trimmer for about 15 years when it finally quit . I replaced it with one from The Sharper Image and had to return it because it pulled the hair instead of cutting it and was very painful . I was leery of getting this Panasonic one because of other reviews saying that this was doing the same thing -LRB- pulling the hair -RRB- . Well I 've used it now for a couple of months and it 's the best one I have ever had ; smooth , quick , quiet , and most important `` No Hurtful Pulling of Hairs '' !!! I 'm buying another for a spare .
 I was worried that this would n't work as well as the reviews said it would . But it does ! Say goodbye to the tweezers . If all panasonic grroming products work this well , I may just have to give up my razor as well !
 This unit will clean up all your nose and ear hair problems . It will bring tears to your eyes , but the result lasts longer then sissors . In fact I am due for another trim . Worked better I thought it would .
 I have had this trimmer now for over 5 years and it have worked perfectly . The head is easily removable for cleaning which makes a big difference in the trimmers effectivity . For the price I would highly recommend this trimmer .
 This is my second 411 trimmer purchased . The first was at Target about 3 years ago - I dropped it in the sink and it could not be repaired . I tried another brand and it was worthless ! It was hard to find this trimmer anywhere and Amazon had the only reputable source . It was sent in ` shrinkwrap ' only with the printed instructions . It seemed odd it was not in original packageing but has every appearance of being new and , in fact , runs even better than the last one that seemed to go through batteries much faster ... It arrived about a week later than promised , but I still could use the other unit -LRB- somewhat -RRB- - Otherwise I would have had to pay for the express shipping
 I had paid quite a lot of money a number of years back for a Sharper Image nose hair trimmer . It worked very well for all these years . A replacement was required and one for that particular trimmer was not available . So I did my research and figured the panasonic 411NC should be a good one . Well it was n't good ... It was GREAT ! Trims very close , the way I like it , and is very easy to use and clean . This is , by far , the best trimmer I have ever owned !
 Great suppliment ... no stomach upset or gross fish burps . I will continue taking Now Omega 3-6-9 . Also , it is a good value on Amazon .
 Chose this product for my daughter in college who is very concerned with her health . This is a good product for anyone .
 it 's ok ... i did not feel any difference but these are essential oils our body needs so 4 star for that .
 este es un producto excelente tiene todo los complementos necesarios para el dia a dia de una persona , saludable y bastante duradero por contener 250 capsulas
 This was a very good product and i consider it was on a very good price.My aunt loves it .
 I bought this item for my father in low , so i did n't use it personally , but so far he seems to be happy with it . . :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 Since I do not know what goes on one I have swallowed , I have had no problems with this capsule . There is no aftertaste .
 Try Now Foods products ! You will not be disappointed!It is the only brand I use ! Really -- try it ! : o -RRB-
 I purchased this product because I felt it was a good value for the quantity .
 It may sound ridiculous , but this is the fat that you NEED . I swim 1.5 Km daily , minimum , and this supplement -LRB- along with a multivitamin so that the E and D can mobilize what the Omega 3-6-9 has to offer -RRB- is just what the doctor ordered . Highly suggested . Also , for someone who does n't eat too much fish and usually sticks to meat , this gives you the fat , like I said , that you NEED -LRB- and wo n't be getting from a diet void of fish -RRB- .
 After a particularly bad allergy season , our vet recommended that we get an Omega 3-6-9 blend for our dog . I looked at pet stores and all the products we found there were insanely expensive . I love my pup , but I was not about to spend $ 40 for 100 dog omegas ! We got these supplements and within a month , our dogs skin and coat looked amazing ! I was a little worried about Omega-breath compounded with dog-breath , but there has only been one instance of a dog-burp that smelled like fish . And getting him to eat them has been a breeze ! We just wrap it in a little cheese and he eats it right up !
 This is a good product . However , it does not contain any fish oil . Keep in mind that the current research indicates that DHA and EPA -LRB- found in fish oil -RRB- are responsible for supporting heart health . I personally take this product in conjunction with NOW 's Ultra Omega 3Now Foods Ultra Omega 3 , Fish Oil Soft-gels , 180-Countto get the best of both worlds .
 I was happy to find a 3-6-9 Omega that I could take . I have had no issues . I take this with Folic Acid and B-12 every morning and have no issues other than needing to eat something or drink coffee after taking it . If I do n't , it will make my stomach hurt or make me nauseous . Other than that , no issues .
 I 've started taking Omega 3-6-9 oils by the advise of my doctor . Using it to help promote a healthy balance in my system . Putting oils back into my system that have been taken out due to age and environment . Now is a company and product that I 've always had the highest confidence in .
 the overall combination of number of capsules , the very reasonable cost and recognized quality of the &#34; Now &#34; product line gets a top rating . My doctor said it was a good idea .
 I 've been taking this for about a year . No tummy upset as long as I eat a couple bites of something before I take it . I hate fish and all seafood in general - these have no fish oil so they are great for me personally . I 'm not sure if these omega 's are the reason , but since I 've been taking them , my HDL and LDL numbers have both improved .
 This a great quality product on must have and take list !!! I will be purchasing it again soon !!! Thank You !!!
 if i had to choose just one supplement to take it would be this one ... . my skin has never looked better ... the best ingredients and a trustworthy brand
 good and cheap ! I like that you have the 3 's 6 's and 9 's in one pill -LRB- or two actually -RRB- rather than three diffrent bottles . .
 The picture does not actually match the what the goniometer will look like as the picture is of a 12 '' goniometer . The 8 '' goniometer works exactly as expected . The plastic is a little thin but that also match the price of the product -LRB- Get what you pay for -RRB- . I like it though because it is less cumbersome when measuring ROM in the hands , wrist , and ankles .
 The translucent plastic makes it easy to measure your angles and the flexiblity of the product also allows you ease for use . Great product , seller shipped quickly . Would recommend .
 At almost 50 years old , I had never grown a beard until now . Approaching two months of full beard -LRB- I do n't like goatees -RRB- , I needed to start trimming it . I researched reviews of beard trimmers on the Internet , and my first choice was Braun 's Exact Power models , but they seem to be available only from continental Europe . What gives?I might have got a Norelco but the wide range of ratings gave me pause . That left the Panasonic ER203K which I just used for the first time.It ran well , seemed well made , and so on , as others have said . Why less than 5 stars then ? Because it has no instructions on how to actually trim a beard with it ! Maybe I missed that session in Guy 's Class , but as a newbie I would definitely appreciate some tips . For instance , I started at the longest setting , ran it around my beard , then reduced it a number until it started cutting . Then I discovered it cut a * lot * more going against the grain , than with . Not surprising , but what 's the recommended method ? Should I always keep the flat part of the guard against my skin , or hold it at an angle ? Is it safe to use without the guard ? -LRB- I did use it like that a bit to trim the mustache but found my electric shaver trimmer was smaller and thus better -RRB- . Also it 's real hard to read their diagrams to see where the oil should go.Yeah , beard trimmers are n't real high tech and maybe do n't need any instructions . But it would n't have cost them much to provide some . Otherwise a fine product .
 I have owned a number of beard trimmers and maintained a variety of facial topiary . This is by far my favorite yet . I am picky about trimmers , too . In fact , I bought this trimmer only two weeks after buying and trying a different trimmer and being totally disappointed . I gave that one to my dad , and stepped up to the ER203K . How can I be excited about a trimmer ? One reason is enough -- this trimmer has the finest and most numerous adjustment settings of any trimmer I have ever found . With my previous trimmers , I was always stuck between settings -- I could never get those extremely dense areas of my beard short enough without accidentally leaving a whole in my beard . Not with this guy , though.Everything else -LRB- battery life ; cord ; construction ; ease of use -RRB- is very good about this trimmer , but the setting selection is what I really can rave about !
 First , the facts , because they 're hard to find and ought to influence your decision : -- There are a dozen settings from 2 mm -LRB- 1/12 '' -RRB- to 18 mm -LRB- 3/4 '' -RRB- . -- The battery should run the unit up to 40 minutes . -- A full charge takes 8 hours . -- The manufacturer estimates the battery will last about 400 uses . -- The cord is five feet long . -- You can remove and replace the knives . -- You CAN NOT replace the battery
 I was a little worried when I ordered this trimmer . The price is a bit steep compared to some of the others on the market . Although it is not a bargain , the quality of the trim makes it worth the money.This is a nice unit that will work with a cord or without . The adjustment setting is straight forward and easy to set . The plastic guard pulls off for cleaning of the blades . There is some maintenance required - oiling the blade and brushing out the trimmings - but its not onerous . Overall a pretty nice deal .
 Only trimmer better than this is the one it replaced . The old model was more powerful.Been using this model for a few years now . Outstanding is the only word I can use.Advantages : * rechargable batteries that last . * Can use power cord as well for low battery situations or for a little extra power for that extra extra thick beard . * Holds charge for a long time . * Long life -LRB- mine is many years old -RRB- * Depth guard stays in place firmly - no changing settings by accident -LRB- improvement over old model -RRB- * easy to clean and lubricate , blade pops off easily without tools * wider path than most other trimmers * depth guard can be quickly and easily removed for edging beard and be reset without changing setting * build in power converter -LRB- not tried -RRB- * solid design , firm clicks on dial . High quality plastic.Only slight negative is the power could be a tad better on battery . But still far more powerful than any other cordless trimmer I have tried.Best value . Not cheapest , but performance outweighs any price issue . Worth the price . If you have a beard and need/want a cordless trimmer , look no further .
 I 've always used the beard/sideburn trimmer on my Braun electric shaver , but I received the Panasonic beard and moustache trimmer as a Christmas gift . I have to say that it is much simpler to use for this specialized purpose.With an electric shaver , I always had to be careful about getting too close to a beard , or else I would create a nice bald spot for a few days . This meant trimming the beard after a morning coffee to be more awake ... The guard on the Panasonic makes this task much more of a no-brainer . I can set it to the optimal hair length , and just run it across my beard and moustache to get a nice even look . The rechargeable battery seems to last pretty long as well.On travel , I 'll probably stick with my electric shaver , as I do n't want to lug around two shaving appliances . That gets to the only real caveat about a product like this . A beard/moustache trimmer will never take the place of an electric shaver , but for its specialized purpose , the Panasonic works quite well .
 This is by far the finest trimmer I have ever seen or used.It is quiet , the option to use the cord is indespensible if you are in a hurry and it is not charged , there is also no wall-wort so it is great for travel . The adjustability is fantastic , 12 very precise settings , and the removal of the shield for fine trimming and cleaning is wonderful , just be careful trimming , those blades are truly sharp and stay sharp . It is more expensive than other trimmers on the market , but this is well worth it . Excellent quality . Do n't cut costs , cut your hair .
 I use this once a week and the battery is dead already . During use the battery -LRB- or motor -RRB- seemed to slow down sporadically . However , it always provided a quick trim , and dead on accurate . I have an inquiry into Panasonic about the battery . Hopefully I can have it replaced under warranty .
 I had it when my previous trimmer did n't have 1/2 '' settings and I would have to manually set the length in the middle of 1 '' and 2 '' . It would constantly slip and move and eventually , a chunk of my beard would be gone . I decided to try this trimmer out . I got it today and I have to say , it is the best trimmer I 've ever used . The blade is very high quality , the size of the trimming area is huge and the length locking system -LRB- with 1/2 '' settings -RRB- is key . There really is n't much more I can say except that if you 're serious about your beard , this is the trimmer for you .
 I 've always used Norelcos . . and my last two were great . My last Norelco broke , and I bought their new top-of-the-line . I use this both to trim my beard and head . . and it was uneven , cheaply made , required lots of effort , and would not operate without a charge -LRB- could n't plug it in when the battery died . -RRB- I replaced it with this panasonic which has : - really sharp , even-cutting -LRB- !! -RRB- blades-quiet -LRB- yes !! -RRB- - does n't have the norelco 's vacuum , but oh well . It did n't work well anyway -LRB- and probably caused most of it 's problems . -RRB- - works on multiple voltages . . yeah !!!! - has a screw to open it up and change the nicad battery when it eventually wo n't charge anymore -LRB- the new norelco 's have NO access to the battery . . basically like a disposable . -RRB- - comes with blade oil , you can tell they take their blades seriously.Get it before they outsource their production to some third world country . . hehe -LRB- the supposedly made in austria norelco is 100 % made in ***** inside ... no offense to ***** ... but you know . . -RRB-
 I had bad breath and I was suspecting my sinuses so I even had a sinus surgery and the bad breath did not go away . Finally I found and used this product and it was an instant difference . I highly recommend this product for the bad breath .
 At first I was skeptical , but when I used it for the first time , I already got great results . It really takes only a few minutes to follow the steps and the taste was not a bad as I imaged . There was only a sight Clorox taste . To my amazement , I now have fresh breath all day . Even morning bad breath completely disappeared . Profresh lived up to all its claims and I am completely satisfied . This is the best product I ever bought . I wish I would have known about Profresh earlier . Thank you ProFresh for changing my life !
 This stuff really works . Tastes like Clorox . Kills every germ in your mouth for DAYS !! Let 's hope it has no negative side effects .
 This product is amazing ! it really works ! smells like bleach and taste stronger than pool water . But its manageable and does n't leave your breath smelling like bleach either . morning breath disappears pretty good . you really have to have time to do it because it does take 3-5 minutes to do the whole process each morning and night . i reccommend it completely !
 I have been using this product thirteen year by now , for my five year old daughter that had incredible bad breath and this product really works . The taste of bleach is so mild it you almost do n't even notice . But the outcome is phenomenal . My entire family uses this mouth wash that I can go an entire week and still wont have bad breath . In fact I can smell most people breath and I wish I could tell them about ProFresh . Also you can a better relationship with your spouse , family and friends cause you will so much confidence when you are close to them . i personally it offensive when other have bad breath .
 I would n't go a day without it . does exactly as described , I got used to the taste after a couple days , the first time I used it I almost gagged , now it just tastes like water . I just sure hope the effect will last with continued use .
 Actually works quiet well . I smoke and I see a big difference in my breath . It does n't taste as bad as other reviews say either . It has a chemically taste but you get used to it quickly .
 actually it works it can last you 6-7 hours after use.don ' t worry about how they say it tastes like bleach or Clorox the moment you gargle it , the taste goes away.so try it , it works !!
 I 've had problems for a while with bad breath , and I decided to try it out . It smells like bleach but not too bad . It works within 4 days . It does not taste like anything to me . Love it and recommend 100 % .
 Finally , after all these years !! This stuff works and works ! . Even In the morning I hardly have a bad taste in my mouth !! Incredible!@!@!@
 So far I like it . I have used it for about 4 weeks but hard to say yet if it has made a difference . I noticed a difference in my gums in that they seem to be healthier . Some reviews I read before purchasing the product said the taste was strong . That is just not true . It tastes pretty much like water and is very easy to work into the brushing routine . Who does n't have exactly 1 minute in the morning and night for a cleaner mouth ?
 This stuff really works . Does exactly as described.I will continue to purchase this product because to me this product changed my life .
 I have used Pro Fresh for 3 years and find it to work great.Other than the higher cost , the results are well worth using this product . MG
 I 've struggled with Halitosis for most of my adult life and everything from toothpaste to mouthwash to tongue brushes helped temporarily . After a month and a half of Pro Fresh , I can honestly say that I 'm amazed at how well this product works . One of the cons you 'll read about this product is the taste . Sure , it has a slight chemical taste , but if you ca n't ~ 1 take a minute of swishing this wonder-potion in your mouth because of the taste , then your problem is probably not that serious . For me , the embarrassment that Pro Fresh saves me from is well worth minute or two of that peculiar taste in my mouth . I 've tested my breath on my wife and she was still conscious on both occasions , so she can attest to the effectiveness of this product . All-in-all , I will continue to purchase this product because to me , it is worth it .
 This is a great shaver for use in the shower . With a light coat of shaving cream , I get the equivalent of a shave with a blade . I have a tough beard and sensitive skin so shaving has never been one of my favorite pastimes . The Panasonic ES7017S now makes this ritual tolerable and even pleasureable . My only complaint is that the off/on switch is awkward , and , with wet hands , nearly impossible .
 That is wonderful not having to care about wetness around , when you shave . Or to do it in the bathtub . And how practical to wash with water your shaver ... I own one , for the second time one after the other and I will buy again one
 My old 2 blade Panasonic Shaver was not giving me the close shave it used to so I started shopping for a new one . For the price , I thought this was a good deal and decided to go for it . It cuts through my beard like swiss cheese and afterword my face feels as smooth as a baby 's bottom . The charge lasts a long time and the charge indicator is helpful in letting you know when its getting low . Clean up is easy using lotion soap . This method has kept the shaver from smelling funky like my old one . One complaint is the on button being hard to use when wet because of several factors such as it not being raised enough to get a good purchase on and the amount of force needed to move it . Also , a chunk of the foil came off while using it . But , I think this is because I had dropped it a couple of times and dented it . The foil is NOT covered under the warranty and costs about $ 25 so be careful .
 I was looking for a shaver that had as many of the features as possible for under $ 50 for Father 's day . My wife had already purchased a Norelco for me , when this shaver popped up in my Gold Box ... You have to get used to it , especially if you shave with a razor like I did , but I 'm really liking it . It 's wet/dry , easy to clean , 1 hr charge in the base , quiet . Oh , and I took the Norelco back . I would recommend this shaver .
 This is my first electric razor and I now keep a good close shave . Up till now I 've just bic 'd it off without trying to get it close . I can not compare it to any other electric razors , but it is especially good for me around the mouth and chin . It is actually smooth around there , and I have never experienced that before , and if I were in a position to kiss a girl I could do it with a free conscience . It is not so good on the neck which I 've heard is a drawback of these foil style razors . I now shave every day .
 I shave very rarely -LRB- once every 3 to 4 weeks -RRB- . Consequently , my shavers have to mow through a jungle at that time . I have previously used Norelco and Braun electric shavers with mixed results at best . This Panasonic handles the thickest of my beards . Granted it takes a while to get through the growth , but I truly appreciate the `` Linear Motor '' feature , which ensures that the razor does not slow down in direct relationship to the thickness of the beard . The speed is fast and it remains constant ! As long as there is power left , which is conveniently displayed with LED lights , the shaver works its way through and I get a very close shave . Guess if I shaved more often , I would appreciate this product even more ! Never tried `` wet shaving '' , but clean-up is a snap ... pour a little hand soap on the foil , turn it on and rinse under tap water . I would highly recommend this product .
 The Panasonic ES8036 is a very satisfying shaver , and provides a clean , silky shave for the pickiest of people . It works much better out of water , but there is minimal difference , for me it 's about a couple hours ' worth of growth.It 's also good on sharp , angular faces and adjusts well . The linear motor is a noticable advantage that saves valuable time.I highly reccomend this fine work of machinery , and it also comes with a convenient travel pouch !
 I feel a little ridiculous writing a review about a shaver ; even so , this is the best electronic appliance I 've bought in YEARS . I compare this shaver to my first Microwave oven and my first color TV set.Like a lot of guys , I figured my choice was -LRB- 1 -RRB- put up with blood spewing from nicks and cuts , esp . around my chin and nose ; or -LRB- 2 -RRB- razor burns from electric shavers that would leave broad patches of beard unshaven.This razor rocks ! I use it wet , with either soap or what 's left of my canned shave cream . I use it daily , and use it like a grid -LRB- across and then up and down , or visa versa -- it ' morning and I do n't give a damn -RRB- . From day 1 I got a decent shave , and only once -LRB- day 3 -RRB- I got carried away and drew a few pricks of blood . It never happened again.I love this product . I hated shaving , but hated the itchiness of a beard even more -LRB- not to mention the comparisons of me to Jesus Christ , which is even more disturbing to a secular humanist like myself -RRB- . This shaver does the job , is n't noisy , wo n't burn your skin and no longer does the water run red.Next , I want a 1/2 inch deep color monitor , 40 x 60 feet , without any loss of color or depth perception .
 This shaver is excellent dry , ie
 After my last Panasonic died after a recent trip to China where I am quite sure a voltage surge took it out , I purchased another one - the ES8036N . The price was the best on the internet and included a free water pik and free shipping . I highly recommend the Panasonics due to their great ability to use foam . I would like to see them bring back the original model I purchased with the titanium blade screen instead of the stainless steel , and it does appear they use far more plastics in these models since my original mostly aluminum/magnesium model , but still overall , best razor I know of .
 I 've had one of these for almost a year now . I think that it is great . I cuts about as close as a blade without the hassle and time . Also no nicks , scrapes or cuts . It 's not real fast , but it sure is faster than getting out the razor and going through that routine . I just use it dry and dump out the clippings every few days . I wash it when it needs recharging -LRB- every 2 or 3 weeks -RRB- . It seem to cut a little closer if you use shaving gel , but it is not worth the hassle for me . My sons have used it when they are home . They like it , but one says that it does n't work well if you have not shaved for 2 or 3 days.I think it 's as good as they get . Give it a try !
 Amazing ! I have purchased a Panasonic ES8026 -LRB- the best panas . in our country - I think it 's the same , maybe the battery is another ... -RRB- only yesterday and this morning I tried shaving with with a shaving gel - I never had so close shave even with my Mach 3 razor -LRB- which also left lots of bumps and cuts on my face -RRB- . I had shaved with a small travel shaver before , and the difference is great . I have very sensitive skin and shaving was always a nightmare for me . But this shaver changed everything ! It glides over my face very easily and leaves almost no irritation . Beautiful !
 Absolutley the best electric shaver out there . This little gem shaves as close as a blade , in half the time . This unit holds a charge well and recharges quickly . Cleaning is a snap , just rinse with water and your done , no tiny brush to contend with . Combine this with the free oral irrigator offer and it 's a ca n't miss purchase . Highly recommended .
 I know that Panasonic made good shavers because I have owned a panasonic wet/dry shaver for 7 years . I was suspicious about this shaver after reading some review about noise problem but I tried anyway . This shaver works good and did n't make much noise . The biggest benefit of this shaver is cleaning . Just put it in running water.I recommend this shaver to anyone .
 This inexpensive charger and AA batteries has been great . Battery life is very good before they need charging . Had a 15 minute charger prior to this , but I can not find any batteries for that particular charger .
 Definitely worth purchasing.A very good feature is that it can also be plugged into your car 's charger to recharge batteries while you are traveling .
 Good product , batteries seem to last a long time . Have n't had an opportunity to use the car charger , but it 's a nice option .
 At first there was doubt being so inexpensive . You know the saying `` you get what you pay for '' but in this instinct , made out like a fat rat in a cheese factory ... Sometime thrifty works
 I bought this pack of battery charger and 4 rechargerable batteries . I 've had no problems with them at all . They do exactly what they are supposed to do and I very well pleased with my purchace.David B. Allen
 I purchased these to use in a digital camera . Great battery life , no problems thus far .
 I like this product.I bought the DigiPower DPS-3000 + back in early 2005 when my kids bought me a Canon A95 point and shoot camera . The A95 eats AA , 4 at a time . I have 7 sets of 4 each to feed the A95 and the mess of things I have that love my 20 + AA and a dozen or so of AAA rechargeables . The DPS-3000 worked the first time and every time I have asked it . I have had some batteries die during this time , but the DPS-3000 made finding the bad one easily by the behavior of the LEDs . The included DigiPower batteries were joined early on by three more sets of 4 and all have performed well . I also have several sets of higher rated Duracell 2650mAh batteries which work better in high demand photo flash units . Most of the AAA batteries are Duracell 1000 mAh rated units . There are other batteries with different ratings in my battery bags , and they all seem happy in this charger . -LSB- In case you do n't know , mAh is a rating of how much electricity can be stored in the battery when fully charged and available to power stuff . The bigger the number , the more power the battery can deliver . -RSB- This brings me to the answer of one of the big questions I had when I bought this DPS-3000
 DigiPower DPS-3000 + 3-Hour AA/AAA Rechargeable Battery Kit with 4 AA 2700 mAh Batteries and Car ChargerI have found this unit to be fast , reliable ; and easy to use . It takes up a minimal amount of space . It has made recharging a breeze .
 This item was delivered promptly and lived up to all of my expectations . Everything was exactly as advertized . I have n't had the occasion to use the car charger cord yet , so this review does not apply to the car charger cord portion of the kit .
 The charger comes with four 2500mAh `` Digipower '' NiMH AA batteries , an AC adapter -LRB- 120V AC input , 12V 500mA DC output -RRB- , and a car cigarette lighter cord to provide 12V . The charger has 2 LED 's , a red and a green , to indicating charging and ready . There 's also a switch to select 2 or 4 batteries.It can also apparently charge AAA batteries . The label on the back of the charger indicates output -LRB- charge -RRB- current for each combination
 This battery charger works quickly and does n't seem to use a lot of electricity . I also love the car charging feature , which allows me to charge while driving to take more pictures .
 I PURCHASE THIS ITEMS WHICH I RETURNED AS I FOUND OUT THAT I HAVE FEW TOOO MANY THAT DOES THE EXACT SAME THING SO I RETURNED IT BUT I 'M SURE IT 'S A GREAT PRODUCT IF YOU REALLY NEED IT ... I RECOMMEND IT ! ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE A TRAVELER AND CONSTANTLY TAKING PICS ! BUT AGAIN THE ITEM WAS RETURNED AND I DIDNT REALLY NEED THE EXTRA!I DIDNT GET A CHANCE TO USE IT !
 This device eliminates the headache of having to worry about buying batteries constantly when I 'm traveling . I travel quite abit on my motorcycle and can just plug it in to my aux . inlet .
 Product was shipped propmply . It is too soon to judge how well the batteries will take repeated charges ; otherwise , very good .
 The batteries did exactly what they were expected to do . That is a compliment in that , the batteries that came with the camera were dead within a very short time -LRB- non-rechargeables -RRB- These have a longer use time and then simply plug them in and use the other two in the four pack .
 I would recommend anyone who owns a digital camera to get this product . Instead of purchasing a limited supply of AA batteries , all you have to do is charge these . It has definitely been a worthwhile purchase .
 I bought this unit with a new camera in 11-06 and nine months later , it 's now dead . Since there 's no moving parts , it obviously is not well-made .
 The DPS-3000 Rechargeable battery kit is a good match for the Canon A640 camera .
 I like this item as it does charge the batteries quickly and can be carried in the car for a quick charge when traveling .
 The batteries hold their charge for a long time and the rapid charger works great . Definitely recommend . The car adapter will be perfect when traveling around too .
 This charger is very simple . You just put in the battery , select either 2 battery or 4 battery , it starts to work . You can tell whether the charging is completed by looking at the led light .
 It 's faster than my former charger . Works perfectly . I now have two of these kits . Best price anywhere .
 Our old recharger had to recharge overnight , but this works very quickly . The car adapter makes it very handy if you 're on the road .
 I had never been a big fan of rechargeable batterys , since they discharge so quickly after a full charge . I had also never been familiar with this type of rechargeable battery . Trust me , these are immensely superior to regular rechargeables and the price was fantastic when purchased with my Canon Powershot . Anyone who buys a camera and can get special savings on this battery pack is really missing the boat if they do n't take advantage of the offer . The batterys charge up faster and last so much longer . Definitely worth the cost .
 I use the DigiPower charger and DigiPower AA batteries to power my Nikon strobes , both primary and slave unitsDigiPower DPS-3000 + 3-Hour AA/AAA Rechargeable Battery Kit with 4 AA 2700 mAh Batteries and Car Charger . Slaves typically have to remain on constantly for long periods of time and the power drain on them is high . My DigiPower chargers and batteries perform without a hitch and bring everything back to full charge in short order , usually less than a hour .
 Very good product . I used in my canon sx20is camera . I took almost over 300 picture and 7min video . I still have 50 % battery life . Good about this charger is you can charge in your car as well .
 Glad we got this set of rechargeable batteries for our flip video camera . Always good to have an extra set around !
 Wit all the battery hungry cameras this item is a must have . A lot less expensive in the long run than buying alkaline batteries every time you turn around . Come with car charger also .
 Handy charger , and it is very fast . I 'm never without batteries ! And I may be dating myself as far as age , but this is the fastest charger I 've ever had . The fastest B4 now was one that used a charge straight from a car battery ...
 Well , 5 stars for not being broken out of the box , and for all four batteries lasting through 2 months and 4 charges . What more can you expect?Some inventer should figure out how not to need a heat-generating transformer brick for chargers and such . That would get 10 stars .
 This NiMh charger actually does charge four completely dead batteries in less than three hours . It gave an error when trying to charge some older Energizers that work fine in a slow charger . It charged Duracells , DigiPower , and Amazon pre-charged batteries with no errors . This is a good compromise over the 1Hr , 30Min , and 15Min chargers that tend to damage batteries in my experience . I also own a DigiPower 30Min charger that , while fast , can damage batteries with too much heat from the quick charging . I would buy this again as the DigiPower chargers and batteries have proven to be quite durable/reliable . Two of the included four-year old DigiPower batteries do still work in the 30Min charger . The other two still work in my slow charger .
 The best thing about this is the run time in my camera , based on the batteries having a 2700mAh charge . The price was very good , but you should get a second set of batteries for a back up set .
 Easy to use . Tends to take a while to charge but seems to hold charge well . Good value .
 Sorry , these comments are for the DPS 9000 ... Even though the manufacture info does not list my HP photosmart 425 , I took a chance . Works perfectly , and have not had to recharge once after 3 weeks . Only relatively small drawback is that with it attached , my camera will not fit properly into its case .
 Easy to use with it had a cover to keep the batteries in when traveling
 It 's been years since I 've bought rechargable batteries , but needed it for my digital camera . These are n't your fathers Nicads !! Technology really has advanced in rechargable batteries .
 I too shared many of the apparent problems with this charger/battery combo ! I was about to return both sets I purchased ; however , was able to resurrect the product and it works GREAT ! The batteries now work super in my digital camera , cordless mouse , cordless keyboard , and even flashlights.What I did :1 . I fully discharged the batteries in a flashlight - left it on overnight .2 . I fully charged the batteries in the charger overnight -LRB- ignore the steady green light indicating a full charge -RRB- .3 . I repeated steps 1 and 2 . The batteries now operate great . They hold a charge and operate items I only operated previously with DuraCell Alkalines . The green fully-charged indicator on the charging unit also appears to be operating correctly now.Other problems noted such as overheating and unit not staying plugged in have not been an issue for me . The unit is secure in a wall socket , the batteries are secure in the unit , and the operating temperature -LRB- even after 12 hrs -RRB- is just a little above room temp.I hope this review may save you some grief and a potential needless return of the product !
 I 've seen several poor reviews , saying the charge light comes on for 20 minutes and then goes off , without indicating a full-charge . This is true , if you 're using it in another country . Amazon 's description is somewhat misleading , as it says `` travel , '' but does n't specify that the travel must be in the US . You have to go to the manufacturers website , where they clearly inform the public this charger is only intended for use in the USA !!! If you use it as intended , it 's a great product , with very innovate features -LRB- car charger , etc. -RRB- .
 I got this for charging both AA and AAA batteries for my digital camera and Mp3 player . It has lived up to my expectations . The batteries charge relatively quickly and the lights inform me of when it is done . The only complaints I have are that the charger gets really hot while charging , which concerns me somewhat , and that the unit itself looks cheap . I also wish that the plug in had fold down progs like most portable devices have these days . That would be a big plus for travel .
 This Charger and batteries worked wonderful for my camera . The 3 hour was such a plus . Did n't have to wait overnight for the batteries to recharge . I recommend this product . I 've been using it for a long time . Keeps the cost down of buying batteries as well .
 I bought this in July 2011 and I have been using it ever since . I was really pleased with the performance and like the fact you can charge from the car also . Comes with rechargeable batteries too ! Ca n't beat the value for the price . In fact tonight I am ordering a second one because I have so many batteries to charge .
 great charger and batteries , fast charger and batteries hold a charge for a long time . . i use mine in my wii remotes ... cheap too i would recommend these .
 These were one of those items on the side of the page that caught my eye . The 4 AAs are 2700 milli-amp-hours -LRB- mah -RRB- which is the highest capacity I 've seen . Duracell NiMH in AA are 1800 mah , for comparison . The charger is quite nice as well , with a 2 or 4 battery selector switch , a wall charger , and a mobile adapter for your car . I 'd say either the batteries or the charger are both worth the price , so I bought 4 of them for my model helicopters .
 I give 5 star to this charger.It is fast.Does the job if you use it in the USA.However inspite of some misleading information about using overseas this came from Amazon with a wall plug adapter that can only be used in the USA.On the manufacturer 's web site a mention is made of DPS-3000e but no other details . The information sheet that came with the model I got mentions specification for AC adapter `` AC 120V/AC239V/AC220V , 50-60Hz '' . HOWEVER the adapter I got can only be used with 120V AC 60HZ . So I am disappointed because I had been led to beleive this item will work abroad . SO be warned if you are planning to use it abroad at AC 220V 50Hz better look for another unit .
 Batteries really do charge quickly and keep a charge for a long period of time . Originally purchased as `` emergency '' batteries for my camera , I found that the batteries lasted as long or longer than the non-rechargables I used , giving a lot of flexibility in my battery options .
 I use a lot of AA rechargeables and this unit works fine . Just remember to set the switch to 2 or 4 batteries . The car adapter will be great when camping .
 With the many products needing batteries this is a money saver.Batteries recharge in minutes.What a great deal !!
 I love these batteries.They last really long and have an average time of 3 hours which is more than enough for me . I would recommend this product to anyone who was thinking of buying it ...
 The battery charger works very well . It did n't take long to charge the first two batteries I used . Including another set of two AA batteries with the charger will make it very convenient when it 's time to replace the former set of 2 batteries . Great price for this product , too . Thanks !
 Wonderful ! Fast recharge and long term usage . I use it in my Cannon digital camera and the life of the batteries is twice as long as my old brand -LRB- energizer -RRB- . I also loved the auto adapter .
 This was my first purchase of rechargeable AA batteries and I am completely satisfied to date . I have n't used the camera long enough to find out how long the battery life lasts , but so far so good !
 I always need AA batteries and never have any . This is perfect . The Batteries last longer than the originals . They are perfect for when the TV remote runs out of battery or when the kids video game controlers do .
 I bought this product to charge camera batteries . It works well . The led is useful and the ability to charge AAA and AA batteries is great . It is sturdy and well-designed . I lost the power cord somewhere in my travels but another -LRB- do n't we all have a box of these ? -RRB- I had worked okay .
 Works great . I am so glad we bought this . Great price , great value .
 This stuff is pretty damn good . I started out on Barbasol and eventually traded up to Edge gel . This stuff is really miles better . Somehow it makes shaving easier , similar to the feeling you get when you pop in a new blade . It actually is n't as expensive as it seems , because you do n't use as much per shave .
 A great product ... Large , easily visible numbers . . Moderately loud , pleasant voice . Four separate alarms ... `` Count up '' stopwatch timer . . Pleasing appearance with reasonable strap . . I bought two ... just in case !
 Irreplacable for my wife and I . The four alarms are the only way we can keep track of all the medications she takes at different times during the day . I would strongly recommend this one ! And the price ca n't be beat .4 Alarm Digital Talking Watch with Date and Stopwatch
 I bought this watch for my father in law who needs to take medication 3-4 times a day . It really helps him remember but I wish it vibrated as well cause he has hearing difficulties . It does repeat the alarm time for one minute so he does hear it eventually . I would recommend this watch .
 My husband has had a medical watch for 2 1/2 years which worked fine until it suddenly died.I immediately ordered another one because he has to take meds several times a day.This watch seemed ok , but it would take several days to arrive . I ordered and was really surprised when it arrived before the expected day.I did not request rush service . It was sealed in the box and works fine . Shipping speed was exceptional
 I bought the watch for my husband because he likes a watch that tells him the time just by touching a button . He really likes this one . The band is comfortable and the watch is easy to see and has all the features he requires . This was a good purchase .
 This thing was designed to facilitate open-eyed darkness meditation . Only later was it marketed as a sleep mask . It is excellent for its intended purpose
 I am about to purchase my 3rd mask in 8 years . They have evolved over time and the one now is better than the original one I had - now the plastic is less brittle than the old ones.I am surprised that the other reviewers say that it is not designed to fit their faces , as I know several people who use them and we all have different shaped faces and we all love them.Especially good for those early summer mornings , or if you want to take a good afternoon nap , or if you are trying to sleep on a plane.I particularly like the way the foam is cut out for the eyes , so you can open your eyes without them being squashed like other masks do .
 I was a little surprised to see this advertised as a `` sleeping mask '' , because I bought it somewhere else where it was geared towards meditators , and it works excellent for that . I ca n't even imagine trying to sleep with it , it has thick foam that sticks out about an inch from the face . It 's very comfortable , but would n't be that great for sleeping , it seems , unless you only sleep on your back . The reason it sticks out from the face is because there are holes in the thick foam , so that you can open your eyes completely , without feeling anything pressing against your eyes , and yet it 's completely dark . If I were to get something for sleeping , I would think a simple cloth thing that covers the eyes more like a bandanna would be a lot more comfortable . But for meditation , and for doing yoga , etc. it 's awesome .
 I do n't know about the negative reviewers , but without these I am lost when in travel . I am a free-lance musician who travels a lot , & sleep deprivation is no small thing when you are out for weeks covering the globe ... I can not speak good enough of these things . As matter of fact I 'm on my way to get my third ones -- so much I have use & abused them through the years ! They are absolutely phenomenal ! THESE ARE A BLESSING TO ME !
 When I received my mask and saw it for the first time , I thought that it would fall apart after a few uses . I was wrong ! I have had it for over a year and a half and it 's in as good a shape as the day it came . I also sleep on my side , and it takes a bit of adjustment , then it works fine . I use it on a daily basis , and I am very pleased with it . And I would recommend it highly to anyone that wants a good DARK sleep environment .
 The Mindfolds were delivered earlier than I was informed on purchase . I love Mindfolds and I 'm very happy with this order .
 I 've been thru many others and this mask is the one ! This may sound weird but if you have unusually long eyelashes as I don it makes whereing a normal sleeping mask very uncomfortable . The foam backing this mask uses lifts the mask away from my eyelashes while maintaning a tight , `` lite-proof '' seal , again thanks to the foam . Count on replacing every 2 years as the plastic will start to crack or tear around the edges ... worth every penny !!
 This mask is wonderful . I doubt there is another one like it anywhere . It is super comfortable as it is adjustable , and is smooth and soft against your skin.It feels like being given a gentle hug around the head.As soon as you put it on , it causes you you to relax.The nice thing about it is you do n't even need to close your eyes to experience total darkness . It is nice for sleeping , but also is wonderful to listen to some relaxing music while wearing , and help encourage you to experience your rich inner world.It might be used while enjoying the sounds around you , but also comes with earplugs if you want to use them for relaxing or sleeping . This would be a nice gift .
 I am visually impaired and this mask has been a godsend . The construction is simple -LRB- foam with a glued on plastic -RRB- but when I am having trouble with light sensitivity I can place the mask on and still get things done around the house . I have blind center training as a fully blind person and so I can function reasonably well with no sight.This is a bit uncomfortable for sleeping in , but still worth the money .
 After using half a dozen other sleep masks , this one is by far the best . This mask completely blocks out all light , so those of us who are sensitive to light can sleep without being disturbed by the first rays of sunlight or by your partner 's reading light , television viewing , etc.The best feature is the eye cut-outs -- they allow you to blink your eyes , as we all do normally in sleep , without your eyelashes touching any part of the mask . It is very comfortable to wear . I highly recommend this product .
 Perfect for sleeping , meditation , doing darkness retreats - etc.Really keeps the ENTIRE sun out !
 This is a great product . I am buying my third one . I do wish they lasted longer , but this mask blocks all the light and is very comfortable .
 I keep trying to find a better sleep mask than this -LRB- look at my reviews for others I 've tried -RRB- but I keep coming back to Mindfold.The Mindfold does an absolutely perfect job of blocking out all light , and is very comfortable -LRB- might not be when you sleep on your side , however . -RRB- Minuses
 This product is great , It is a black out mask that allows air flow and free eye movementbut no light . Just what I was looking for . I have another in my shopping cart as a back up . I would recomend . I have had mine for one month and love it .
 I 've been using Mindfold sleep masks for probably 15 years . It 's morphed over time . The earlier masks only lasted about 3-6 months , as the plastic would crack . I 've had my last mask for at least 3 years . I find them incredibly comfortable . If you 're the kind of person who wakes up at the first sign of sunlight , this is the only mask I ever tried that completely blocks out the light .
 I already have one Mind fold mask , I love it so much I bought this one as a back-up . I use mine primarily for Trance dancing and doing Holotropic Breath work . Works like a dream , blocks out all light and I have the choice of keeping my eyes opened or close . Often while trancing I like to roll my eyes up slightly this mask makes it easy . Strap is adjustable , which is nice because with my hair up it becomes bulky , I can make it as tight or as loose as I want it . I 've had my old one for 3 years now and I sweat alot while dancing and it 's still in great condition .
 These are perfect if you like complete black out for sleep . Great for traveling , because they do not bear down on your eyes like other shades . Thus , they do not mess up mascara for women !
 I have worn these masks for years . It not only keeps light out but keeps air out of my eyes . Through the years they 've made them a little smaller so you are not pushing against the side of the plastic on your pillow and causing them to move . I am a side sleeper for the most part . I 've awakened to broad daylight with sun streaming in and was completely surprised . It would be good if they made them in 3 sizes or at least two . I think you have to get used to them and be sure they are centered and the velcro strap is at just the right pressure to keep the mask on without pressing against your eyes . I adjust them from time to time as they loosen.I rarely sleep without them and use them on planes all the time . They were recommended by a friend of mine a long time ago who uses them for the entire family for travel on planes .
 I just bought my secod mask . One for home and one for another place I have.It really does keep light out , the only problem I have with it , is that I 'm a side sleeper and the mask can be a little uncomfortable at times until adjusted properly .
 This is a wonderful product and how handy to be able to order and receive it online . Am about to reorder for a friend .
 This is the only blindfold I know of , of it 's type . It is 99.7 % lightproof -LRB- for me -RRB- ; after having it on for about 20-30 minutes , I can see just the slightest hint of light near the bridge of my nose . It could just be the shape of my face or nose though , and others might not experience this . -LRB- Also , the human eye can detect a single photon , or so I 've read . -RRB- The material is quality . The foam under the plastic &#34; shield &#34; is about 1/2 &#34; thick , soft and not itchy or anything . The foam has 2 circle cut-outs for your eyes , so while wearing this , your eyelids/lashes have no material touching or pressing down on them . This for me is one of the things that makes the product so unique . The velcro headband is fully adjustable to get the perfect fit - a sweet spot between tight enough to block out the light , yet not too tight as to be uncomfortable.For the price , comfort , and uniqueness of this product , I have to give it 5 stars . I use mine for meditation , and have been using it for years . I just bought a second one to keep in my car . I have my eyes closed when I use this during meditation , so this product does the job for me . I get to meditate with 0 visual distraction .
 Great for meditation , really blocks out any light and feels comfy . Also it is not good for sleeping necessarily , but if you put it on before you go to bed to tone down your thoughts then take it off when you want to sleep it is EXCELLENT . Boss product
 This is a strange and helpful item that delivers as promised , and I have never found another one like it.True pitch black with your eyes open . Great for meditation , for doing Win Wenger Image Streaming technique -LRB- Google if curious , it 's an outstanding method -RRB- I seldom use this for sleep , but when I have it works fine there too . -LRB- I bet you could nap outside in broad daylight and be in total darkness . -RRB- I love this thing .
 Ok guys , I started out never having owned a sleeping mask in my life and I wanted one for sleeping on the hammock ... No mask came close to this thing ... It blocks 100 % of light , and this is outside mind you . . the foam is so soft , I ca n't see how people can call this discomfort ! The front is a hard plastic . . very tough.There you have it
 I first got one of these years ago when Brookstone carried them and I 've been hooked since . I 'm on my 5th one and I will never use another mask . I especially like how the foam keeps the masks away from my eye lashes . With other masks my eyelashes would brush against them and annoy me , not with the Mindfold !
 I love this mask . It has room for your eyes to open without squashing down your eyelashes and making it feel uncomfortable . Great mask for sleeping and relaxing !
 Since having my eyes mangled by an incompetent Lasik surgeon , I have tried every eye cover and sleep mask on the market . This is hands-down the best . I get severe eye strain due to double vision and visual impairment caused by the Lasik - 15 minutes with Mindfold is very rejuvenating . Some reviewers say that they have a hard time sleeping with this , but in my opinion it is also the best nighttime mask on the market , and I 've tried them all . I keep four of them - one by the bedside , one at my office , one in my home office , and one in my travel kit . And I 've given one to each of the eye care professionals who are helping me cope with the damage inflicted by Lasik .
 I already had been using a Mind Fold for a couple of years and figured it was time to replace it with new ones since I had dragged that one around for so long ! I wanted to have one to keep in my car for when I relax on my lunch breaks and another one for home . They are a great product . I like to use them for when my eyes feel tired and when I do my deep breathing exercises . They definitely are great and worth the money .
 While this product does what it claims ; it just does n't get as cold as the cold pack product I used previously . However the `` cloth-like '' exterior is very nice .
 I 've taken Vitamin E for 41 years . When I ran out of the Now Foods Mixed Tocopherols and took their D-Alpha E-400 until a new bottle of M.T. came in , I felt the difference physically within a couple of hours compared to the way I felt with the Mixed Tocopherol capsules . Of course , Vitamin E is good for your heart , stamina , increasing oxygen in the bloodstream , helping thin the blood , etc. . It extended my Father 's life by 15 years . He used to huff & puff up a flight of stairs . After 1 month on just 100 I.U. daily , he was able to climb two flights of commercial stairs without problems . Later on the advice of Dr. Wilfred Shute , M.D. in London Ontario Canada , at the Shute Clinic , -LRB- where the famous doctor who , along with his brother , Dr. Evan Shute , had treated 50,000 patients with Vitamin E by the 1970 's -RRB- , Dad took 1,000 units a day . That made quite a difference . Although , for some people , such as those with Rheumatic Heart Disease , Dr. Shute recommended only 30 I.U. daily . He said to us that in the absence of a nutritionally minded doctor , that starting with 100 I.U. a day for a week and working up by 100 units weekly , one would reach a point where if the difference felt between a higher dose and a lower one was n't noticeable , then to stay at the lower dosage . For instance , that might be 800 I.U. vs 900 . And , the choice would be 800 . I like that Now Foods does not sell esterfied -LRB- with preservatives -RRB- Vitamin E or any synthetic -LRB- DL-alpha only -RRB- Vitamin E. Years ago I discovered some companies that sell both synthetic and 100 % natural Vitamin E would often have both the synthetic and the natural encapsulated together and call it `` Natural . '' I had a bottle analyzed and it came up 92 % synthetic and 8 % natural ! The manufacturer fooled a lot of people and made a fortune at it -LRB- & they are still around -RRB- . Of course , I never bought Vitamin E from them again.I also discovered that Vitamin E may increase the appetite . And , one 's dosage needs can change over time . One may need to increase or decrease the I.U. -LRB- International Units -RRB- taken daily.The synthetic Vitamin E has about 30 % of the biological activity as the natural form . So , buying natural Vitamin E and especially , Mixed Tocopherols , is a bargain even though the price may be double that of the synthetic . Here 's an eye-opener ... the March 2012 issue of the comprehensive Life Extension magazine had an article on synthetic , dl-alpha Vitamin E increasing the risk of prostate cancer . Go to -LSB- ... -RSB- . I recommend subscribing to Life Extension magazine . The Amazon Kindle edition is $ 1.99 a month . However , mail-in cards found inside the magazine at bookstores , offer low subscription rates for the printed version.Q-10 -LRB- Co-enzyme Q-10 -RRB- and the Tocotrienols make good additions . I 'll review those later or edit this review and add them . However , it is best to start at low dosage with both the Q-10 & Tocotrienols . One half of a 30 mg pull-apart Ubiquinone -LRB- not , ubiquinol , as it has different effects -RRB- capsule of would be a good starting point . See how you feel within an hour and that will indicate how you 'll likely feel with more capsules . But , gradually work up in dosage ; unless prescribed by a M.D. Do search the Internet as their are side effects to Q-10 if taken with certain medicines.A good , comprehensive source regarding side effects is a book sold by Amazon
 Used it before and my wife likes it so what more is there to say . Guidelines say 5 more words required .
 I keep buying this product it 's great and it works ! It 's reasonably priced , shipped quickly and well packaged . Beyond that , I cant think of a thing to say about it . Enjoy!UPDATE
 We give vitamin e to our dogs each day with their meals . With four dogs we go through quite a bit of it . Very happy with the NOW brand . Packaged well , priced right , and so this is the brand we always choose . Have this product on a subscription from amazon . No other retailers in our area can match that price .
 Not only is this one of the best priced E 's I have ever used , it is a great mix of Tycopherols so I am assured that I am agetting all the benefits possible , instead of just a narrow band of them . I use extra E as a way to resist using hormone therapy . I can always tell if I 'm not using a quality product . This one definitely is the best I have ever used .
 This contains the natural form of vitamin E Tocopherols -LRB- d-alpha , d-beta , d-gamma , d-delta -RRB- . Do not buy cheaper products that use the dl-alpha , etc tocopherols as they are synthetic forms of Vitamin E and can cause more harm than good . not all vitamin E 's are the same.the only thing that could make this better is if it also contained the same mix -LRB- alpha , beta , gamma , delta -RRB- of the Tocotrienol family of vitamin E -LRB- yes , there are 8 members of the vitamin E family -RRB- . I have yet to find a cost-effective version of vit E that contains all 8 .
 I like dry e it is easy to digest and you can take it with the other dry vitamins . This is a great price and excellent quality . I only wish it came in a larger quantity and a higher dosage .
 This is a very excellent product for healthy blood circulation and general good health . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 package came on time , I take of this once a day after a meal . . it helps a lot on my dry skin . .
 I love this and it 's vegan friendly which is a great help . When everything is in order I take this and fend off colds . I have n't needed a flue shot since 2008 . This vitamin promotes blood circulation and healing . Its great to use internally and externally .
 The scientific research on this compound is deserving more attention , especially for its anti tumor effect . Hope folks will look into it .
 Great price , and product in just the right dose for minimum daily requirements . I need to reorder this product as I 'm out .
 We use a number of vitamins and supplements as addition to as healthy a diet as we can accomplish regarding available choices and budgets . We also indulge occasionally in dinning out , which tends to diminish healthy vs a night away from the kitchen . The brand we prefer is . NOW FOODS . Vitamin E is essential as an antioxidant of choice . In my case I do not tolerate oil based capsules . For me this is a great alternative . I incorporate it into my dietary needs additioaly to help with fibroid tissue issues recommended by my GYN . Now is a trusted brand and affordable .
 I do n't understand why it works , or how it works but it keeps me from having tizzy fits ... you know anger out of no where . I do best on 100mg .
 Although its advised to take Sam-e on an empty stomach with this formula you might be advised to take it with a bit of soy milk . Seems to help.Very effective otherwise .
 I really love SAMe ! I 've been taking it in one form or another for about 4yrs -LRB- NOW is the best I 've found per .01 $ -RRB- I find that SAMe goes best with -LRB- NOW -RRB- 5-HTP and GPC ! Great for the thinking mind !
 Can not be more pleased with fast shipping , hassle free service , and discount pricing on NOW brand . Am using SAMe for first time because Allstar Health has made it affordable for me to try it for my fibromyalgia . I hope it helps , along with my usual regimen of 5-HTP for Seratonin production and Melatonin to help with sleep problems . Also am adding Omega 3-6-9 formula because I heard it is really good for neurotransmitters , as well as the heart and brain .
 I need a high potency iron supplement . This is a great product and strength . Once a day tablet . Thus this package provides 180 days of iron supplements . Great deal .
 great for those who normally have low iron levels . increases my energy level . has so many other vitamins and high doses too . highly recommended
 My Father in Law has recently lost his vision . Wanting to give him the perfect gift , I searched my local stores with no success . I spent hours on the web trying to find someone who sold talking watches that are resonably priced . As I was about to give up and send him the usual baked goods I stumbled across this watch on amazon.com . I liked the looks of it and decided to purhase it for him . I recieved the watch within days to my surprise . I am pleased with the quality and ease of use . I am sure this watch will give him years of timely enjoyment . I also recieved with the watch a catalog of other products . Now my shopping wil be much easier . It is hard to find great gifts for the blind in our sighted world . I thank Maxi Aids for making life easier for both the blind and the sighted . Happy Holidays to all .
 This is actually a very useful watch for anyone hard of hearing , and who has a good sense of humor . My Father would have loved this watch . It was kind of a joke gift for me , and yet I have come to rely on it every day . It has a great speaking voice to tell you the time , funny alarm sounds like the Rooster Alarm to wake you up , and a nice glossy gold look . It 's a great gift for anyone hard-of-hearing , and they will love the look and sturdy feel of this great watch .
 I have purchased this same product several times and have found it reliable and helpful . The only failure I have experienced was when I sent it through the laundry with my jeans , otherwise it has worked flawlessly for years . I did discern one new feature with the latest purchase , it has a silence mode ! If the button at 2 o'clock is held down , the watch reverts to a silent mode . If you hold the button down a second mode , it will resume talking . I 've enjoyed the watch and if I send it through the laundry again , I will buy another.Arthur Gusner
 I bought this for my visually impaired boyfriend several years ago . Although he had talking watches from the Sight Center that were more expensive , this one really worked well and lasted . He recently passed away , but the watch is still ticking and I ca n't part with it . It has become a symbol of him for me .
 We bought this for my father . He is considered the `` Father Time '' of the family . Right now , he is on kidney dialysis and can not wear a watch on his wrist any longer . The selling point was that when it is pressed it will speak the time . We only saw the picture via Amazon and had no idea what to expect ! The watch had arrived within great timing for Father 's Day and we left it in its box until then.When it was opened , what a surprise we received . The watch is a brilliant color gold and its chain is perfectly done in gold also . The instructions were very easy to read and my father had a great time setting it . We listened to the chimes it comes with several times and all agreed the `` Rooster '' was our favorite . The hands are black and in bold print , they make it easy to see the time . The watch has different settings for viewing the time
 The battery arrived in a very short period of time and was as advertised . Seems like a good vendor I think . Price was conpetitive and reasonable .
 Buying this on Amazon saved me lots of driving around ; not easy to find locally . It was for my Mom 's oximeter .
 This is a great value . One fourth the price for the same battery on specialty sites . It works with the pulse oximeter I own .
 This battery is used in my ` DIVE '' computer it 's something I have to rely on , and battery power is my only source , this one goes and goes . previous one went for 2 years before replacment . GREAT PRODUCT !!!
 Could not beat the price . Using the battery as a replacement for my alarm system . As for its battery life , its too early to tell .
 I use these batteries in my ADT wireless home alarm system ... they last years . I 'm very pleased with delivery and price . I have no issues , this is a great product at a great price . Local stores would charge triple what I paid .
 At the beginning of the year I purchased a wrist worn Oximeter that uses the Saft LS 14250 battery . The original battery lasted 25 days . I then purchased three batteries from MyBatterySupplier . These three batteries lasted 34 , 35 & 26 days . I subsequently purchased four batteries from Beiter Battery and Auto Electric . I have replaced three of these batteries so far . I am currently running on the third one . The first two replacements lasted 10 and 13 days . I paid over four dollars each for these two batteries and have obtained one-half to one-third of usage from them . The remaining two batteries from my four battery order have yet to be evaluated . One is in the Oximeter and the fourth one is queued up.I am giving MyBatterySupplier another try . I just ordered six batteries from them and two from Value Twist . MyBatterySupplier charges over four dollars each for the batteries and zero shipping . My out of pocket per battery was $ 4.65 . Value Twist charges around two dollars for the battery and over four dollars shipping . My out of pocket per battery was $ 6.96 . There you have it.Rod
 How nice to be able to order this battery online , at a very decent price . It was sent upon receipt of my order .
 This is the recommended replacement fro SunzaGo and it works perfectly . Do NOT be confused and get the 3.0 V version , it MUST be 3.6 V in order to work with Snuza.I was REALLY confused because the battery that came WITH the Snuza said 3.0 V on it , and I do n't know how to explain it , but 3.0 V replacements will not work .
 Not sure if it works . I bought it for an eMac computer that died , but the battery did not revive it lol . I would recommend this product . Thank you
 item came fast and did what it was supposed to . great ! yes yes yes yes yes yes ! yes yes yes
 Ca n't beat the price for this hard to find item . Only one local store carried them and they wanted 5 times what I paid here . If you can wait a week -LRB- not prime eligible -RRB- then buy away!Bought this for my dive computer transmitter . just becareful and note the pointed end is the negative . This is clearly marked and my old battery was the same way . My mistake so I ca n't fault the battery , just a note to self.Not sure on how long this one will last , the old one lasted two seasons or about 100 dives . . So far 8 dives and going strong .
 For me , these were an unusual size battery . I ordered two for the pulse oximeter machine at work and they fit and work fine . Now we at least have a spare battery as well .
 Came fast and works fine . It was very nice to be able to get this one battery for the same price as buying a package of 4 or 5 -LRB- on a per unit basis -RRB- .
 When we first got home from the hospital with our new born baby girl , I started using pampers sensitive wipes . Eventhough they are free of scent and some chemicals , my baby got a rash within 2 days . The pediatrician said most likely it was due to the wipes . I read about using paper towels , but was hesitant about it too . My neighbor recommended the Curity Sponges which turned out to be perfect . She had been using them with her baby for over a year avoiding rashes altogether . Just use some water and they are ready to use . I find they have the perfect thickness , softness and size , and best of all they are natural cotton pads.They are much more expensive than a box of wipes - any brand available - but to me , at least for the first 6 months when baby skin is so delicate , it 's worth to spend the 8 cents per wipe it costs . I first order a pack of 100 to try them and then jumped up to the box of 300 . Last time I bought the pack of 2000 ct to save in shipping . The only thing though , because it ships from a third party it could take a little over a week to get them . So while you wait , cut up some Bounty paper towels and use with water .
 LOVE IT !!!!!!! I will be buying more shortly . I have had IBS/D for the last 14 years of my life and have been on every sort of prescription medication to regulate me , this did it within a week . Do n't get me wrong I still have an `` upset '' here and there but nothing like I lived before !!! Will never be without it !!!
 I bought this for myself for a yeast issue I 'm having , I do n't have digestive problems . Seems to be helping along with a yeast cleansing product I 'm using . For the past two years when I eat or put something on my body that does n't agree with me , my body reacts with a yeast infection . That 's why I started this probiotic to help balance the yeast in my system . I 'm also staying away from sweets/sugar which is a contributing factor for yeast problems . With continued use , I have no doubt that in time this will help balance the yeast in my body without resorting to prescription rx 's . -LRB- 2 caps daily -RRB- P.S my husband is also satisfied with this product for his digestive issues . It has helped him become &#34; regular &#34; . -LRB- 1 caps daily -RRB-
 I have purchased these probiotics several times and like them very much . Other than tending to float when I try to swallow them they are very good .
 This is the best product ever . . really works and so so very good for your optimum health ... BUT ... KEEP REFRIGERATED IS PLAINLY STATED ON THE BOTTLE ... . SO HOW CAN YOU SHIP THIS ITEM UPS UNREFRIGERATED !!!!
 I have had three children and after each pregnancy , I got sicker and sicker with digestive ` issues ' AFTER baby is about 2 months old ! A friend suggested trying Multidophilus 12 and it has made a huge difference . I still have occasional stomach ache but my digestive system is working much more efficiently and I will not go without these pills any more .
 Easy to swallow , puts the good bacteria back in the intestine which strengthens the immune system . I take one each morning and night . A definite must , especially if you have taken antibiotic .
 This product has helped me with the pain I have in my joints due to arthritis . My knees and hands were so bad before , but after just a couple of weeks I have gotten amazing relief .
 Really has helped reduce inflammation ! I purchased it to help with inflammation pain and it has really helped . I also noticed it helps soothe acid reflux problems . Glad I purchased it .
 This is a very effective product and I would definitely recommend it to anyone that is in need of a digestive solution . I used this at the recommendation of my doctor for digestive health and was very personally surprised to not need any sort of laxative or other such product in conjunction with the Bromelain even while taking an iron supplement . As a daily addition for anyone with a need to have a little bit of an easier time with digestion and a more comfortable bathroom experience this is a great product .
 This is an awesome anti inflammatory and also has many other health benefits . Not to be used to for the long term . If you want to benefit from it 's natural source then eat pineapple more often .
 I take 2 capsules twice a day to prevent sinus headaches . It takes a few days to build up in your system . When I stop taking , the headaches return . This really works .
 I purchased this on line because it is a distance from my home to the nearest health food store . The price was right and the product excellent . It helps with my fibromyalgia . It came straight to my door!Thanks!D MurphyPine Mt. , Ga. .
 ALWAYS HAVE TO GET AT THE HEALTH FOOD STORE 45 MIN . FROM MY HOUSE . THIS IS ALSO QUITE A SAVINGS ! ABOUT ` 1/2 PRICE FOR ME . THIS PRODUCT WORKS ON SO MANY THINGS , BECAUSE IT WORKS ON INFLAMATION IN YOUR BODY . WHICH IN TURNS HELPS TREMENDOUSLY WITH MUSCLE PAIN , JOINT PAIN , EVEN HEALTHY VESSELS , AS THE NEW INFORMATION IS THAT HEART ATTACKS ARE CAUSED BY INFLMATION IN THE ARTERIES , NOT JUST CHOLESTEROL.GREAT PRODUCT . FANTASTIC FOR SINUS , AND DIGESTIVE DISORDERS . WORTH ANY PRICE , SO THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE .
 Around a year ago I started having trouble sleeping partly due to bursitis in my leg . For the past 3 months I 've been taking Zyflamend Nighttime -LRB- two capsules -RRB- and Bromelain before I go to bed . I also take 1 Bromelain capsule in the morning . I 'm happy to say that my bursitis bothers me much less now and there are times I can lie on that leg with little to no discomfort . It is important to know that herbs take some time to get into your system so they can have an effect on your body . I tell people to give a new herb you are trying at least 3 months to see if it will help you . Good Luck !
 Love taking the Bromelain . It is helping with inflammation problems . A friend told me to get some bromelian so I did .
 My Dr. recommened this to me before surgery , I started taking it the day before and continued for 2 weeks after , my healing was amazing . Even my Dr was impressed , I paired this with the Arnica Montana 30X and had very little bruising .
 I use this rather than Ibuprofen . 2 caps in am and pm works the best for my arthritis and inflamation . Easy on the stomach .
 My personal physician recommended this and I bought at goo.gl / k4MLG , with $ 10 off and free samples . Great stuff !!!!! He told me that digestive enzymes play key roles in our health by enabling our bodies to digest and utilize all the nutrients we ingest to the greatest extent possible . Without enzymes , food , minerals , and vitamins are useless . Moreover , these enzymes also play a key role in the elimination of toxins and the digestion and removal of scar tissue that builds up inside all of us as we age.Here is the major functions of systemic enzyme therapy :1 -RRB- Fights Inflammation2 -RRB- Fights Fibrosis3 -RRB- Immune System Modulation4 -RRB- Fights Blood Contamination5 -RRB- Fights VirusesTry it ... especially if you have acid reflux . I have n't had reflux since I started taking these babies ... a MUST HAVE . Taking these digestive enyzmes with each meal has made such a difference in my quality of life . No more being dragged down by indigestion and bloaty feeling . They got rid of my acid reflux , bloating , gas and indigestion . And even better , I lost three inches off my hips taking these . They help get rid of excess fat . Would recommend taking this product together with probiotics at goo.gl / 0qVLp if you have the same problems as me .
 I was buying a similar product from Vitamin Shoppe . I switched to this for price and convenience and am very happy with it .
 Once I was told , by the doctor , to take Bromlain for swelling after a minor surgery . I take it now to help with the aches and pains of Arthritis . I like this brand because it is in capsule form .
 I normally can only eat 2 eggs per day without passing gas . As soon as I ate 3 I would have the nastiest smelling farts ever . Now I can eat 8 eggs per day no problem , I take a few capsules before eating the eggs and no problems . Wish I knew about bromelain before .
 I do believe this helped reduce the scare tissue in my knee . Could not run distances prior to taking and am now able to get back into distance running with no knee inflammation .
 Having gone through about 50 of these chewing sticks , I want to offer my thoughts on them . They are , as many reviews state , very strong . If you tend to chew toothpicks into oblivion , they are uncomfortable to have in your mouth . The menthol creates an unpleasant sensation , and in conjunction with the wood will chap your lips painfully . I spent my first week with these picks prepared to write an unfavorable review . I then , for some reason , decided to simple try holding it in my mouth without chewing excessively . The menthol became a non-issue , I actually found it pleasant , and the chapping of my lips stopped . I have also found that simply holding the picks in my mouth is just as effective at satisfying my oral fixation as chewing on them are . A good product .
 These chew sticks are a great embellishment to relieve oneself from nicotine addiction , especially if you prefer mentholated cigarettes . Not only do they provide an oral fixation but they freshen your breath instantaneously . The only bummer is that they rid themselves of their composure rather quickly and splinter in your mouth , that 's the usual signal to be rid of it and start chewing on another ! This is a great product for those who would like an alternative to chewing gum .
 Absolutely fantastic . Strong flavor gives great fresh breath . Birchwoodbis hard , so they last a while and are difficult to splinter . Everybody wants one ! Ill be buying more .
 I used to purchase these little sticks ` o ' joy at the local vitamin shop , until they stopped carrying them . These toothpicks have been instrumental in my ability to both quit , and remain cigarette free . They also make my breath smell nice , which is a plus .
 Started using these when I wanted to stop biting my nails , and they were great . One will last for hours !
 Great alternative to a standard toothpick or gum ! The only real problem I might have with these is that they splinter too quickly .
 I think these used to be called Australian chewing sticks ... unless I 'm just thinking of another similar one . Either way these are great and everyone usually wants one when you whip these out ! They last forever and really freshen your breath . Be careful when getting use to them , they can burn your tongue .
 These here chewin sticks are the best i ever did chew on . Good taste and they strong so I 's can bite em up .
 Not a smoker , I just got them to have something to do with my fingers and teeth and to look like Steve McQueen . It worked , this product made me arguably 10 % more awesome . Also , I like the minty , homeo-mediciny natural flavor . Freshens the breath a little . And they 're durable , so my coolness last longer than with normal toothpicks .
 I bought these for my boyfriend to chew on while he was kicking the nasty habit of smoking and it helped keep him distracted and the flavor is strong as well . Good buy .
 Great product ! They were a bit too intense at first , but I soon got used to it and now love these thing !
 I bought these for a habitual toothpick chewer . He seems to like the taste of them and I love that I am not cleaning up little pieces of chewed wood all the time . I will try some of the other flavors next time .
 I 've only been smoke-free for 5 days , but these have been a help , both for having something to focus on orally , and for the taste . The cinnamon is a lot stronger than I expected but it lasts really long . The original flavor one is a little weird but a decent mix with the cinnamon.The only bad thing I have to say about these is that I was surprised by how they splintered . A friend that recommended them to me raved about how he could chew on them all day , 8 + hours . I must have stronger teeth . I subconsciously bite really hard on them occasionally , and ca n't get them to last more than an hour or two w/o splintering.Overall , really really happy with them . Wish I would 've ordered more - the shipping was almost half the tab .
 I 've been using these flavored toothpicks since I quit smoking three months ago . They have an excellent -LRB- and strong -RRB- flavor and work well to freshen breath and fight the oral fixation left over from smoking . Everyone who bums one off of me always wants to know where I purchased them . I 'm a fan of the tea tree flavor , although this company also makes a cinnamon variety . The cinnamon sticks are very hot and may bother some . Have tried other flavored toothpicks and nothing stacks up to these .
 Toothpicks are good quality . Do n't shatter easily . They do leave your teeth and mouth feeling very clean . Taste is not the most pleasant . I would prefer more of a cinnamon taste .
 I absolutely love these things . My buddy had some a while back and I 've been looking for them ever since.He originally called them , `` Cuban Walking Sticks . '' Took me a while to find these chew sticks.Love the menthol.Love the flavor.The toothpick is also very sturdy and wo n't fall apart .
 After reading an article on the benefits of Tea Tree Oil I went looking for products that contain it . Many were very pricey and did n't really give recommendations on how to use them ; like the oil . Since I have some dental issues and had read about the properties in tea tree oil that guard against bacteria I thought this would be a good experiment for the price.I 'm very pleased with how convenient it is to pop a toothpick in my mouth and gain healthy results . After about 15 minutes my teeth feel clean , free of plague . It leaves a fresh taste in my mouth and feels soothing . It seems to add moisture to my lips and mouth , relieving me of a ` dry mouth ' feeling that is a frequent occurrence.I 'm happy with the results and will keep purchasing them .
 I really like these , the only bad thing I can say about these is there price it is a bit steep compared to my local health food store.Other than that these have `` helped '' me quit smoking and are pleasure to have after a meal .
 You taste the menthol more then the cinnamon . I 'm a newly former smoker and enjoy these as a substitute but these would be best if you were a former menthol smoker . Fresh peppermint patty feeling stays for a 1/2 hour or so after you 're done with the stick . I 'm a repeat customer .
 These are tea tree oil and menthol infused toothpicks . They have a cooling effect when chewed on . Great alternative to gum . Keeps me entertained for hours . That being said they last forever depending on how quickly you chew them to bits .
 Wonderful product ! I use my sticks everyday . They are a great stress reliever and my breath always feels so fresh afterwards . The mint is very strong and takes some getting used to but , overall , great stick !
 These Plantation chewing sticks are very strong . I have n't tried the cinnamon variety but I have heard those are even stronger . These are very `` tea tree '' and minty , and are really a great way to freshen your breath when you do n't have a chance to brush your teeth . I always kept a pack in my car and a pack in the office and after a meal I would use them as you would use a normal toothpick . Doing so left me with cleaner feeling teeth and fresher breath.Others have recommended these chewing sticks to help cope with smoking cessation but I can not comment on this usage as I do n't smoke . If you do smoke and you 'd like to stop , it 's worth a try ! At the very least your breath will be better : -RRB-
 great sticks they are a great way to break a bad habit and they taste good too ! highly recommend
 DermaCerin works wonders on my very dry skin and I have not had blisters since starting to use this product . Non greasey , easy to use , tube lasts a good while .
 I love this lotion . I have tried lots and lots of lotions and I have decided that this is the best hand lotion for me -LRB- most other lotions leave me with dry hands after 45 minutes or so -RRB- This lotion does not feel greasy , it keeps my hands moisturized for much longer periods of time than the others , it does not have any smells , and I like the way my hands feels after application . I wash my hands or get them wet doing dishes , house chores , etc. , about once an hour or two .
 I first tried Dermal Therapy Lotion at a yarn store -LRB- avid knitters often suffer dry hands from handling all that yarn -RRB- and was immediately surprised and impressed that a lotion could have such immediate effect . My hands felt noticeably softer right away and not at all sticky . I searched and found the product on Amazon and am now using it as my daily body moisturizer . I 'll soon be ordering more . I highly recommend this product .
 A key to youthful skin is Urea -- very hard to find in products nowadays . This is the real stuff ! Many `` cosmetics '' just out-and-out-LIE , but Urea IS actually excellent for the skin . It does accumulate in the body - perhaps that is why it is not more widely available . With all the other `` unknown '' @ # % * that we consume through the air , skin , mouth , and `` other '' mucous membranes -- perhaps Urea should be placed way down on the list of `` concerns . `` In addition , Dermal Therapy is reasonably priced !! You just ca n't beat it -- long term . I 'm ordering more ! I use this , exclusively , in winter , however , see that my skin is not so youthful this summer . Urea-based products should be used year round ! Someone please respond if I am mistaken ...
 This is great stuff ... I have icthyosis , and have used every lotion and bath oil that i can think of . I use this product out of the shower/bath , and everything is very soft and smooth . Best lotion I can find ! Worth the money
 Great Product . I use it on My Dry Hands . I have tried many other Lotions And this is the Best .
 This lotion and nail cream is really effective . I enjoy the rich moisture without oiliness . The effects are healing and long lasting .
 One of the side effects of my new medication was dry , sensitive hands and feet , and my doctor recommended I use a moisturizing lotion two or three times a day . I tried several different products from the local drug store , but all proved to be either greasy , smelly , expensive , or just plain did n't work . Finally , I called the drug manufacturer of my medication , and one of their recommendations was Dermal Therapy lotion . I ordered from Amazon.com as the product was unavailable locally and the price was reasonable . To make a long story short , the Dermal Therapy lotion made all the difference . The dry skin on my hands and feet has been relieved and is no longer a concern . Yes , I recommend Dermal Therapy lotion , and have reordered a supply from Amazon .
 I love this product . My granddaughter has dry skin and it is wonderful on her dry , rough , itcy and irritated skin .
 Great product just like promised . Very surprised how fast it arrived . It is a mop head so do not know what else to say .
 This was recommended by a family member who has terribly sensitive skin and happened to learn about this product when he was in the hospital for surgery . It helped my daughter who has eczema . Awful name for a product , but it works ! Simple non-irritating soap . Works well on hair too .
 This liquid soap is great for washing windows . You do n't have to rinse this off . It is great for getting stains out of clothing . It cuts through grease in the dish water . It is n't hard on the hands , does n't dry them out like some harsh cleaners do . Why ca n't we buy this in the stores anymore ? I 've looked all over for it and ca n't find it anywhere !!!!!
 I found out why you ca n't find this liquid detergent anywhere . I looked on Colgate-Palmolive 's website and here 's what they said
 I was disappointed the first time I tried Reve de Miel Lip Balm . I thought the texture was very thick , that it could be gritty , that it looked cakey . All of these things are true to some degree , but it is still the best lip balm available , IF you 're actually looking for a real balm , and you 're willing to take a little time with it!It 's necessary to really work it into your lips in order to avoid that `` toothpaste in the corner of your mouth '' look , and the gritty bits are there for exfoliation . The texture is thick but in a luxurious way , and it feels amazing . After a day exposed to wind and cold , I put a layer on at night , and my lips still feel wonderfully soft and moisturized the next morning . It imparts a plumping effect , because it hydrates so well . I love the scent , but it 's very subtle . It goes on matte , which I like . I hate the super-slick look that balms like carmex gives.I 've used practically every lip balm out there , from the inexpensive Labello , Burts Bees , etc. , to the expensive Ren , La Mer , etc. . NONE of them hold a candle to Nuxe . This is the only beauty product that I 'm loyal to ; one that when I finish the pot , I immediately buy another . Value is decent -- one pot lasts me 8-12 months , and it beats buying a ton of cheaper products that do n't truly moisturize , soften , or give the illusion of plumping .
 I think this balm is a little misunderstood . Sounds a bit ridiculous maybe , but it 's not meant to be a daily balm you wear about . I use it as a night ` treatment ' while I 'm asleep and obviously do n't care about what it feels like because admittedly it 's a bit bizarre of a texture . It 's slightly gritty and thick -LRB- some say waxy -RRB- but you need the slightest amount and the key is warming it up . Therefore rub it on your lips a bit and add more if needed ; personally I slather it on at night and wake up with the newest lips i 'll ever get . My lips are easily chapped and dry and I 'm a lip biter so this does a great job for me . Regarding the price ; blame it on the importing . Because in France it 's only $ 10 -LRB- 7,50 eu -RRB- . It is a staple for many who frequently change their makeup -LRB- models , etc. -RRB- , definitely worth trying .
 This is my new favorite lip balm -- I received it as a gift from Paris . It actually plumps my lips and soothes ... it is great under any lipstick or gloss . I will never be without this lip balm again , use it morning and night ! Highly recommend ... it lasts quite awhile too
 The only balm I will ever need . So luxe and effective ! As others have noted , texture is very thick and `` grainy . '' Yes , it is thicker than your average balm . More of a thick butter than a waxy oil , which most balms tend to become on your lips . It is not grainy , or at least mine was n't . I think people are referring to the very thick buttery kind of whipped texture it has . Or maybe they did n't warm it up with their finger enough . You do need to let the balm warm up to make it easier to apply . Even then , it takes a little more rubbing to get it on there . That beign said , I think it takes more effort than other balms to come off ! Feels great on your lips and lasts a really really long time . I can feel the moisturizing effect as soon as I put it on ! Feels like pouring water on dry skin ! If you have dry skin or like in a dry climate like I do , you will understand that skin quenching feeling ! It smells like grapefruit , and if you ever lick your lips with it on , kind of makes your tongue a little numb like grapefruit does . A lot people might not notice this though.It goes on matte , not glossy . I love this . Your lips look healthy and clean . It was hard to put my finger on it but I finally know ... the consistency and texture of this lip balm reminds me on Lush 's Lip Service . Still , I like this one better.The frosted glass jar is so cute ! But it is pretty heavy and large ! I still tetris it into my tiny purse just because I love it so much ! I wish they would make a more travel friendly version of this ! The price is steep but I tend to stop using lip balms I do n't love to try another , so spending more on a balm I will finish is worth the money right there . Anyways , life is short , use the products you love !
 Fantastic item ! after searching high and low for a lip balm I have found the one that works for me , I 'm on my 7th pot of this and still does not dissapoint , I understand that the price is a little off putting for some people but it lasts for a really long time ! I think it 's because it actually works as is supposed to so you do n't have to reapply every 10 minutes like with other balms ! I have really dry lips and I also travel a lot , so climate change and airplanes have not done me any favors , and this balm always keeps my lips soft and moisturized ! another important thing for me is that is not glossy , I hate glossy lips and most lip balms tend to leave you with a glossy look , the nuxe reve de miel does not , instead you get natural moisturized lips , it also goes great under lipstick and I love that it does not contain any parabens ! I have been throwing away all my skin care/makeup containing damaging chemicals and I 'm glad for brands like this that provide natural and good ingredients . I will keep purchasing this item until the end of time !
 An amazing product that really helps with dry , chapped lips , an amazing seller with very affordable prices . Thank you so much !
 I have used the balm for over a year . Use it at night and in the morning as a treatment . I do not get chapped lips since I started using this great balm .
 A recommendation from a well known makeup artist . This balm is fantastic ! Not sticky or runny . Matte , yet hydrating . I apply it every night . Pleasant scent . Highly recommend .
 I 've been searching awhile for a lip balm that is not only effective , but that has staying power so that you 're not constantly reapplying it . Nuxe Honey Lip Balm is the most effective lip balm that I 've found to date . I love this product ! The consistency is pleasantly thick and not waxy . I 've never liked the waxy feel that some of the stick-shaped lip balms impart . Nuxe Honey Lip Balm is easy to apply and a little goes a long way .
 I was prepared for the grainy texture of this since I had read the reviews that described it . It 's true that you need to massage it into your lips for a few seconds to break down the granules and turn it into a waxier state . Once you do , it 's got a nice , thick texture that is very moisturizing and that stays put . It 's a bit too thick for me for during the day -LRB- I need a lighter lip balm to wear under lipsticks -RRB- , but for night time use , it 's perfect ! Apply it and wake up to nicely hydrated lips !
 I was definitely shocked by the texture at first , it is grainy and thick - not what I was expecting , especially based on the photo . But I 've been using it for a week now and I really love it as an overnight lip treatment especially . I wake up with smooth , plump lips . The smell is good also and I like that it is natural .
 I suffer from extremely chapped lips and this is the only balm that has worked ! Sephora used to carry it and now I have to order online , but it is worth it . Just leave on overnight and by morning your chapped lips will be relieved . I have recently moved to the Northeast and this has been crucial for getting through this winter
 This rather heavy , but healing , lip balm is great to use in cold , dry winter weather . I 've been using it for years and recommend it highly .
 I found this at Sephora and really love it ! I live in a very cold climate , and in the winter this balm helps keep my lips from getting dry and chapped . I 'm so happy I found this on Amazon because Sephora does n't carry it anymore !!
 I first tried this while in France and have continued to purchase it . It has a pleasant scent . It is a little grainy but I think it 's like an exfoliation effect and makes my lips smoother . It 's on the thick side so it really sticks to my lips and lasts . Not for everyone but I do like it .
 I got this balm on a whim one day when I was looking for something completely different , but I 'm so glad I did . I remember reading one review stating that they apply this every night before bed and it gives their lips a more plumped and younger look and they do n't have to apply anything for the rest of the next day . Well , I tried it this way and I definitely noticed a difference . I 'm still quite young but my lips did look fuller which would probably be due to the fact that it holds moisture in so well and it coats your lips pretty solidly so you do n't have to worry about it rubbing off instantly -LRB- or even in your sleep ! -RRB- . Unfortunately I still had to apply lip balm during the day but I also never drink enough water and get all the good oils in my diet that I should so I ca n't blame the lip balm for that , it 's not a magical balm crafted by wizards . The only downside for this balm is that it does n't instantly soak into your lips , aka ; if your lips are already severely chapped it wont instantly relieve your dry skin . This should be considered as a preventive measure . It 's a great one at that . As I said , it coats your lips very well and does n't rub off easily like every other balm , it 's almost like it 's formula perfectly bonds with your lips to last for hours and hours . If you live in cold and/or dry climates I would strongly recommend this balm . As far as balms go that instantly sooth dried lips and impart moisture instantly I would recommend Smith 's Lip Balm
 If my mother says this is the best , then who am I to quibble , it must be so as she has been using this for a few decades .
 I 've been so excited to get this in the mail and it finally arrived today ! If you 're looking for a lip balm , this is it . If you 're looking for a lip GLOSS , then look elsewhere . This is exactly what I wanted . I like the natural look with something that gave my lips the moisture they need WITHOUT the gloss . Every lip `` balm '' I 've tried that has worked well just had a little too much shine for me . And the rest that do n't give that shine do n't moisturize long enough . This is perfect - buttery with a little bit of sandy texture . Rub it well for a few seconds to exfoliate and then it turns into a silky buttery texture that moisturizes like WHOA . Now I do n't write reviews . In fact this is my first one . But I just loved it so much that I had to share ! Classy glass container too . It 's a little bigger than my usual lip balms , and I know other people have said that the heavy and delicate container makes it difficult to carry around . Seriously , it 's not that heavy or delicate that you ca n't throw it in a wristlet for everyday use ... The price is a bit steep , but there 's actually a lot of the product to last I 'd say at least 5 months . A little goes a long way . And is it just me or is there a tingling sensation and a little bit of plumping ?
 This product is the best lip balm out there , but you need to know how to use it properly . At first I did n't like it as well , because I thought it was too clumpy and heavy . The trick is though , you do n't need a lot . You just swipe a small amount and rub it on your lips , gently rub your lips together , and you 're good to go . I 've been using this product for a couple years now , another tip I have is , do n't double dip , from my experience , doing that causes the balm to clump together a lot more . If you swipe some of the balm , use that bit before you go in for more .
 I love this stuff ! Not having any issues with grittiness or dryness mentioned by others . I 've been using natural/organic lip products for awhile , so maybe I 'm used to less glossy formulas . This lip balm is thick , luxurious and lasts forever . I much prefer it to thinner balms that need reapplying every hour . A little definitely goes a long way .
 Attach the difficulty with a finger . It is bit hard to scoop out . However , the roughness of a lip is cured immediately.The moisture of a lip can not be maintained for a long time , but I like it .
 I love how moisturizing this balm makes my lips feel and it leaves a matte finish too . Love this stuff . The jar is a generous 15 grams of products too . Between this and my Jack Black lip balms , my lips have not been in better condition .
 I bought the Nuxe Reve de Miel lip balm because I 've seen a bunch of beauty bloggers raving about it and since I 'm a lip balm junkie , I had to check it out for myself!It is super thick and rich , so much so that I actually do n't really like to wear it during the day unless my lips are feeling particularly dry or I 'm in a very cold dry climate . I bet this would be awesome to wear while skiing ! My favorite thing to do is just put it on at night and when you wake up it will still be there !! How insane is that ? For the guys , this lip balm is also very matte so you wo n't look like you have lip gloss on . Yes , it 's a bit pricey , but a little goes a very long way so I 'm sure this little jar will last forever and you will get your moneys worth .
 I have read and watched many beauty blogger reviews on.this product and finally gave in ... I had to see for myself if it really could `` cure '' cracked dry lips and stay on all night . Initially I had doubts and felt the price was high for a lip balm . However , upon using for one night , I am a believer . This product stayed on all night in an air conditioned room with a ceiling fan running all night . My lips still had some product on when I woke . Revel de Miel is more like a lip treatment disguised as a balm . I now see that heals cracked and dried lips and intensely moisturizes them over night . The product is thick but not greasy . A very small.bit goes a long way if you massage into the lips . Great value and great results . Will be repurchasing when I run out -LRB- I cant imagine how long that will take -RRB- .
 I bought this for someone at work because they like very fine points . I generally only like medium points . However , when I tried it , I found I liked it . I liked it a lot . It writes very well and does n't smear . I highly recommend it .
 I have these extra fine point pens in purple , black and blue . The ink does n't dry immediately , so occasionally smudging is a problem . Seems like it 's more of an issue with the medium point pens rather than the extra fine . I use these in my Moleskine and they have a really nice flow to them .
 I address many invitations when doing events and this is the only pen I will use . They give an elegant look and are easy to use .
 I found these and started using them at work . I ca n't tell you how much I love them . This is the best pen I have ever used ! It looks great and I love the flow in how it writes !
 Mega food is the only product I will use . The Vit B does not upset my stomach .
 This is more a question than a review . I love the Lysol Floor cleaner that I used to use with my Hoover Hardfloor cleaner when I had a house full of ceramic tile . I just bought a house with marble floors . I am wondering if I can still use the Floor cleaner and the Lysol . Anyone know ??? Thanks
 This item is extremely satisfying . It is very flexible and even if it is a little big , it feels fantastic and similar to the real thing !
 It 's just like the real thing with a little added length and like real veins to massage your insides !!
 I love this thing when I do n't want the noise of a vibrator
 Yes the product is excellent , i love my little boy ;-RRB- , i higtly recoment to full fill ur passion with the product
 This thing is huge , but I like it . The only bad thing about it is that it looses its color after awhile ; otherwise , it 's a really nice .
 I really love this item . Although it does have a strong rubbery smell
 Just received this today . Yep , it 's big , but not monstrous by any means . The measurements are as follows : - Length
 big , but soft enough that it does n't hurt . gives all the satisfaction of other dildos this size , but does n't rub you raw . I have a crystal jelly of the same size and model , doc johnson and all , and I prefer this guy hands down .
 So I read ALL The reviews & I bought this , wanting something ... . softer . My most recent few toy purchases have been glass & I just wanted to change it up - wanting something more life-like , etc. . Got it , opened it , said to myself YUM ! Great size and shape , LOVE LOVE LOVE the feel of the rubber or whatever its made of - just the right squeeze , feels so real , not too smooth , just the right grab factor . Did n't bunch up at all when I used it -LRB- as some `` soft '' dongs do -RRB- , fills in all the right ways ... Nice texture , does n't require too much lube . Not too big at all , but I am 5 ' 9 '' and 160 lbs so take my word with a warning , if you are very petite maybe want to work up to this.The smell -LRB- I got the blue -RRB- is kindof blueberry like , not a bad smell at all like I heard some say - I 'm guessing they changed the smell . A tiny bit strong tho so I store it in a closed container , no big deal.Last word , BUY IT . Of all my toys -LRB- Ivibe rabbit , don wands , doc johnson glass , cheapo vibes -RRB- , this is my FAVORITE . No kidding , hands down . LOVE IT!Best substitute while my flyboy is away during the week ; -RRB-
 well I 'm a married woman and my husband enjoys using this on me sometimes to spice things up a bit but be warned it is alot bigger then i expected and hurts me and he is always begging to ram it in me but it usually ends up ruining the mood because it hurts me too badly . so if your tight like me you 'll be able to enjoy the head of it lol thats about it
 This is by far the best sex toy that we have ever owned . We have a alot of different things that hurt my wife when going in even with lube , but not this one . It is just about the same size as me just not as thick as me but it is a little bit longer by about half an inch or so.All the ladies that say it is way to fat made my day . It is the perfect size it could be just a bit thicker . As far the smell yea it smells but not that bad.It does not require much lube and it goes right in.Great for going down on her while using the Mr. Softee.If this one wears out any time soon I will buy 2 more . Every lady out there needs this toy it is wonderful.It is very realistic , soft , and flexible .
 Very soft , much like the real thing . I give it a thumbs up all the way .
 While i found this over all a good product , two flaws make me use it much less than i otherwise would . Its rather large , and while sometimes that 's a plus , it just makes it unrealistic for frequent use . And , i also noticed a smell , it reminds me of blueberry scented rubber bracelets i wore as a kid , and i have owned this for several years and washed it often and this smell is just as strong as when i got it , its a little unnerving . But all and all , for the price , it does the job , and its nice every once in a while when I 'm feeling a little more adventurous .
 I have to admit thought that I was looking for a non - sil-a-gel dildo and this one said it was purely latex ... unfortunately it is sil-a-gel so in order to play with it I have to use condoms , does smell strongly of its materials when you first open box , just wash it thoroughly and all is well ... have fun !
 Every one should have one ! When I opened it I was a little nervous by the size but once I got over that and used it I loved it !! Great fun for both holes : - -RRB-
 With some lube , this thing feels so real and works wonders for your personal time . I definitely recommend for single women who like big men-it saved my life !
 This product was very beneficial in my case . I saw the other reviews and I thought I could handle it . At first it was sort of overwhelming , but one day when I was really turned on I gave it another try . I learned to enjoy it . Now I love it 's thickness and the length . If you looking for a first time toy . This is n't the one . By the way the smell did not bother me at all .
 I had received mine in a short time ONLY three days ! It was packaged discreetly i did n't even know what it was till i opened it up . Its soft and the veins feel amazing It also has ALOT OF GIRTH ! It does have a smell to it and i suggest you wash it before your first use but all in all I 'm impressed .
 I love this toy . It is easy to clean and work very well . My man likes that its not hard plastic . It has a rubber smell but that doesnt bother us too much .
 my girlfriend asked me to buy her a toy while i am dyployed so i bought her this item and she loves it .
 From opening the box , the smell took over my room ! He smells fruity , but with an odd chemical-y smell if he 's at your face . `` Hidden '' in an open tin , I actually like the smell it makes my room -- it 's a naughty air freshener . ; -RRB- My only problem is the chemical-y smell , which makes me hold my breath when I 'm `` lubricating '' him . When he 's down there though , he 's wonderful.Having been a couple weeks , I do n't expect the smell to go away . I hope it fades , but that 's just me hoping.He is pretty thick , very filling . . I 'm shopping around for a smaller friend for a more daily use . To be honest , it 's more for the escape of the smell than the size - he does n't make me sore -LRB- because of his perfect softness -RRB- , and I 'm a beginner . .
 a very generous toy , i am a big fan of the soft nature , feels more life like , am very pleased with my purchase
 Some people complaining about the smell are just picky . . it does give off a smell but honestly I can not smell it anymore even after the first day . As for size its just right , it is a bit thick but thats what makes it so enjoyable .
 I like it . But it does have a few flaws . The smell . It smells like rubber but has a nice sent to it also . The smell sticks around my bedroom for a while too but it smells like a air freshner lol . the 2ed thing is , and this is just my opinion , its a little to flexable . I would like it to be stiffer but on the other had it moves right to my special spot and thats hard to find . Other then that I like it
 Product was great , has a strong chemical smell that does n't fade but just keep it in closed container and its fine . Good price for quality .
 Just bought this for the wife . . unfotunatly she had cervical surgery a week ago , so we have yet to be able to try it out . on the plus side ! they morning after i gave it too her i was told she had dreampt about it already ! Cant Wait ! she loves how soft and vieny i is !
 This product serves as a good friend whenever you need one . The product description says that it 's `` flexible , '' which it is indeed . The dildo is n't stiff and painful and it is n't like puddy either , it can stand up on its own but has the ability to move and bend as you -LSB- more often than not -RSB- will it to do so ... He 's a pretty fat sucker though , which I 'm guessing might take some getting used to for other consumers out there that are n't used to that much pink power . But whether you love the soft and flexible curviture of him for vaginal or anal techniques it 's all good.The only downsides include the fact that the product description does n't tell you -LRB- nor does the packaging -RRB- what it is literally made out of . Which can be troubling as to whether you intend to use water-based or silicon-based lubricants for anal entry ... If you are n't aware of what the product is made out of , your libricant might end up corroding the product.Another downside is the fact that because this is bright pink , it has the potential to lose its luster after a few uses . While washing it a few times obviously restores its color a bit ; after anal a few times , you 'll notice the `` pink '' begin to turn more into a `` salmon '' - like color . But as far as functionability goes , its a winner .
 This would be so much nicer for me if it was smaller ! I 'm not a petite little thing either - I 'm 5 ' 8 '' but this was huge . I 've thought bigger was better , but I learned it the hard way that 's not always the case . Ouchie.It actually smelled good , contrary to previous reviews -LRB- maybe they changed up the smell -RRB- - lightly scented with something ... I 'm bummed this was too big for me , but it would be great for ladies -LRB- or gentlemen -RRB- who can handle bigger widths . It was about 5.3 '' at the head and 5 '' at the shaft .
 I did not notice the smell like some others had mentioned . My wife also did not complain of the size like others . As a matter of fact she took all of this and loved the natural size and feel . It is supersized and thick so if you are not ready for a porn size toy look at others . If you are looking for a fun way to fill up the wife while she takes care of you in other ways then this is a great item to have on hand .
 no suction cup and no balls on it but good enough to get jollies on .
 Pros : * Veins are a nice touch and feel great . * Texture -- every toy should feel like this ! Super silky and pliable , yet maintains shape . * Color -- I bought pink , but had blue and purple to choose from too . Color 's cute . * Good length , for grabbing onto.Cons : * The smell is STRONG , like a sweet-smelling plastic . I can tolerate it but yeah , it 's definitely noticeable . * It . Is . Huge . Circumference-wise ... a bit too big , really -LRB- I 'm female -RRB- . I think a half inch less would have been perfect .
 I bought this item for my wife and she LOVED IT ! It is so life like and not to hard like some toys . I used it on her while giving her some tounge action and she damn near woke up the neighbors . I would definitly recommend this item to couples who like to have man made fun in the bedroom or women who like to take hard poundings .
 I only rate this 5 stars because its extra soft and extra huge ! When I recieved it just by looking at it I knew its too big for me so I had to return it ! But recommended for people who like BIG !
 We love this item . Always keep this one handy.Buyer beware -- this is not for everyday . Big.Still , I would n't want to be without it .
 This tea is a great diuretic . I retain lots of water and my ankles swell . But drinking 2 or 3 cups of this tea daily has taken care of that problem for me . My hands and ankles do n't swell anymore .
 About 5 years ago I stopped eating breakfast , I started Drinking one of these every morning . Then about 2 years ago I stopped eating Dinner . So much stress gone -LRB- I ca n't cook to save my life -RRB- . Lunch is the only solid food I eat . -LRB- usually Fast food or diners -RRB- . I hope they never stop making it , cause I ca n't go back . Ensure is great for people like me who do n't like food , do n't like eating and/or do n't like preparing food . I am also Lactose intolerant , and Ensure causes no problems . It is also great for a zombie invasion , because you can stock up !
 NOW Plant Enzymes are the vegetarian version of pancreatin which is usually derived from pigs or other animalsNOW Foods Plant Enzymes , 240 Vcaps . There are many digestive problems originating from a lack of digestive enzymes secreted by the human pancreas . The pancreas and gall bladder secrete the enzymes that are necessary for the small intestine -LRB- jejunum -RRB- to absorb the nutritive molecules after food has been broken down first in the stomach . Due to various reasons , the stomach may not produce enough acid , gastrin , secretin , and the food is not broken down enough for the pancreatic enzymes to finish the job . Consequently , the molecule which should be no more than one to one and a half in size can not be absorbed through the small intestinal wall and the person over eats , feels constantly hungry , and is malnourished . Taking a supplement of pancreatic enzymes can help correct this.NOW does a good job for me because the pain and inflammation have subsided since I began taking them . The digestive enzymes in plant pancreatin from NOW are designed to increase the power of the enzymes the body does secrete
 i have crazy ugly irritable bowel syndrome that started out of nowhere in my teens this pill has literally saved my life ibs made me want to kick the bucket but this pill keeps me alive take it b4 everything u eat and it will work peace
 I really do like this product . They are strong enough for a snack , but I take two with meals . These do not have a probiotic , so I take those also . The value on these is good .
 I used to have frequent smelly fart and after I start taking this pill , I noticed the symptoms become better . So I think it helped my digestion . So far so good .
 I have been using this product for years without any complaints , I can highly recommend this products to all interested customers .
 Been using this product a long time . It is a great plant based digestive enzyme from a top notch high quality company . You must try it !!
 I like this product . It helps me deal with bloated stomach when I eat raw vegetables . I have been on my way to healthy eating but my tummy gets all puffy when I eat greens , this Plant Enzimes helps with digestion and gas .
 They help a lot with digestion problems with everyday foods , for example
 My personal physician recommended this and I bought at goo.gl / k4MLG , with $ 10 off and free samples . Great stuff !!!!! He told me that digestive enzymes play key roles in our health by enabling our bodies to digest and utilize all the nutrients we ingest to the greatest extent possible . Without enzymes , food , minerals , and vitamins are useless . Moreover , these enzymes also play a key role in the elimination of toxins and the digestion and removal of scar tissue that builds up inside all of us as we age.Here is the major functions of systemic enzyme therapy :1 -RRB- Fights Inflammation2 -RRB- Fights Fibrosis3 -RRB- Immune System Modulation4 -RRB- Fights Blood Contamination5 -RRB- Fights VirusesTry it ... especially if you have acid reflux . I have n't had reflux since I started taking these babies ... a MUST HAVE . Taking these digestive enyzmes with each meal has made such a difference in my quality of life . No more being dragged down by indigestion and bloaty feeling . They got rid of my acid reflux , bloating , gas and indigestion . And even better , I lost three inches off my hips taking these . They help get rid of excess fat . Would recommend taking this product together with probiotics at goo.gl / 0qVLp if you have the same problems as me .
 Having tried the deidorant before ordering I already knew I loved it . When one uses it there is no mess or staining of clothes . The deodorant really works and does the job of keeping one odor free .
 Works as advertised . No stinky pits . I 'm 6 ' 0 195lbs and sweat as much as your average person . You may need to use it twice on workout days or if you plan to be standing outside in the heat sweating for hours . But normal usage for me is once in the morning and it lasts all day . The only problem is it 's kind of expensive on Amazon compared to one of the local retailers in Tucson that used to carry this for half the price . But I 'd rather stick with this brand than some of the others that major retailers carry . One stick can easily last a year as long as you do n't drop it . If you do drop it , the crystal will become jagged and it 's not fun to apply it after .
 This is by far the best natural deodorant I have found . It works better than my conventional one even . I looked it up on EWG and it 's rates a 0 -LRB- out of 10 -RRB- so it 's non-toxic too . The biggest thing to keep in mind is that it has no fragrance . So while you wo n't stink , you wo n't smell like baby powder or whatever you 're used to with the scented products .
 My face is extremely sensitive , and even this is not good enough . Then again , I 've yet to find any sunscreen that my face can tolerate . Otherwise , this is a natural product that does n't whiten the skin , and is not smelly or too greasy .
 I use this product on my dog 's nose . She has lupus which caused her to lose all the pigment on her nose . Sunshine exacerbates the problem . The LipCotz Lip Balm SPF 45 has been most effective . The pigment is returning . Hooray !
 I used to always get swollen lips when I went into the sun for longer than a half hour . Now I put this stuff on and can be outside for hours and not get swollen . Of course I re-apply once an hour or so , but its so worth it . It is a little chalky looking on lips due to the zinc but again , I would totally trade hugely swollen and painful lips -LRB- for days after being in the sun -RRB- , for a little chalky-looking chapstick . p.s. . You can always put a lipstick or gloss over the chapstick to lessen the color .
 I developed an allergy to chemical sunscreens and had to look for a new SPF lip balm . This stuff works just as well as old stuff I was using which is saying a lot for something that uses zinc/titanium oxide for sun protection . This stuff goes on easy and does not leave any white cast on your lips .
 My sister is vegan and pretty strict about it . She wanted a chapstick with spy thats vegan . This is it ! She was so surprised that I found one and she loves it !
 I was in the sun in South America and this seemed to work fine for me . No sunburn on or around my lips !
 It does n't taste or smell bad , does n't look white , goes on smoothly , but just does n't last that long . Still , I would buy it again .
 I have used other spf lip balms , and the ones without `` chemical '' sunscreens are usually very dry and chalky . This is not the case with Lipcotz ! I really enjoy using this ! I have not tried it under or over lipstick , because I usually wear this when I 'm outside at home , but I think it will be fine . I will buy another one next year !
 I have used it few times when I go for water sports ; so far , I think it does its jobs , sun-protection & moisture , and I like its pleasent light smell and non-greasy feeling . I have been researching for a great one to protect my lips under the sun without worrying too many during water activities . It 's pricy for a lip balm , but the money is worth .
 My dermatologist said I needed to order lip block with Zinc and I found this product . I find that it has great lasting power with an acceptable taste .
 The thickness of this backrest put me too far forward in the seat of my very small car to be comfortable . The backrest was comfortable , but the edge of the seat was too short for comfort when the backrest was in place . Honestly , the seat was almost too short for comfort without the backrest.However , thinking outside the box , I decided to try this as a bed pillow for reading . It is the PERFECT `` pillow '' with back support and the BEST I have found for sitting up to read or use a laptop in bed . It offers the kind of support that other sitting up in bed pillows do n't . I think I have tried every style of bed pillow ever made for reading in bed without being 100 % satisfied with their performance and my comfort . So , I am delighted with this use for this backrest . This backrest nearly hits the 100 % mark as a reading pillow . The only thing it would need to get higher marks would be a softer * bedroom * fabric with a greater choice of colors . The fabric on this backrest is durable and looks like it belongs in a vehicle . While I did n't purchase this backrest for this use initially , this backrest has more than met my expectations.I think this backrest/pillow -LRB- or the smaller one -RRB- would be a great help to those who are wanting to sit up in their beds in the hospital or for individuals who are confined to bed for health reasons.This backrest would also be great for college students who do n't like to study at their desks and prefer to read sitting up in bed.I am very pleased with my purchase . In fact , I have ordered extras to keep on hand for gifts.Update 4-10-2008
 My husband has back pain because of an injury . This backrest makes it more comfortable for him when he is driving . Well worth the price . Would purchase again .
 If you are n't very good with syringes , this is a very good tool to have . I 'm not sure how I would have felt if I did n't use these for a while before my first practical test in nursing school . The magnifiers are really excellent for people like me who might not be as dextrous as they want to be with a syringe . They were good for my needs , so I like them . Would I recommend them ? Yes !
 My 75 year old mother needs this handy little device to help hold the insulin bottle steady while she draws up her dose ... the magnifying side is helpful for older eyes to see the tiny numbers on those little syringes !!! service was fast -LRB- 3 days from order to in hand -RRB- and my mom is happy .
 Supper help to see the doseage lines - highly recommend the magni guide if you are hesitating saw same item at drug store for at least twice as much - ok , should say the shelf price was twice as much , it was always out of stock
 This is helpful for my parents who need to see the dosage better on my son 's syringes . It has been benefical to them .
 THis is a terrific product for a person with diabetes . It hold the vial in-place from wobbling around and magnifies the small scale on the syringe making it easier and more accurate is draw the correct doseage .
 Very pleased with this product . This product magnifies the numbers and lines of the syringe , plus it holds the vial . . easy to use . I just really feel that this is an excellent product . I would recommend this
 I ordered three of these knives for gifts and the guys were thrilled with them . Great knife for a great price !!
 I bought this knife for my brother who 's really into deer hunting . He loves the knife It 's sharp and easy to use ... is what he said . He said he liked that it was camo .
 and LOVE that one too !! the brother to this knife is a GUT HOOK version i enjoy . smooth working and good cutting . with a nice nylon case .
 i bout this knife about a month ago now . i had to get a new one because i bout a cheap one from the local flea market and it broke so i decide to put a little money into a strong and long lasting knife . i use it for hunting and fishing and it is great !! really sharp to cut almost anything you need to . also a great knife to carry in your pocket for general reason . all together i gave this knife 5 stars . you will be impressed with this knife if you choose it !!
 This knife is spot on for great craftsmanship , yet highly effective in harsh environments . Although one thing that kind of made me mad about this knife was the fact that is made in China . The description above says that it was made in the USA but when i received the knife i inspected it to find out that on the knife blade it clearly says made in China on it . Though the knife is made in China it is a really great knife and i encourage everybody to get it . If you are in the market for an amazing knife that has a razor sharp edge , and at an affordable price , than but this amazing knife YOU WONT REGRET IT !!!
 All I can say is , `` WHAT A WONDERFUL PRODUCT '' .
 I love this product . I use it all the time . It really `` vibes '' up life a little bit !! ; -RSB-
 WOW ! This is an amzing toy ! A LOT bigger than I had thought it would be but it is awesome ! It takes a little getting used to the size , at least it does for me but you wo n't be disappointed ! Definitely a good buy !
 This product is pretty good in my opinion . I am a first time user . The flaws are that it is pretty noisy at times , especially if you just changed the batteries , but this can be worked around . It also does smell a little at first , but after awhile , this goes away , and it 's not all that bad of a smell . it 's bigger than it seems and insertion is a little painful and intimidating , speed settings are nice , things stick to it a bit , so you have to clean it frequently .
 Yes , softness is good but I hated that it works with D size batteries plus is very noisy , other than that I just said I had very much fun with it after ups delivered to my home
 This is the top product of its kind that I have tried so far . It fit perfect , felt amazing , and is easy to hold.The only downside is the sleeve is easy to damage -LRB- i.e. cut with fingernails -RRB- but I think it 's worth it .
 This item works great . It does have a strong , unpleasant plastic type smell , but I got rid of most of it by removing the sleeve and cleaning it with warm water and orange scented dish soap . I turned it inside out , as the residue on the inside of the sleeve is where most of the smell was coming from -- like with latex gloves . Anyway , after a washing of the inside and out , most of the smell is gone , it 's not as strong anymore . I 'm also going to get some adult toy cleaner that was recommended for getting rid of this smell . Works great , though . ; -RRB-
