 The rubber that the band is made of collects dirt very easily . I have a cat and the first time I used it , it became covered in hair . To compound the problem , it is very hard to clean .
 I have used other Hyland products with good results , however , this product did absolutely nothing for me . I bought the 3 pack and ca n't imagine that I will ever use them .
 I bought a pair of these wraps from Dick 's and loved them . They were built to last and worked well when doing bench press etc. . Unfortunately , I lost them . I purchased the identical product from amazon and right away the product seemed very cheap . The elastic was weak and the thumb loop was of poor quality . The first time I used them , the velcro threads came undone when trying to remove . Amazon sent me a new pair , still cheap , and they second workout using them , the velcro came off again ! AVOID BUYING them or else take them off very carefully .
 These wrist wraps are awful . Do NOT buy them if you want a wrist wrap that is tough and dependable . Again , do NOT buy these wrist wraps if you want something that is tough and dependable .
 They must be making these cheaper than they used to . My current pair has lasted 5 years but were starting to get really grungy . Decided to get another pair . Used these for a heavy chest workout and the support they provided was fine . When I undid the strap though , one of the velco fasteners ripped right off so now it 's unusable .
 ... this stuff simply does n't work . I am hugely disappointed - I thought Solaray was a brand to be trusted . I even took 4 -LRB- !!! -RRB- just to see if I would get ANY kind of caffeine jolt - and felt very little if anything ! You 'd think this would blow any GNC product out of the water , but noooooooo ...
 ABC wholesalers misrepresented this product ... offered to send correct replacement . Do not have any customer service at all and when I finally had to return they rudely declined to offer a refund for the wrong size . I would not suggest any purchases from these crooks . I received an angry telephone call and there was no love from these people , only anger and deceit . BUYER BEWARE . Amazon should drop these creep immediately .
 I was hoping this ribbed condom would be a great experience for both of us , but my wife got nothing out of it more than a non ribbed one . The ribs are so small they just do not provide the claimed `` Extra Pleasure for Her '' . The quality is as good or better than other condoms I have used , but not worth any extra money for the claimed additional experience . Makes you wonder who they test these type of products on . I would be happy to try one as a product tester and supply feedback rather than as a dissapointed consumer .
 I bought this product , I received 60 condoms there was no varieties the 60 condom was divided between 3 types , and I received more than 20 condom without lubricant . Really wast of money
 These condoms are made in Taiwan . The variety is as described and are apparently manually chosen and packed together . Each one is in the original packaging . These are not strong enough and break easily . I would recommend more expensive products from the local stores , so you can rely on them .
 ***** Do not , under any circumstances , ever order anything from these people . If you google CondomMan.com and read the reviews , there are dozens of complaints *** I ordered from these guys on the 14th of September . On the 24th of September I asked them where my order was . I got the following email : Hello , Thank you for your email and your recent order . Your item was shipped out recently , and you should receive it very soon . If you do n't have your item within the next 3-4 days , please let us know and we will investigate for you.Thank you and have a good day , raeOk , its now the 6th of October , nothing . I will be calling my bank tomorrow , closing my card and having the charges reversed for this order .
 I placed an order with CondomMan on November 26 , they took the money from my credit card on December 2 , as of Dec. 15th I have not received my order . I called several times and got an answering machine which said its message bin was full , so it would not take my inquiry . I E-Mailed and asked for an update on my shipment , and got no reply at all . I doubt I will ever get my order or my money back .
 They came fast but without any box from Durex.They were just bundled with a rubberband and taped to card board . . woest part - they dont have any description on the individual cover ... I was annoyed to see no-lubricated condoms . Total turn off !
 I ca n't use these because of the smell . I know they 're a bargain brand , but the smell is pretty intolerable in my opinion .
 These are not the same quality of other Durex condoms . They seem very cheaply made . If you are looking for the normal Durex quality I recommend getting the 36 count Variety Pack .
 my boyfriend and i have had 3 of these break on us out of about 20 ... used perfectly properly . avoid these , girls
 I saw another review of someone else who also ordered this in the middle of november , its over a month and still have not received anything from them either
 Cheap , but unfortunately all the 60 condoms are loose and potential to have a break .
 I bought these seeing many positive reviews . Knowing that Durex is a trusted brand , I thought it would be nice to get a larger variety pack . While I received 24 of different varieties , we 're having terrible luck with them . So far , 2 out of 3 have broken on us . This has never happened to us ever , so we 're extremely unhappy with this situation . We have since had to get pregnancy tests as there was cause for concern . I 'm glad many customers have had positive experiences with this product and have been able to give it a high rating . However , from my experience , I will not be ordering Durex again .
 After reading other people 's reviews , I was n't expecting much in the way of packaging , but I at least assumed the bag of condoms would be sealed and not tampered with . When I opened the amazon box that they were shipped in , I noticed that the sealed plastic bag that the condoms came in had been ripped open . Not only that , but 3 of the condoms were missing -LRB- 1 of each kind . -RRB- Really ? So , at the least , some poor moron ca n't afford their own condoms . But I 'm not convinced that was all they did . How do I know they were not otherwise tampered with ? I will not be using any of the remaining 57 condoms . What a waste . I have used durex condoms in the past and have no complaints about that company , however , I would not recommend purchasing anything from this seller .
 heyI thought I would get the condoms in a gif pack or box . it was in zip lock bag which looks so cheap . I know the price cant be beaten but i got less number.they sent me 30 instead of 60 condoms which is absurd .
 Simply did n't get the styles specified . At all . If you care about variety do n't get this . Also , I noticed that I received mostly XXL so if this a concern of yours , look elsewhere .
 24 Durex condoms arrived in ZIPLOCK bag ! Gross , unsafe and unsanitary ! Picture has original box . As a buyer , I would expect my product to arrive in an original box as advertised , not transferred to a ziplock bag with a homemade style label taped across the bag with printed expiration . Should not be 1 star , 0 star .
 `` Durex Extra Sensitive , Performax , Maximum Love and Intense Sensation included with your order `` Only received Extra Sensitive of those advertised.Instead of the others I got 16 Natural Feeling , 14 Enhanced Pleasure , 8 Banana -LRB- flavored , I assume -RRB- , 4 Orange , 2 Strawberry and 16 Extra Sensitive.I purchased this variety with the assumption that I would receive those indicated in the listing itself . It seems as if I got a little more variety than I had expected.Packaging was fine , came in a big plastic Ziploc with 60 condoms inside . One of two of them must have opened up because the wrappers are slippery and I have n't opened any of them -LRB- I 've used Durex before and this is an isolated issue -RRB- . Came in couples , as in two condoms were stuck together -LRB- separate by the perforations -RRB- . Had a few half separated and one set completely separated . Kinda like these were packaged out of a pile . Not a problem as long as they 're not open I suppose.Going to proceed to return these , as I did n't get the kind I was looking for . Did n't like that I got 16 of one kind and two of another either , they should all be proportional . Disappointed .
 The description of the product lists the following condoms as being included
 Did not like the durability of condom broke several times on mecompared with trojans .
 Was shorted . Received 56 instead of 60 as listed . Product looks to be fine though as far as I can tell , nothing is expired .
 Do n't buy a 60 condom variety pack ! You may find , like I did , that you hate 1/3 of these condoms . If you are going to get a variety pack to see what you like , then get a smaller one -LRB- like 5-10 -RRB- . Then buy what you like . Honestly though after using this brand I 'm just going to buy the more expensive Trojans from now -LRB- worth it -RRB- .
 We got the package , but the stuff in it was made in India and Thailand . Was it supposed to be U.N. of condoms ? Why there 's no information in the website?Even more , the manufacturing date printed on those ` Made in Thailand ' can be blurred by hand .
 I bought these to act as easy to carry goulashes , but they did not fit over my shoes . What a total let down . Now I have wet socks . How am I gon na pick up chicks with wet socks?Next time , Im buying the ribbed .
 This product malfunctioned while I was using it . It broke while I was in the act . The girl ended up pregnant . Now I have a child by some girl I met once at a bar . I had total beer goggles too , it was bad . The kid 's cute and I like him , which is like whatever . Sometimes we go to baseball games and stuff , but the dude is expensive . I would strongly suggest using a different condom . The worst part is this is n't the first time its happened . I had this issue with the durez variety pack once before . I was in Vegas and had the same issue . I bought them in large , I figured that would be enough rubber . They are snug , but not unbearably tight . I 'm not sure why they keep breaking . Anyways now because of this product I have two children that I never meant to have . So I would suggest other condoms . The Vegas baby I never met , girl was a friend of friend . Friend found out what happened though , dudes a real bro , never peeped a word about the true identity of the father . The fact is , no matter the outcome of the story , these things should n't be breaking .
 While I 'm Catholic and have to agree with my Church 's condemning of condoms as birth control -- because condoms create a sinful barrier against the sperm fertilizing the egg , as everyone knows sex should be about procreation , not pleasure ! -- even I could n't pass up the remarkable deal Durex offers in this variety pack by the CondomMan !!!! When I go out on the town `` sarging '' with all my liberal PUA -LRB- that 's pick-up artist -RRB- friends , we all like to feel reassurance that Durex has got our collective back , protecting us from unwanted pregnancies women could use to trap us . For clarification , I state I 'm happily married and only accompany my liberal PUA friends -- oh , all right , more like acquaintances from the service sector -LRB- fast-food workers , etc. -RRB- -- when they go out `` sarging '' for moral support.When my liberal friends are shallowly plotting to pick up women in reeking , soulless bars and clubs , at least they can have great piece of mind by knowing Durex fanatically tests their condoms electronically to guarantee no tearing . That way , all my liberal PUA friends can use pick-up lines on girls ; manipulate them into thinking they really like them ; and then finally `` get some '' at the end of the night without worrying about that little thing called pregnancy -LRB- which would cramp my lib PUA friends ' style ! -RRB- , since they look at babies as the unwanted `` side-effect '' of sex.I , on the other hand , am nowhere near as `` cool '' or `` happening '' as my swinging , player , lib friends , so I just use these Durex condoms in a very conservative fashion with my wife , at home . I must confess each time I slip one of these bad boys on -- Durex allows me to choose from Extra Sensitive , Performax , Maximum Love , and Intense Sensation ! -- I 'm consumed with pangs of guilt that my Catholicism imposes . Unobservant or ignorant atheists may not be aware the Catholic Church frowns on condom usage , instead asserting sex should be strictly for making kids.While I wholeheartedly agree with this Catholic teaching , I find that me and the missus , like most Catholic couples , shamelessly ignore this axiom because as the , ahem , kids like to say , `` The spirit is willing , but the flesh is weak . So , I find myself putting on one of these bad boys to ensure the missus does n't leave me ... though not saying our marriage is largely based on sex , you see.Still , perhaps God reminded me I should stop using condoms for hedonistic purposes because just last night , me and my wife experienced a condom-ripping scare with these very Durex condoms which are trickily advertised as `` reliable !!!! '' While simultaneously surrendering to our carnal desires all over each other 's bodies , I started to feel a little bit funny `` down there . '' So after a quick pullout , I was shocked to discover that the Intense Sensation type had indeed torn ; I was not aware that the `` intense sensation '' was due to the absence of a condom . After some finger-pointing , man-blaming and worries about an unplanned pregnancy -- like all those unwed , teen mothers ' -- my wife took a pregnancy test and discovered she was n't pregnant.In conclusion , I 've to say I learned my lesson
 This seemed to make my foot even colder . But that is probably an unfair assessment , since it was so uncomfortable that I could n't wear it for more than ten minutes . It simply added `` and clammy '' to the description of my `` very cold '' feet . My foot might have warmed up later , there in that little straight jacket for feet . I have permacold feet due to chemotherapy , but hand warmers placed between layers of socks are far more comfortable than this . It was also a little annoying to find that I had indeed ordered a `` foot '' warmer , and not `` feet '' warmers . For that price , I kind of expected there would be two . -LRB- But of course , it does say one foot warmer , so that is really my mistake , not Thermoskin 's -RRB- . I like the idea of a specialty item to really warm up cold feet . For me at least , this was not it .
 I have neuropathy due to chemotherapy and my feet always feel cold . I thought these would be a blessing but they really do n't do much better than a good pair of socks and slippers .
 A waste of money and time in our opinion . Lessening of pain results were not as expected .
 I 've used Ultramet Original for many years and am very satisfied with it . I ordered the Low Carb version by accident and , instead of returning it immediately , I decided to try it . BIG MISTAKE . It 's thin , unappealing , and does n't satisfy my appetite after a workout . I do n't recommend it for people who want the same effect that the original formula has .
 Maybe it 's my own fault for expecting a powdered protein shake to taste as good as a ready-to-drink shake . I wanted something I could pack when I travel , but this stuff tastes terrible . Total waste of money . I 'll stick with EAS AdvantEdge low-carb protein supplements .
 This seemed to make my foot even colder . But that is probably an unfair assessment , since it was so uncomfortable that I could n't wear it for more than ten minutes . It simply added `` and clammy '' to the description of my `` very cold '' feet . My foot might have warmed up later , there in that little straight jacket for feet . I have permacold feet due to chemotherapy , but hand warmers placed between layers of socks are far more comfortable than this . It was also a little annoying to find that I had indeed ordered a `` foot '' warmer , and not `` feet '' warmers . For that price , I kind of expected there would be two . -LRB- But of course , it does say one foot warmer , so that is really my mistake , not Thermoskin 's -RRB- . I like the idea of a specialty item to really warm up cold feet . For me at least , this was not it .
 I have neuropathy due to chemotherapy and my feet always feel cold . I thought these would be a blessing but they really do n't do much better than a good pair of socks and slippers .
 Man , this thing has a foul odor . I mean , BAD . I mean , really nauseatingly BAD . I washed it and washed it and it smells BAD.However , over time it does seem to have less odor.I will tell you that unless you have used BIG toys before and you are relaxed and wide enough to begin to take this thing , you may want to buy something smaller . Actually , &#34; may &#34; is not the right word . You SHOULD get something smaller if you have n't used something nearly as BIG as this.I have seen videos online of people who can take the WHOLE THING back there , and that is quite impressive . I ca n't imagine how they are able to do it in one fell swoop . This toy is HUGE and is NOT IN ANY WAY for the beginner.One good thing about it is that the head does n't have that sharp &#34; notch &#34; that a lot of dildos have . So , if you can get this thing started , that may help to ease it in.Be prepared to use a LOT of lube , and note that if you do want to use a condom with it you 'll need like an arm 's length condom if they make such a thing . I 'd be afraid to insert the whole length with a condom in case the condom came off ... the condoms that I know of do n't fit down to the base .
 I got this dildo because I wanted to test my limits of depth . I have dildos that are thicker than this one , so the girth of rambone was not a problem coming in at a mere 7.5 inch circumference . -LRB- I can take up to 9.5 inch dildos no problem -RRB- I got this dildo because of it 's 14 1/2 inches of insertable length ! Sadly , it is so rough , and the veins are so prominent that it HURTS . This dildo is WAY too firm , way too textured , and simply hurts once I get past the sigmoid . Hey , maybe it 's just me , but this thing is impossible for me to sit all the way down on because of how rough it is . I can get about 20inches of dildo in me at 5 - 6 inch circumference , and I can get 8.5 inch thick dildos 10 inches + in me , but this thing wont go in past the 7 or 8 inch mark , I was very disappointed with this buy and hardly use it . I even tried putting a condom on it to make it smoother and it did not help . i tried putting it in scolding hot water to warm it up to make it more flexible , did not help . this thing sits at the bottom of my sex box and hardly ever gets touched .
 Absolutely no effect . The 30tab bottle only serves 15 days as the dosage is 2tabs .
 I HAVE FOUND THIS UNIT READS THE HI SIDE ABOUT TEN POINTSHIGHER ANE THE LOW ALSO HIGHER THEN WHEN I GO TO THE DOCTORES OFFICEI HAD A WRIST MODEL WITH A AIR PUMP IN IT YOU JUST STRAP IT ON YOUR WRIST AND IT WAS THE SAME READIND AS THE DOCTORSREADINGS AND WAS HALF THE PRICE SO THE ONE I RECEIVEDIM NOT A HAPPY CAMPER WITH THE WRIST MODEL AFTER A SHORT TIMEJUST STOPED WORKING BUT FROM THE START THIS ONE NEVER READ THE BLOOD PRESSURE CORRECT DONT BUY IT OR BUY IT THATS UP TO YOU BOY YOU LOOK FOR SMETHING TO HELP YOU THREW LIFEONE WORKS FOR A WHILE AND THE OTHER READS WRONG FROM THE START I WANT A REFUND ON BOTH I JUST ORDERED A THIRD WRISTMODEL -- WHATS ONE TO DO CUT YOUR OWN WRIST
 We ca n't get it to work ? I already threw away the box and do n't know how to return it ? Both my husband and I tried , do n't know if it is defected ?
 I was unable to use this product -LRB- my hands were apparently not strong enough to blow up the bulb -RRB- . I have returned it but have not yet received my refund .
 Omron HEM-432C Manual Inflation Blood Pressure MonitorI get error messages more than a reading . Th error states that the cuff is too loose or to tight . Also the unit read high compared to others . To return it is a pain ans expense . In this case it is better to purchase locally .
 At first it worked great , 6 months later I used it and according to it I should be dead . Reading very by 50 to 60 points in just a few minutes . Also if you have a arm larger than a small child you will have to buy a large cuff . Look elsewhere .
 Through Amazon , I bought an OMRON Brand blood pressure monitor . It simply does n't work . I tried repeatedly to get it to work . Then I took it to my Nurse Practictioner for help . She tried it several times and agreed with me that it does n't work . What should I do ?
 I bought this for my mother 2 years ago and we have n't been able to make it work to-date . Even a medical doctor tried to use this after reading the instructions but it never worked . The pressure in the cuff decreases without making any measurement . Too bad , I needed this to work .
 This shipped in a timely fashion . It has large display numbers which make it easily read.It is easy to operate ... especially if you read the directions and refer to them for error messages.However , I was very disappointed with this product . There was a large discrepency with my doctor ` ssphygmomanometer ; the discrepency increased with time . For a reliable reading , I would not recommendthis unit .
 I 'm very disappointed with this product because my mother , who is a nurse , has compared the measuremets of this item with the manual blood pressure machien she has are so different . We do not have a way to calibrate it or adjust it based onthe device and on a letter the company sent me to my e-mail address . Therefore , we ca n't trust it and it has been wated money so far unless somebody help us with something we have n't done . Then , the purpose of helping my brother keep a record of his blood pressure before he goes to the doctor has been lost .
 System is not properly calibrated . Readings are always high as tried with several people with normal pressure . Can not return to the vendor once open . Manufacturer will look at it if you pay shipping to and back , which is about $ 10.00 . Will not replace the item even if defective.I just bought a piece of junk .
 just a toy , I become high blood pressure by the fluctuated readings , in my doctor office my reading is 122/80 , with this I got readings from 160/95 to 135/80 . The price is cheap so I did n't bother to return it . Do n't waste your money like me .
 I have bought this machine but I have got no service from it . It has not worked . It powers up but when I attempt to take a reading only one figure appears on the screen . It just does not work . I am sending it back to the merchant . In view of this I can not give the product a rating .
 The blood pressure reading is 15 - 20 points higher than normal for myself and my wife .
 All that I can say is that it only gave me a reading in about one of every four or five tries . The four or five tries either displayed a large E -LRB- no explanation in the book -RRB- or two E 's , side by side , which is supposed to indicate that not enough manual pressure had been applied to give a reading . My wife also tried it and got the same results , a reading in about every four or five tries . After having double-checked the instructions many times to see if we were doing anything wrong I called OmRon 's Customer Service . The good news was that I did n't get a Call Center in India . The bad news was that l did n't get a Call Center in India as they are usually very polite and helpful if you can understand what they are saying . The USA gal that I got first questioned me about all of the instructions on how to use the device , which we had both indeed followed from the User 's Manual . Then she asked what brand of battery I was using -LRB- which happened to be the Lowe 's house brand alkaline battery -RRB- which should have nothing at all to do with the problem whatsoever . She then asked if I was frustrated with trying to get the thing to work and I said that I indeed was after a half hour or more of trying . She then advised me that reason the thing was not working was because I was being frustrated by the thing not working . It should be noted that my wife had not been trying as long as I had and had not reached this `` critical degree '' of frustration but was getting the same non-results . By this time , after all of the questions she had been asking and offering no solution to the problem other than I was being frustrated by the device not working she asked `` did I think that she was being rude '' and I answered that she sure was being rude and hung up the phone.After returning the thing to Amazon -LRB- Hooray for Amazon , Boo for Omron -RRB- I went to a local store and purchased a house brand automatic , which turned out to be manufactured by OmRon , and about $ 10 less expensive than a similar OmRon labelled device , and it works as intended.I would have given the HEM-432C a 5 star rating if it had worked , probably a 4 star if OmRon had replaced it with one that worked , but since this option was never offered by the nasty , rude person who did not even offer a replacement unit I rated it one Star and would have made it a Zero Star if there was such a rating .
 This product is awful . Repeatedly registers error . An important health device in our hjouse but completely unreliable . I would like to return it and buy a similar device that works
 I received by Omron Manual Inflation Blood Pressure Monitor on January 12 . The valve near the bulb is broken and will not inflate properly . This item got good reviews , which is why I purchased it . I am now told that I can not return this item for a full refund . I am going to try to send it back to Omron for `` warranty service '' , but I 'm finished with this product .
 Worked fine at first . Then after not using it for a couple of months , I discovered it has just stopped working . The display activates for a second and then goes blank . Have tried it with multiple sets of fresh batteries.The manufacturer 's warranty makes you pay for shipping both to and from the repair department , which is practically half the cost of the unit in the first place , making it seem just not worth it for a product that has a good chance to just fail again.Meanwhile , the construction makes it impossible to open the device up without cracking the plastic case -LRB- which is sure to void your warranty -RRB- , so you 're prevented form trying to repair it yourself . Typical of this sort of unreliable , disposable construction .
 The monitor is a cheaply built machine . All other monitors I 've had male plugs on the ends of the tubes to the bulb and the arm cuff to be inserted into openings in the body of the machine . This has nothing on the ends of the tubes ; they are to be pushed over two nipples on the case and held there by the power of faith . Not only do the tubes leak , causing many error readings , but they fall off when the cuff is unstrapped . Machine sells for a good price but is n't even worth that .
 bought this model to replace one of the self inflating ones purchased 2 weeks before this one . -LRB- not from amazon -RRB- Sent that one back because of overly high andunreliable readings . Based on select reviews about this one , thought this mighthave been a better choice . I have really high BP , so accurate readings beforechanging meds are extremely important to me . After a few days trial with this onei 'm sorry to say the same problem exists . i.e. error readings , and extreme fluctuation of readings . Systolic to high , diastolic to low . Have older modelOmron , that use to be pretty accurate , but due to it 's age -LRB- approx . 10yrs . -RRB- thoughtit should be replaced . But that one is still more accurate than the 432C . Whenyou have HIGH BP , you can not afford to not feel confident of your readings .
 I am very dissatisfied with this product . It does not function as the instructions outline . I tried returning it but the company informed me that it is not returnable . Hard lesson learned . But , I will not purchase anything else from this company .
 I give this item a big ole thumbs down ! It does not give a reading after numerous attempts of squeezing the hand ball . I returned it for a refund . I should have been more cautious from reading the negative customer comments who had similiar experiences .
 I also have a BP760 7 unit.Do yourself a favor and purchase the BP760 7 , it is worth spending the extra $ 25.00 . You get what you pay for !!
 I ended up returning this . I had difficulty pumping the rubber ball . It is useless to me . Consider checking out the product at Bed Bath and Beyond before making a blood pressure monitor .
 i wouldnt suggest this product ... its very clunky and also very slow . i am not a medical person nor used this types of products much . i some how did not like this . .
 The systolic pressure reading would not display , and the hand pump was so difficult to use -LRB- I have some arthritis in my hands -RRB- that trying to deal with it sent my blood pressure soaring !
 The difference between the readings from two different times -LRB- within one hour -RRB- is too much -LRB- i-e 15 -RRB- .
 My wife has high blood pressure . In order to keep close tabs on her problem , our family doctor suggested that we purchase an inexpensive Blood Pressure Monitor and he recommended the Omron HEM-432C unit . This way she could check and record her pressure every day and report the daily results to the doctor every month or so . I checked around and found the best price at Amazon , so I ordered one . It came nicely packed and when my wife used it she was pleased to see her high blood pressure was now in an acceptable range . My wife is a nurse and made sure she read the user instructions carefully . However , both of us were suspicious of these good numbers ... all of a sudden , so we brought the moniter over to our family doctor for a calibration check . Sure enough , it was consistently reading 30 points low when compared with his expensive lab monitor . The doctor was quite annoyed and told us to get rid of this thing immediately . Amazon was made aware of the problem and to their credit they immediately made provisions for a return . I opted to try another one but if the second one is a dud I will be mighty annoyed . A blood pressure monitor is too important an instrument to give faulty readings . This could be a life or death situation if you stop your medication because your blood pressure seems acceptable . Possibly Omron should calibrate the units in the USA after they are shipped in from ... yeh , you guessed it ... China . For now I have to give this particular monitor one star although it deserves a zero star rating .
 I bought this BP monitor for my job as a physical therapist , but so far , out of at least 10 readings I 've taken for my patients , I 've only gotten one proper reading without the `` E '' signal on the screen . I 've read the user 's manual thoroughly , and have tried repeating the usage on each patient as instructed . I am completely disappointed at this product and do not recommend it to anyone . It 's not as intuitive as it says on the product descriptions .
 Unit was returned because its readings were excessively high . The Omron Monitor was taken to the doctor 's office and used by their nurse . It readings were compared against reading 's immediately obtained by the nurse with the doctor 's blood own pressure gauge . The systolic pressure was 26 points higher with the Omron unit and the dyastolic was 6 points higher . Otherwise , its easy to set up and use .
 I have just left the negative feedback below on the Omron site after repeated failures to get any readings at all -LRB- Error code displays -RRB- alternating with readings that are completely wrong -LRB- obviously way too high -RRB-
 Every time I use the product -- 3 out of 4 times I receive an error and have to try it again
 After four months use , I find this monitor gives unpredictable systolic -LRB- upper number -RRB- readings , largely dependent on how much it 's pumped up . It tends to be more repeatable with diastolic -LRB- lower -RRB- numbers . I can , for example , obtain a reading as high as 140/70 or as low as 106/67 , purely by changing my pump-to start pressure . I would recommend another monitor .
 Wish I would have spent the extra money for the self-inflating model this one is really hard to inflate . Other than that no issues
 my previous experience with Omron blood pressure monitors led me to believe that this model would be as convenient to use as my old unit . I find my new unit cumbersome and inefficient .
 The product description stated , `` Manual blood pressure monitor is the simplest way to take blood pressure readings at home . '' So I did not get the self inflating model . I pump the bulb as stated in the directions -LRB- I follow the directions exactly -RRB- . It takes many attempts before I get a reading . And I wait the required time before a new attempt . Even though I do exactly the same thing sometimes I get a EE -LRB- underinflated -RRB- and sometimes I get an E -LRB- overinflated -RRB- . By the time I get a reading I do n't know if I have high blood pressure because I have high blood pressure or because I am totally frustrated .
 I am very disappointed in this product . I didnt have occasion to use it for several weeks and by the time I did , the return window had expired . It registers an error reading every time I use it . I have followed all the proper instructions but to no avail.Unfortunately , I 'm stuck with a defecticve product .
 Product did not work and when I contacted their customer service I was confronted with someone who did not know their product line and only suggestion was to buy a more expensive item in their product line . A typical bait and switch . Product was returned and I was penalized by Amazon receiving a credit of only $ 19.42 on a 22.99 purchase . Not a good transaction
 I had a Lifesource for 3 + years . Had to replace it . Bought this and one other Omron . Have a friend who is a nurse practitioner . She checked the calibration on both Omrons . The readings for both were way off . For this one the systolic was about 15 points too high and the diastolic was about 10 points too high . For the other more expensive Omron both the systolic and the diastolic were about 10 points too high . Bought a Lifesource for about the same price as this one . The readings were about as close as she could get them when compared to professional eguipment .
 I 'm sending this back . We got it because our doctor said the wrist cuffs are not reliable . -LRB- We have a wrist cuff of a different brand . -RRB- However , we 've compared them , and for my mom there is no significant difference
 I purchased this product in the fall from Amazon and my wife and I used it for about three months . We always questioned the readings which seemed to be on the high side for blood pressure but accurate for heart rate . The unit often gave error indications which required a retry . My wife , a nurse , has access to the old style cuff and stethoscope found in many doctor 's offices so we could compare this machine to her readings and to the doctor 's readings . This machine -LRB- HEM-432C -RRB- was always high by at least 10-15 points on both blood pressure values - and I carefully followed the manual in taking the readings.In addition , the cuff , as others have said , is small and we are average size . It 's hard to get around the upper arm even for us -LRB- and somewhat difficult to blow up -RRB- so I have to assume that larger individuals would need the larger cuff , an added expense . Recently , we purchased a new Omron HEM 711AC blood pressure monitor , sold by Amazon , that has an automatic pump , large cuff , an AC adapter and can also work off of AA batteries -LRB- not supplied -RRB- . This new more expensive unit from the same manufacturer works well and the readings are accurate and more consistant with the Doctor 's readings and those performed with using a stethoscope . Although I thought of sending the HEM-432C in for repair we would then still have a cuff that 's really too small so I disposed of it after removing the batteries that had lots of life left in them . The units with automatic inflation of the cuff seem to be the way the industry is going and for many may be worth the added expense .
 My physician approved of this Omron model . The manual pump also saves battery life . My last Omron is 20 years old and still works , but I thought it wise to have a backup and to check one against the other.Just 13 months later this unit is dead , non-functional . I am so disappointed
 I ordered this Manual B/P monitor because of my long familiarity with and long-time use of the mercury sphygmomanometer with its manual bulb for cuff inflation . I read the instructions carefully and followed them exactly . Although I tried many times , the machine never produced any read-out of my blood pressure . I first called Amazon , was referred to manufacturer who referred me to distributor . Result
 Unfortunately , this product di not work and i had to reeturn it to the vendor
 Omron HEM-432C Manual Inflation Blood Pressure MonitorPurchased this on MD 's recommendation . The unit always read high and erratic . Finally did a comp with MD 's office . Yup , high & erratic.Returned it for repair after speaking with Customer Service who indicated that typical service charge was $ 20 . They returned it to me without charge , diagnosing `` Deflation rate test high . Manufacturer can not repair unit . `` Returning a mal-functioning unit is not a satisfactory resolution.Returning a functioning replacement unit for the nominal $ 20 . cost of repair would have been satisfactory . In my experience this is a common policy with other companies.I see now -- too late -- that user comments on their blood pressure monitors largely contradict the high ratings given to Omron monitors by consumer and professional agencies . Something is seriously out of whack here.I would say that they can ill-afford treating consumers in this way .
 I am having blood pressure problems . I bought this monitor to check my pressure daily . It was grossly different -LRB- in a negative way -RRB- from the reading my doctor got when checking my pressure . The monitor gave me a false sense of accuracy whcih could have been life threatening for me .
 convenient and works very smoothly but i can take 3 different blood pressures consecutively & get 3 decidedly different results which makes me question the accuracy of this unit .
 While this product seems to give accurate results , it requires a second person to place the cuff properly . After trying dozens of times to secure the cuff in the position described in the manual -LRB- 1/2 above elbow with arrow pointing towards the middle finger -RRB- I finally had to call a friend to come over and do it for me.Since this is not practical I am returning the item .
 I do not remember purchasing this product . If I did I must not have liked it because I now use a wrist monitor .
 I just could n't get my monitor to register my bloodpressure . Every time I tried , it kept coding that I was moving which was incorrect . Thankfully , Amazon has a terrific return policy .
 We bought this `` large cuff '' blood pressure monitor for use by my wife who has heavy arms . It caused her too much pain upon use . We were unable to take her blood pressure with it . It seemed to work fine on me , but I did n't need the monitor .
 It 's just big enough to be difficult to pack when I travel . And it 's terribly inaccurate . If you buy this , ** BE SURE ** to check it against your doctor 's BP cuff . The Omron consistently shows my lower pressure 10-15 points HIGHER than my doctor 's .
 This BPM is very hard to use . You have to have the cuff in the exact right place on your arm to get a reading . If not , you will get an error . Of course , you do n't know you 're going to get an error until you 've sat there , perfectly still , for a few minutes , only to find out at the end that it did n't work - frustrating . I 've gotten more errors than accurate readings , and I 've quit using it all together . I 've tried to place the cuff on my own arm , and my husband has also placed it for me , with great care and diligence . I 'm 41 , and not restricted health-wise in any manner - I can only imagine how frustrating it would be for someone elderly or health-impaired . I ca n't recommend it to anyone , based on my experiences .
 Alas , this reports a bp of 160/100 when checked at the same time by my doctor at 130/75 2 second later -LRB- tried each twice -RRB- . I had assumed I was just putting the cuff on wrong or that my blood pressure was simply higher than at my last doctor 's visit . So the good news is that my BP is not too bad ; the bad news is that by not acting promptly I am out the purchase price . A shame because this was the model my doctor recommended . I note that i need the large cuff ; compared to the cuff in the doctor 's office , this one is bigger and bulkier , but it is unclear if that is the problem . Perhaps I just got a lemon .
 This monitor worked great for the first few years . When it stopped working I called the manufacturer and they told me it was probably the cuff . I bought a cuff and unit still does n't work . I know nothing last forever but I 've taken immaculate care of this unit . It was rarely even used , maybe I did n't use it enough ??? I do n't know , all I would advise is be sure to REGISTER YOUR PRODUCT WITH OMRON AND KEEP UP WITH THE WARRANTY INFO . Paying $ 60 for something that only works for 3-4 years is just a little frustrating for me personally but this is the brand that was recommended by my doctor .
 I do n't recommend buying this blood pressure moniter . I returned the one I purchased . The monitor displayed an error code even after following all directions to correct the problem .
 I purchased this item in mid September . It stopped working in December . I had hoped that it would last longer than 3 months , but it did n't !!!!!
 I bought this because my arm is right on the edge of the size they say for the small cuff , being 13 '' . I have the 711 , and it is very inaccurate , as much as a 40/20 change WITHOUT MOVING THE CUFF , so I though perhaps the larger cuff on the 712 would work better . Nope , it is just as inaccurate , so I have no idea of how one is supposed to get reliable readings of bp short of going to the doctors . I am not buying another Omron , no matter what.Best Regards ,
 The product is giving varied results each time you are checking your Blood Pressure . Also , the adaptor is not working , so I had to purchase a new one.Think twice before purchasing this product .
 blood pressure monitor has 4 aa batteries and i have to put new batteries in unit every 2 weeks they go dead i have to check my blood pressure about every 3 days for the rest of my life a lot of batteries i 'll have to use also i have to take it to my doctor 's office and compare it with their monitor
 this product was used versus new so i returned it and costi me twelve dollars expense for nothing . So I have refrain myself ordering from amazon because is turning to be ebay . thanks
 they always keep the item description wrong and i had to order this product looking at the description as BP monitor , but i received only large cuff and i had to return it and whole refund process took me around 6 weeks . actually my freind was leaving to my country taking this one due to their wrongful description i didnot send this item.make sure with the seller before you buy a product from this seller as they always keep the item description wrong . .
 The estimate delivery date was Jun 15 , it is now delayed July 20 2009 - August 10 2009 . Would someone tell me what does the `` IN STOCK '' mean on the product page ? If you are expecting using this blood pressure monitor in the near future , think twice .
 I needed a big cuff so I was excited about this product . I get it , put it on , turn it on and poof , my blood pressure is OUT OF CONTROL . I brought it to the Dr 's office to have them test my blood pressure manually then with this machine . It was 30 points off , taken 3 different times on different days . I am not satisfied with this product , returning it as soon as I can and would discourage you from buying it . There are other big cuff products to purchase , pay a little more and get one that you can trust .
 This machine has consistenly registered my BP at much higher levels than my doctor 's monitor . I was concerned that my blood pressure medicine was not working , as every reading I took was around 145/100 . So , I took the Omron machine with me to my most recent doctor visit and had the doctor take her readings and then the Omron 's readings . The doctor 's readings were 130/85 , in both arms , where the Omron was still showing 140ish/100 . So , my doctor took readings from both arms again with her monitor , and still got 130/85 . I have n't used the Omron since . It 's junk .
 I do n't get the ` twisted ' part of these , all i saw was a thicker end that was shaped a little funny , more like some kind of manufacturing error , plain condoms feel better than these do-they do n't have a thick end to dull sensations , I 'd rather get the ` pleasure mesh ' or ` her pleasure ' by trojan , those you can actually see and really feel the textureThis review may only legally be shown directly on Amazon.com
 I bought the Omron BP monitor based on my doctors office recomendation for this brand . I had been using a very old Sunbeam BP monitor with built-in printer and loved it but my doctors office put it up against theirs and noted it was n't getting the same numbers claiming mine needed replacement . So I found the Omron HEM-705CP which has a separate printer provided . Also because of the large circumferance of my arms I separately ordered the Omron H-003D large cuff . I think Amazon should offer the option to order which ever size cuff needed at the same time as the monitor is purchased . I feel the separate printer provided is not nearly as convenient as having it built in . Also I thought it was inconvenient to have to go to a different vendor for the large cuff . To make matters worse not only is the cuff longer as it should be but it 's also wider which in my case is a problem . The distance between my under arm and my elbow is shorter then the width of the cuff so the cuff goes under my arm and past my elbow . Besides this problem it is the usual velcro arrangement and because of the subsequent poor fit I either have to ask my wife to help put the cuff on or lately I have managed to leave the velcro attached in the same position and just slide it on and off without detaching the velcro each time . it 's awkward . I 'm sure the large cuff fits properly on people with a larger frame . Mt doctors office has seen how this fits and thinks it best if my wife helps me with the cuff each time . This is not always an option . Thank you doctors office for the Omron recomendation ! lol
 This thing will never give you the same reading twice . You can take 20 different readings -LRB- within a few minutes -RRB- and get 20 significantly different results . In addition , the printer is flimsy and difficult to use . I purchased this to keep a printed file . What a mistake !
 My Husband needs to track his bp and Chol as we are well over 40 + . He is having a mid-life whatever and is back into `` body building again '' but his bp is high normal . I can not find a cuff to fit his 20 '' relaxed upper arm . This one is a max of 13 '' . Hello ?!?! Men are bigger and biceps are larger than women ! Make something for the men . Useless to me did not order for my husband . I have been looking and did a search and this is the best of a google search ? I have to go back to the med stores for this and look for one . Men 's arms are LARGER with more muscle mass , Hello ? Just thought I could save a few $ $ $ $ . Note the other great reviews were for women , not men !!!
 I spent over an hour looking at various review of automated `` home '' digital sphygmomanometers . I have been suspicious of the accuracy of a system that does not use a calibrated microphone or stethoscope , but figured I would give some of these automated devices a try . Based upon reviews here and several other sites , I narrowed my selection to this Omron HEM-780-N3 , and theLifeSource UA-853LAC Premium Digital Blood Pressure Monitor with Large Cuff.Before writing this review , I just finished processing my Omron return back to Amazon , and ordered the UA-853LAC which I 'm currently testing from a different source . I consider this Omron to be a dangerous product , as it dramatically underreports systolic , and to a lesser degree , diastolic readings . Perhaps it is a problem with my particular unit , but that also reflects badly on their quality review , testing , and calibration process . There was no obvious trauma to the box from shipping . I have no connections to any medical device company or products.I tested this Omron HEM-780-N3 against a mercury sphygmomanometer using a Littman Cardiology Stethoscope , and also with a portable dopler ultrasound to measure systolic flow of radial artery at the volar aspect of the wrist . Multiple measurements were made on several occasions , bilaterally , and in 4 different people . Most tests were done simultaneously against mercury sphygmomanometers using proper cuff size and correct antecubital alignment on opposite arm , then both cuffs reversed and repeated.This Omron model consistently underreports systolic readings -- giving 20-35 mm Hg lower , and diastolic measurements that are 10-15 mm Hg lower that reality . Again , I consider this dangerous because it will mislead people into believing their hypertension is controlled , when in reality it is not!My preliminary testing of the Lifesource model is much more accurate , but need to do similar protocols with more people on multiple occasions , then will post a similar review on that product page . Most people will not have the training , capabilities , or background to know how to validate the accuracy of their purchased blood pressure device . At the very least , a person needs to take any device they are using with them into their doctor 's office , and compare its measurements on one arm , while a trained professional is taking a reliable reading on the other arm . If they have time , then reverse arms and repeat.BEWARE of this model !!!
 I am a slender woman 115lbs. , the spring cuff is difficult to hold tightly enough to secure a fit capable of reading my blood pressure taking it on my own . IT IS A STRUGGLE TO TAKE ON MY OWN , the loose cuff is the only way for me to secure a tight enough fit to take my blood preesure , not this SPRING CUFF . Seriously , for all you single slim people this is not the cuff for you & I have tried to find the old model cuff for this model unit & CAN NOT ; I do not think they make a different cuff for this unit . One might as well throw the $ 100 & some $ 's away if one is a small individual . Your blood pressure will only increase while attempting to take !
 I bought this unit specifically to monitor my wife 's low blood pressure . Despite an advertised sensitivity of 0 to 299 mmHg , the unit was not able to detect pressures below 90/60 . I am a nurse and I easily measured an 82/44 pressure with a standard sphygmomanometer -LRB- BP cuff -RRB- and stethoscope . Initially , the unit worked fine for reading my normal BP and the wife 's when her pressure was up , but in just two days , would fail to inflate properly and when it would work , give error messages or questionable readings .
 Unit arrived and would not take my blood pressure . It was represented as being made in Japan but had a `` Made in China label '' . I would not have ordered it at all if I had known this in advance .
 I ordered the product , paying extra for a 1-2 day delivery . It never arrived . After 6-7 days , I cancelled the order . That 's never happened with Amazon before ! I am really disappointed.Neal
 Do not buy from Amazon . I got the product yesterday and when I opened the package , the instrument had scratches and clearly an used item . When I called the customer service , they did not care about sending an used item and finally I have to return the product . Amazon is shipping the used product for the second time -LRB- once for the Plantronics Voyager 510 bluetooth headset -RRB- . I cancelled my Amazon Prime membership but they deducted the $ 20 from membership fee . Beware if you buy any product from Amazon .
 I bought this machine at my local supermarket pharmacy . Before I left I knew I wanted to test it so I tried the supermarket bp kit -LRB- where you sit down at a table and the cush inflates and reads for you -RRB- . My pressure was 146/90 and my heart rate was 90high for me - I 'm usually lower in bp and my heart rate has a hard time pushing 60 . But I was stressed . I asked if I could try the Omron HEM-780 and used the adapter plugged into a socket by one of the tables in the store . It was within 5 minutes of the testing from the store 's machine . The Omnron read me at 118/70 with a heart rate of 72 . Wrong ! I got back up and went right back over to the machine , and again I got 143/88 and this time the pulse was 92 ... One more time I tried the Omron on my right arm -LRB- afer following the instructions for right arm fitting -RRB- and this time it said 123/88 pulse 67 . So off ! I did n't even bother to cart it out the store !
 The actual unit received is not the unit shown in the picture but an older model . The unit looks nicely made and seems to work well at a good price.The seller claims that the problem is an Amazon System problem and not his fault . He refunded my purchase price after 3 emails .
 Blood pressure and pulse readings are inaccurate and are not consistant with the readings at the doctor 's office . The blood pressure readings were off by 40 to 50 mmHg and pulse readings were all over the place as compared to manual readings.Very disappointed .
 Beware the cuff on this bp monitor , it does not fit a small arm and is useless unless a big arm is available.Also I thought I was buying from Amazon but found it was shipped by HRM which charges a hefty return fee so after returning it I will be out almost $ 20.00 for nothing except problems . Amazon has a better reputation then this as I buy a lot from them .
 I have been having problems with the unit flashing error all along but now it is `` hovering '' which means that it flutters back and forth between 2 numbers and your arm slowly turns blue . I went through a test with the CS agent and she says that it is faulty . I need to send it back and get it repaired . As with other people they said the cuff only lasts about a year - 18 months , I have not had it 10 months . They seem to expect to repair them and I am questioning the results that I have been getting , the doctor is always lower . I will pay the shipping to have this repaired , will never buy another one and will look for a manual one .
 I have found this cuff to be very difficult to put on properly causing device to give to many errors
 I bought this model based on the great reviews it has received , but my experience has been completely different . The form factor and usability are fine , but the unit regularly `` under-inflates '' the cuff and thus fails to give a reading . Even when it does give a reading , the systolic is consistently 10 + mmHg LOWER than readings taken with equipment at local pharmacies or at my doc 's office . I 'm wondering if my arm is perhaps a bit on the skinny side for the cuff included with the unit.Since the inaccurracies are at least consistent , it is usable for tracking whether your BP is changing , but for getting real numbers that you can trust this unit does n't meet my needs at all .
 Hi , This Omron BP monitor is showing incorrect results . When compared with Mercury BP monitor there is difference of around 30 . This means this instrument is showing reading 30 more than mercury monitor.I am disappointed with this BP monitor as this is not going to serve the purpose for which I bought.Unfortunately I have travelled out of United States otherwise I could have returned this instrument instantly.RegardsDeepak
 MY MONITOR SEEMS TO BE CALIBRATED TO READ TOO LOW . I AM A REGISTERED NURSE , SO I KNOW HOWTO TAKE A BLOOD PRESSURE , BUT WHEN I TAKE MY BLOOD PRESSURE WITH THE AUTOMATIC MONITORIT IS CONSISTANTLY APP . 20 POINTS LOWER THAN WHEN I TAKE MY BLOOD PRESSURE WITH MY MANUALBLOOD PRESSURE CUFF . I HAVE TRIED CALLING THE PHONE NUMBER ON THE INSTRUCTION SHEET FOUNDIN THE BOX MY MONITOR CAME IN . I EVEN WENT ON-LINE , BUT I WAS NEVER ABLE TO TALK TO ANYONE.ALL I WAS ABLE TO GET WAS A RECORDING . I HAVE JUST GONE BACK TO USING MY MANUAL CUFF ANDSTETHOSCOPE .
 The velcro band does n't work if you alone are planning to tighten it to take your pressure . First the design does n't work prototypically . It is a hard formed half band with a huge velcro strap and there is no way to tighten it to get the automatic meter to go beyond 148 starting out.If my pressure is over that amount I would never know . Sorry that I did n't know I need someone to make it tight on my arm everytime to get an accurate reading . All I get are really low readings . I have tried to lean against the wall to secure it tighter but it does n't really work either . Buy the one with the metal loop you can tighten.Omron HEM-780 Automatic Blood Pressure Monitor with ComFit Cuff
 This model of BP machine by Omron has a flaw . I ordered it , had to return it for a replacement of the same style . It did not work . The same style form a local drug store did not work either . I ended up purchsing a different model from Omron that works fine . It seems to be the ones with the blue round connector plug that do not allow the pressure to build up enough in the monitor to get a reading at all . I would not recommend this model . Omron , otherwise , has a great line of products .
 Not impressed . It is accurate enough but the air hose is far too short and the cuff is very difficult to get on tight enough so that it does not error out . I do not recommend this unit to somebody trying to take their own BP .
 It 's got so many good things going for it that I was disappointed when we checked it against my doctor 's reading in his office . It read 10 to 15 points high . So I ordered a replacement . Unfortunately , same thing .
 I do not recommend . Cuff is clumsy and awkward to use compared to other Omron cuffs . Readings are inconsistent .
 I bought this for my husband because it was recommended by People 's Pharmacy as being the best to buy . It says that it will definitely work on large arms . His arm measurement is 2 '' less than that limit so I thought for sure it would be fine . We 've tried and tried to get it to work on him . He called Omron and they said it has been a problem with larger arms that have defined biceps . We are having a problem now getting a refund from Omron because they say that we bought it from Amazon and we need to go to them . Amazon wo n't help at all because it was opened and also it 's been more than 30 days . We had two family funerals to go to in another state after we bought it so we did n't have time within the 30 day limit to test it . I also thought the good warranty on it would be honored . DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT FROM AMAZON OR OMRON if your arm is at all large or muscular .
 This unit started out fine , apparently . However after 5 months of sparse use , it is now grossly inaccurate -LRB- about 40 % higher on systolic readings , 15 % higher on diastolic -RRB- . My doctor says that the manual-inflate models are a much better bet . While Omron 's customer service people admit that this unit is malfunctioning , they wo n't exchange it for a much-less-expensive model and referred me back to Amazon for help in getting a refund . They were quite argumentative on the phone about what they could and could n't do.They did offer to replace the cuff , which they said was probably faulty , and only is `` good for about a year and a half '' . That 's astounding ! Does that mean in order to maintain accuracy , a customer should replace the cuff every 18 months ? I would NOT buy this unit again , and wish I 'd purchased something simpler and probably more reliable in the first place .
 My blood pressure escalated these past few months and my doctor required that I start taking home blood pressure measurements . I went online to research what type of device I should purchase . I found that the arm cuffs were suppose to be the most accurate , and also that Omron was right up there for some of the best devices made . I chose the Omron HEM-780N3 for the comfit automatic cuff as well as the opportunity to keep track of the daily readings for both AM & PM . What I wish I had known was how inaccurate this product would be . My blood pressure readings were all over the place . I took it with me to the clinic to test for accuracy . My readings in both arms with the clinic cuffs were fairly stable when done multiple times . When we tested it against the Omron cuff in both arms , the readings were 15-20 points higher with the Omron . It is an easy device to use , but if you purchase it make sure that you get it checked against your clinic readings so you have a better understanding of what your blood pressure actually is .
 I do not like the cuff . It is not easy to use and does not seem to fit my arm correctly . It is supposed to be my size . If I were you , I would not buy this product . I am very disapointed !
 I ordered this monitor because of ratings in Consumer Reports and my Dr. 's advice . With the batteries only my pressure was showing very strange numbers so I took it with me to my Dr. She plugged it in rather than rely on batteries , and it was better but subsequent readings were all over the place and it also indicated peculiar heart rates . I took it in again because I had recently changed medication and wanted a correct reading and again it was all over the place so I 'm returning it on her advice . She put the cuff on me herself more than once . I had n't saved the receipt nor the box but Amazon is great about returns .
 Unfortunately , this monitor was 30 to 40 points higher than my blood pressure reading at drugstores and my doctor 's office . Also , the pressure on my arm was so tight that it left welts even though the size of my upper arm was well within the size range .
 I have been keeping check of my blood pressure with an old fashioned mannual unit for years , so when my systolic and diastolic readings were consistantly 10 points lower with the new unit than with my old unit , and with my doctor 's readings , I was suspicious . I then went to a drug store and purchased a new manual unit , and it 's readings were consistant with my old manual unit . I returned the Omron unit to Amazon and requested a refund .
 I ordered this BP monitor knowing Omron was a good company . The cuff that came with it does not fit properly on your arm and is very difficult to put on by yourself . I contacted OnlineSupplier for help and they recommended that I buy a different cuff and told me which one to buy . So I bought the cuff recommended by OnlineSupplier and it does not go with the 780 BP unit at all . Online Supplier refuses to respond to my complaints . So I am stuck with a unit I can not use and a new cuff I can not use . I had to resort to buying a completely different unit from a different supplier since I can not trust Online Supplier to correct any problems .
 I bought this product from amazon.com . The only way to know the unit is giving an accurate reading it to take it to a doctor and campare the reading with the doctor 's blood pressure monitor every few month ! Both for me and my wife we found our blood pressue reading is not matching with our doctor 's reading . You might think your blood pressure is okay and you are healthy according to this machine but in reality you are suffering from high blood pressure or low blood presuure . So due to this machine you may end up with a serious untreated heart problem . Never rely on this blood pressure monitor .
 It 's readings were all over the board . It showed lower than average blood pressure readings when in fact , when checked at the fire department my blood pressure was very high .
 I bought this item because of it 's Great reviews of easy use and accuracy . I am not sure of its accuracy , yet . But it is certainly not easy to use . Both my wife and I use it and we have to help each outer put it on . They say it has a `` Comfit Cuff '' It is anything but comfortable or easy to use . I will continue to try to use it , but if I had it to do over , I would not buy this BP Monitor .
 Initially , this unit was accurate . After gentle use three times a week , for several months , it has become wildly inaccurate , showing systolic readings approximately 30-35 points higher than actual , and diastolic 10-15 points higher than actual .
 Omron HEM-780 Automatic Blood Pressure Monitor with ComFit CuffI have had this unit for less than a month and have yet to get an accurate reading . I used it in the guest mode.I continually get readings in the range of 144/76 to 149/79 20 % above my normal range . I belong to the cardiac rehab . unit at Northwest Hosp . in Arlington Hts . IL . and frequently have live BP tests . They range from 127/62 to 132/64 . One live BP check of 120/60 was followed by your Omron check of 145/78 . I 've given up using the Omron unit and have gone back to my Lumiscope BP unit which is over 15 years old but much more accurate than the Omron which I find totally useless.I appreciate your asking my opinion . Can you advise me how to return the Omron ?
 I have had this paper weight for 5 months now . I can not get it to read me more than once or twice a month.For the first few weeks I literally tried 25-30 times a night because I was assured it was a good one.I searched the internet for clues . I emailed the company with no replies.I reposition the cuff over and over and over to no avail . I still try an average of ten times a night now because I am supposed to monitor morning afternoon and evening . Most days I get nothing but errors.The pharmacy wo n't take it back but they could n't get it to read me either . We opened three other boxes there with the same results .
 I sent in my unit for recalibration for the second time in three years last week and the unit came back with a good bill of health , but the cuff was shot . -LRB- The first time the unit was out of calibration a little -RRB- . You need to replace the cuff every 12 months if you use it twice a day , and every 18 months if you use it less -LRB- about $ 30 w/shipping -RRB- . When I send the unit in for calibration , I send it 2-day express with the required five dollars , but they only send it back on ground transportation . What good is that ? - way too slow . They need need to have an extra-cost option to send it back 2-day express for an extra fee.I have to go to the drug store day and night now due to this inconvenience . Their Customer Service wants me to buy another one of their units as a backup while the first one is in the mail . What a way to sell more product!It 's a very good unit , but it needs to be downgraded because of the slow return shipping .
 I bought an Omron BP monitor last year for my parents and it was good . So I bought this for myself but give high variable results .
 I 've found this unit difficult to use . Flashes E about 2 out of 5 times . Cuff is difficult to place in the proper position on either arm . It consistently registers 14 - 20 difference from Dr. 's office monitor . Comparisons were made in the Dr.s office and under her supervision . Even though Consumer Reports has it highly rated I did not find it accurate or easy to use . Would that it were not so . However , it is what it is .
 After seeing the hundreds of positive reviews for this product , I just had to add my two cents . I do n't mistrust that people have had good experiences with this machine , but I can definitely say it is not working at all in my situation . I bought this product in early April for my Mom who had had a heart attack . Needless to say , it 's now pretty crucial for her that she monitor her BP . Well , I do n't know if this cuff was made for people who are very tall and wide or something , but the cuff is far too huge and loose for a thin woman who is only 5 ' 2 '' . Even when you pull the cuff as tightly as possible , it 's still barely squeezes you and the cuff is so long/tall , it covers almost her entire upper arm . I do n't know if this is why it does not read her BP accurately , but either way - it 's almost always between 10-30 points lower than reality . In fact , it consistently reads my BP between 80 over 60 to 70 over 50 !! We have taken it into two different Dr.s ' offices who had confirmed that the monitor indeed reads very low and inaccurately . This is seriously disappointing as money does not grow on trees for us and we 're out $ 70 for a machine that does nothing to help prevent further heart troubles for my Mom.On top of that , I apparently unable to return it.Just had to let people know this is not always the machine that 800 positive reviews would have you think it is !
 Omron HEM-780 Automatic Blood Pressure Monitor with ComFit CuffI was very disappointed with thia item , which did not perform as expected.The cuff was difficult to apply by one person , without assistance.When it was correctly applied , following instructions , it either failed to inflate properly and gave an error reading or it over-inflated -LRB- very painfully -RRB- and gave very high incorrect readings . I had these readings checke for comparison by a professional.Professionals must have their monitors checked and corrected frequently foraccuracy . As a casual user , I had no facilites to perform this function.I have returned the monitor for refund.Margaret Corder3271 Samuel RoadAkron , Ohio , 44312
 This was a huge waste of money . I brought it in to my doctor 's office for calibration . It was at least 10 points off from my actual reading . -LRB- I have high normal BP -RRB- My doctor was surprised because she said she recommends those . I ended up buying a regular manual unit and find that I get far better accurate results . This morning the Omron measured by BP at 84/64 . Cripes , I should be comatose !!
 I have read the many positive reviews , but the machine that I received was completely inaccurate . I know this because shortly after receiving it I went to my doctor 's office and compared the reading on this machine with the reading he obtained using professional equipment . I know that blood pressure varies with each reading , but with readings just 10 minutes apart the results were not even close.I returned the unit , and rather than get another one , am going to try something else . I urge anyone who buys this or any other blood pressure unit to go to your doctor and have it tested by comparing the results of this unit with the results of your doctor 's equipment . Of course the numbers wo n't match , but if the readings are way off , then using this unit will either give you a false sense of security or a false sense of alarm -- or in my case both because of the two numbers , the machine listed one as way too high and the other as way too low . So again , make sure your doctor tests this unit for you .
 Product does not work well , drops out intermittently while taking readings and you have to try several times to make sure you have a normal or close to normal reading . Will probable return it .
 This blood pressure monitor did n't work for me . The measurements I get are much higher than those I get in my doctor 's office so I have to believe that it 's not accurate .
 I bought this based on all the great reviews here and I just would n't buy it again . I 'm not getting readings even close to that of the dr. I 've brought mine in to the internist as well as the cardiologist and it 's typically higher for both systolic and diastolic than the dr readings . I gave it 2 stars because it 's better than nothing and I ca n't return it now .
 We purchased this particular model at the advice of our physician . She told us that we needed to bring it in upon receipt to have it calibrated . When we did so , we were told that it was 30 points off and the reliability of this particular unit was so poor that we should return it immediately . We did so at her recommendation and the vendor was prompt in sending an RMA to us for return . The cuff fit and the directions were adequate , but for the accuracy to be so poor , we do n't recommend this model !
 This blood pressure monitor worked well for 6 months until the cuff lost its elasticity making it impossible to tighten it securely enough . Now all I get is an error message when it tries to inflate
 THE COMFIT CUFF DOES NOT FIT PEOPLE WITH A SMALLER ARM . I HAVE TO HOLD THE CUFF WITH MY FINGER WHILE IT INFLATES OR IT STOPS AND SAYS THE CUFF IS TO LOOSE . THEY SHOULD OFFER DIFFERENT SIZE CUFFS , AS ONE SIZE DOES NOT FIT ALL . I SENT AN E-MAIL TO THE COMPANY A FEW DAYS AGO , BUT HAVE NOT RECEIVED AN ANSWER TO MY REQUEST . I WOULD NOT RECOMEND THIS PRODUCT .
 Omron rates zero on customer service . The product I received was not calibrated properly , and after taking it to my doctor to try to figure it out , and after talking with Omron customer service , the conclusion was that it was defective and should be returned.Now here 's catch . Omron would not replace the defective product with a new one , but insisted that I send the defective one back to them for repair at my own expense , and furthermore that I had to enclose a check for $ 5 to cover the shipment back to me.This is my and my doctor 's -LRB- he originally recommended the product and that will probably be his last recommendation for this product -RRB- first experience with such poor service on a product purchased via the internet.Georgette Litten
 Returned it after two days . Cuff very difficult to put on , readings much higher than in my doctor 's office and also inconsistent . Certainly would not recommend it despite it getting good reviews in consumer magazines ! Had an older Omron for years and it was great but I wanted to update for more modern features . Ca n't believe how different this one is in terms of usability.Purchased from Amazon and they were really great and easy to work with about my returning it to them .
 I purchased this cuff 8/08 after much research , approx 3 mo ago my BP was very high in the Dr 's office.He would n't change or add meds until my cuff was checked in the office . When checked the numbers were 20 points off . My Nephrologist relies on my home numbers as my numbers are normal at home . I had been to a Cardiologist approx 1 mo prior to this appt & gave him 6 mo of BP 's . Due to the numbers he stopped 2 BP meds . After this experience I had to explain the changes to him that occurred . I was so upset as I thgt I 'd purchased the best on the market . I called Omron & repr really questioned the validity of my complaint . I need to add I am an RN . She asked
 I was using this casually and was happy with the features and apparent high quality . It showed my pressure a bit high , which is what I expected . Sometimes it would provide a wildly wrong reading . Then I took it to my doctor to compare to his `` live '' measurements . Well , the monitor was way off . Doctor was telling me 122/82 and the monitor was 130/95 . We tried it several times and each time it was wildly different . So now I am very disappointed because I ca n't rely on it . What use is it ? My advice
 I bought this unit because I thought my trusty HoMedics unit might be off , but it was a big mistake . First off , the cuff DOES NOT fit your arm properly . There 's no way to get leverage to pull it taut . To do it the way they suggest you need a third arm . Secondly , it fits so loose that half the time it does n't inflate properly and the readings vary off the chart . I went right back to my other unit and learned to appreciate it . The Omron heart rate readings were astronomically incorrect . Stay away from this product .
 This unit was compared to a routine manual unit in a physician 's office . The Omron unit consistently recorded the systolic BP about 40 mm BELOW actual level and recorded diastolic BP about 15 mm below the actual level.I would not recommend this unit and will not purchase again.RVCHilton Head Island , SC
 This blood pressure meter is totally inaccurate . I am a physician.I checked my own blood pressure and the readings were completely inaccurate and were fluctuating wildly . Mostly the readings were way too low . I checked the blood pressure of a few other people with similar bad results . I went to the hospital to double-check with a calibrated blood pressure meter . The reading of the Omron HEM-780 were completely off . I has chosen this blood pressure meter based on good reviews including a few from physicians but was very disappointed to see that this meter does not work correctly.I am returning it .
 This brand new monitor fails to inflate the cuff about every second time I try to use it . The cause is a loss of air pressure at the unit 's compressed air fitting . If I press in on that fitting , the cuff is able to inflate.This is a type of thing I 'm seeing a lot of these days . The functional design of the product seems good . The digital features are useful . On the other hand , the physical execution of this good design is very bad.The compressed air to inflate the cuff comes from the main unit through a hose . Since any loss of air pressure would make the whole monitor malfunction , you would think the fitting where the hose connects to the body of the main unit would be sturdy , would n't you?Nope . It 's all plastic . And in addition there 's no way to connect the fitting securely -LRB- such as screwing it on -RRB- . You simply press a plastic proturbance on the end of the hose into a plastic hole in the side of the main unit . Only the plastic-to-plastic friction keeps that thing plugged in , and friction is the only thing that operates to keep the fitting air-tight . I 've never seen a compressed air fitting that was n't made of metal ! Even the ends of the valve stems on your car tires are metal . Apparently the makers of this monitor decided to save a few pennies by not paying for a metal fitting . In the absence of one , even if the product works well initially , unlike mine , as that plastic connection wears down over time inflation failures are likely to become common.This is a product designed to be pretty and to sell well . It is not made to last .
 I just recently received this blood pressure monitor and sent it back for a refund . It looked really nice so I was excited to try it . I have been having pre-hypertension/hypertension lately so I wanted something to monitor my levels . I have a manual BP cuff and have my husband test it normally but he is n't always around when I need it checked . I was getting readings of 100/60 , 115/70 , etc. . My readings are usually 135/90 , 132/88 , etc. . Big difference ! I read the manual cover to cover and I was doing everything right . I went online to send it back and Amazon made it very easy . I just filled out a little form and sent it back . Even though the cuff did n't work right Amazon came through as always with great customer service .
 Ton 's of bells and whistles but the comfit sleeveis anything but comfortable -- it lacks velcro -- you can not get an accurate reading unless you have huge arms and are extremely fat in the forearm -- this is a BAD design for a sophisticated machine ... plus because the sleeve is so messed up there 's no way of knowing if the reading 's you are getting are accurate -- BAD BAD sleeve design !
 I have tried to use this machine and get error messages ... called the service people and they said to make sure the cuff is snugly applied o the arm which means doing some special `` gymnastics '' of getting the end under the rest of the cuff which is sooooo cumbersome ! and not always possible . I called the company angain and all I get was something that can be interpreted as `` tough '' ! Stilll looking for a good machine ... BTW their wrist model has much lower readings than the arm model ... what to do ?????
 I had to return this product because it was giving wrong readings , both systolic and dystolic reading were off by +20 mHg . This was verified by two doctors office visits . I called OMRON to JUST REPLACE IT but they gave me hard time and asked me to do several steps to reverify the readings . I was fortunate to have this unit bought thru AMAZON . It was very easy prepaid return process if returned within a specified time . I bought OMRON because doctors recommendations . I think OMRON should have replaced it without questions as long as it was under warranty and specially only 3 weeks old unit .
 I am highly disappointed with this product . I tried several times , but the readings are different every time I check . I feel like I wasted my money . I would NOT recommend this product to anyone .
 this product is simply amazing as I ordered it in the year 2007 and still have not received it
 Omron HEM-780 Automatic Blood Pressure Monitor with ComFit CuffThe readings were inaccurate - much higher than in actuality . We compared to 2 different doctors who used a sphygomometer . There is no point in buying this if you can not depend on the readings .
 Highly inaccurate . I checked it at my doctor 's office and the readings were 20-30 points high on both BP numbers on this unit . Do n't buy this unit .
 This bp monitor gave very erratic and high readings from the start . Side by side with another model there was a noticeable and alarming difference . I have returned the monitor for a refund .
 The Monitor is easy to use but does not read correctly . I have checked the readings several times with different doctors because the readings are high enough to alarm me . The readings by the doctors say that my blood pressure is in the normal range.I am going to return this cuff as it of no use .
 The actual unit received is not the unit shown in the picture but an older model . The unit looks nicely made and seems to work well at a good price.But I find the practice of shipping a unit different from the one shown both deceptive and unethical .
 This is an excellent machine IF you have someone else to help you put the cuff on . Machine will not work unless the cuff is tight . With the very stiff cuff ; the more you pull to tighten it the more it just slips around your arm . You MUST have someone hold it still while you pull it tight . Lots of whistles and bells but no good if your trying to take your own blood pressure .
 The monitor provided more than I expected , particularly with the storing of , I believe a 100 readings , and also the averaging of the last three readings . The latter enables me to take three readings at one sitting and then obtain the average of the three readings . The only negative is the cuff that has some sharp edges .
 IT IS VERY DIFFICULT TO USE THIS CUFF ON THIS BP METER YOU ALMOST NEED TWO PEOPLE TO USE IT .
 Have n't had any experience with this sort of device before but went by Consumer Reports recommendations . Easy to use and hope its accurate !
 Barely seven months after I bought this machine , it died . I 'll never buy one again .
 I have not received this product yet , but I purchased this as a gift and it will be almost a month before it will be delivered . I would have rather cancelled the order and purchased this product elsewhere , but amazon will not let me cancel my order . What a waste . I have never had a problem with shipping before , but a month from purchase and no delivery ???
 I purchased the Omron HEM-780 in September 2010 based on reviews about its accuracy . During my yearly physical it was determined that I needed to take readings on my right arm due to an arterial blockage affecting my left arm . My doctor asked that I bring my monitor in so he could compare readings with his equipment . I brought it in on two separate occasions two weeks apart and his readings were 15 to 20 points lower than with my Omron . He suggested I contact the manufacturer . I sent an e-mail and received no response so I called Omron customer service . The technician had me take a reading , which was very high . He then said I could send the monitor in for repair but I would have to pay for shipping and enclose a check for $ 8.00 for return shipping . Some warranty ! I had the monitor less than 2 months . I was gong to return it to Amazon but I missed their return date by 3 weeks . I guess I will just subtract 15 points off my readings and hope for the best.Omron HEM-780 Automatic Blood Pressure Monitor with ComFit Cuff
 5-STARS ... UPDATE
 I bought this a few weeks ago . I love the readout but it is very inaccurate . I took my blood pressure 3 times on the same day and the bp will read 135 the first time , 124 the second time , and 115 the third time . CRAZY !!! I tried it on all my family members and the same story . What a HUGE waste of money .
 I got this for my mother who is in her 70 's . It was too tight when expanded for the length of time this unit takes to measure BP . She is 150 pounds , although she is not skinny her arm 's circumference is 11 inches , of average adult width . Their wrist one was easier to use , more comfortable , and very accurate .
 I bought this several months ago and should have sent it back immediateky , but did n't do so . I had a great deal of trouble positioning the cuff properly . It would start taking the reading and then stop in the middle . After a short time I just stopped using it . I was just taken off blood pressure medication , told to monitor my pressure , and I took the Hem-780 out of retirement . I still ca n't use it easily . I have to try 6 or 7 times before it completes the whole process and by then , I do n't think the reading is accurate .
 Very high readings using ComFit CUFF on large arm . Compared readings @ Doctors office and found Omron HEM-780 readings much higher . Readings on smaller arm appears to be ok . The BP monitor itself works well and is easy to use . Would not recommend product for use on larger arms -LRB- 13 '' -17 '' -RRB- .
 First let someone else take your BP . Just looking at the screen while the cuff expands will give you inaccurate measurements . There is no substitute for a cuff & scope unless you have hearing problems . I can only speak of the unit I purchased in regards to its accuracy which is pathetic . I have been in & out of the hospital for the past year & take it with me usually for a good laugh with the staff . Systolic is generally 17 to 22 points over certified gear & Diastolic is 10 to 18 points above certified gear . If that dont raise your BP try their wrist units . Those numbers should get you a speeding ticket on the way to the emergency room . The cuff & where it is placed on your arm & the size of your arm is where all the error readings are coming from . This is a one size fits all unit . If they offered two cuff sizes there might -LRB- ? -RRB- be some credibility to the unit . The only difference between a random $ 30 unit & the HEM-780 is all the accessories like low battery two person history etc that I cant see anyway . As with previous reviews you will find their customer service is generally disinterested , probably due to the amount of people in line waiting to get a return for repair authorization . As with previous reviews you will also notice there was nothing wrong with their units as they met company specs ? What I have learned is you get what you pay for and these are cheap units with lots of accessories . I realize most folks are short on money these days but doubling up on BP meds due to an inaccurate machine can be dangerous ! You will find good to excellent units have a LIFETIME Guarantee . Try Tycos Welch Allen for a start & if you are short on cash go to your local drug store & use their free units . They are as accurate as the Omrons & are adjusted every two months so bring your Omron unit with you as a comparison . By now you realize I cant spell & this review has not been proof read but I do know my BP monitors . This is my first review of anything & probably my last . Good Luck !
 This BPM is convenient to use , does quick measurements and provides comfortable pressure while during the measurement . However , compared to a manual reading with a sphygmanometer , the HEM-780N3 is around 8 to 12 mercury higher . I called technical support to inquire if they can tell me how to calibrate the reading but they gave me a scripted answer of how their manufacturing uses advanced calibration and that their machine is accurate . Well , the one I received was not accurate . I have compared it with another Omron and CVS BPMs and with a sphygmanometer . If not for the accuracy , this would have been a very good BPM .
 I used this device intermittently over the past year . About 6 months ago I discovered that it was failing to inflate the cuff properly -LRB- got an error after about 6-7 seconds -RRB- , so I contacted Omron and they sent a new cuff . Did n't work . Since then , repeated problems despite being VERY careful about cuff placement , checking for no cuff leaks , etc. . I am also a bioengineer with 40 years of experience - 15 of which were spent in developing blood pressure instrumentation.Troubleshooting myself , I discovered that if I artificially squeeze the cuff to allow the pressure to go over about 14 mm Hg during inflation before 6-7 seconds elapses , I can get it to inflate . However , I now can not even get the device DESPITE THE CUFF BEING TIGHT AROUND MY ARM to inflate properly - or to not `` time out '' . Overall comment - unreliable device . Never should fail so shortly , Omron 's Quality Assurance is likely faulty .
 Monitor appeared to be reading high . We took the machine to a highly qualified doctor , who originally recommended the Omron . He compared the Omron readings to his own blood pressure monitor . Sure enough , Omron readings were about 20 % high , for both my wife and me . The whole purpose of a home blood pressure monitor is to determine if blood pressure is unusually high . We have little to no confidence in the Omron HEM-780 . It is a disappointment .
 My original purchase failed within 30 days and Amazon sent out a replacment at no charge . Unfortunatly the replacement failed 45 days later , which meant I am stuck with a defective product . VERY DISAPPOINTING !!
 This monitor failed to give accurate readings for me and for my wife . Both of us have moderately high blood pressure of long standing . I bought this monitor -LRB- to replace one that had been broken -RRB- to keep track at home . The HEM-780 reported that both of us had low blood pressures ! I brought it to our doctor 's office for comparison , and it was way off ... about 40 mm Hg high on systolics for my wife , and 30 mm Hg high for me . Had no trouble with the simpler Omron I had before .
 I recently had a mild heart attack and was placed on medication to reduce the work load of my heart . Because I was hypotensive -LRB- low blood pressure -RRB- in the hospital I was told to not take the medication until my systolic blood pressure was greater than 100 mm HG . I purchased this unit to allow me to monitor my blood pressure at home by myself . It is difficult to take your own blood pressure with a standard Blood pressure cuff and stethoscope . The monitor recorded my blood pressure daily and always showed me to be hypotensive . Since I was not showing any signs of being hypotensive I re-checked my blood pressure in the emergency department where I work as an emergency physician . The Omron unit was 25 points low compared to the emergency department reading on two different days . I then began taking my blood pressure with a standard blood pressure cuff and stethoscope as well as the Omron unit , again the readings of the Omron unit were 25 points lower . I contacted the manufacturer and was instructed on deleting the memory -LRB- which is one reason I purchased this unit -RRB- . This gave a more accurate -LRB- only 5 points lower -RRB- for one reading . The second day it was again reading 25 points low . I have returned the unit for a refund .
 I found product to be unreliable after 5 months use and when LCD screen malfunctioned , I returned the the product to Omron for repair . It was returned in the same condition , with the LCD screen unreadable . The report stated that after a complete check on unit , no adjustments were needed . Unit working per specifications . I spent $ 9.00 to send the unit back , and sent a check for $ 8.00 for the return . I called Omron and was told there was no manufacturing defect and the fact that the LCD screen was unreadable was not something that they could correct . This is not the way to stand behind your product and I would recommend not to buy a product from Omron .
 I get a lot of error readings indicating incorrect cuff pressure . I 've learned to not bother making any cuff adjustments ; just turn it off and then on again until it gives you a reading . What should be a simple deal becomes a time consuming ordeal ; every once in a while it will give a reading on the first try . In the multiple reading averaging mode it consumed much more time than I had to devote to getting a decent BP reading .
 It gives a big variation in readings taken in same few munits even ... sometimes it would give me 140/80 and then checking 3 munits later in same position excatly same configuration it would give 116/72 ... tried playing with it for 5 days now and came to the conclusion that its highly inaccurate ! ... going to return it today ... NOT ACCURATE AT ALL !!!
 I bought this because of all the good reviews ; however , when I took my BP , it seemed VERY high . I had it checked when I went to the doctor . Compared to his reading , the bottom number was off by 12 points . -LRB- The top number was off also -RRB- . I called Omron Customer Service and we tried resetting it over the phone . She told me to check the readings that evening and if they were still high , send it in FOR REPAIR . Repair ?? It 's brand new . Sent it back . I 'm through with these . Nothing like the old-fashioned kind .
 The cuff does n't work well . You ca n't easily get it on with one hand , because it does n't have a D ring . So the machine gives many errors as it tries to inflate . I finally gave up on it and ordered a different model -LRB- Life Touch -RRB- with a D ring .
 3/2009 i received this highly rated auto blood pressure machine . i work at a hosp , for 24yrs on nursing staff . I start by knowing my baseline pressure -LRB- manual -RRB- done by my RN friends and my doc . I workout and in good health ! this machine was 10 to 15 over Dia and 7 to 10 over sys. I called Omron to get a verbal -LRB- blaming -RRB- walk through on what I did wrong and them resetting the machine . SAME problems . I was told to call the seller or send back but I had to pay for s/h . I was so disappointed by Omron . However i was Very pleased with the Seller ZENCORP007 for refunding my money and allowing me to pleasure to throw this poorly made item in the TRASH !! i have a old sunbeam auto bp machine cost me $ 30.00 4yrs ago will stay with the cheap machines work better ... Omron are morons .
 I knew I had a problem when I first used this product . I had been diagnosed with Hypertension a week prior to getting this product but when I took my BP the first couple of times it registered in the normal range . However , when I went to the doctor the next day he got a reading of 162/102 . When I got home a half hour later and tried the monitor I had a reading of 124/84 . I took three more readings within 15 minutes and had very similar results with nothing above 132/90 . Needless to say , I returned the product and will just continue to go to the doctors office and use their machine .
 It seldom EVER completes taking the blood pressure . The machine is constantly stopping after a few seconds no matter what I do with my arm to change it . It 's frustrating , it 's not reliable and it probably makes my BP go up each time I hit start.It 's great all of you are getting such good results . I am not . It was a complete waste of money . It completes its cyle about 10 % of the times I attempt to use it .
 I am returning this model for a different OMRON unit . I purchased this for my mother , but I 'd use it as well as my dad . All three of us felt that the readings were not accurate . My husband tried it as well and thought the same . My bp is usually low-normal , but the readouts I would get with this one made me wonder how I was still standing ! Also never got used to the arm band and the slightest movement seemed to make it error out . My mother is the one with the bp issue and I do n't want to take a chance with a unit that reads too low .
 I hate writing bad reviews but this monitor is completely inaccurate . I was diagnosed with hypertension and knew that I would have to start to monitor my blood pressure at home from now on . I did a lot of research and saw how OMRON seemed to be a very well respected accurate monitor , highly recommended -- in fact this particular model even won an award of some sort , from the FDA -- and I also saw all the great reviews at Amazon . I failed to look at the bad reviews as I usually do because if I had , I might not have bought it . While there was over * 700 Five Star Reviews * there was 125 reviews that gave it One Star . 125 One Star reviews should not be dismissed or ignored . That 's a hell of a lot of bad reviews . That should 've told me this monitor had problems even if it was a matter of getting a lemon . That 's at least 125 lemons being built by OMRON and since it 's monitoring people 's bp - that 's really really dangerous . * -LRB- I have come to look suspiciously on all the Five Star reviews given on Amazon as they sometimes do not reflect the quality of the items being reviewed and wonder if a lot of these Five Star reviews are coming from the manufacturer trying to sell their products . It 's good to sometimes go into the history of the person giving a Five Star review to see if they 're not a plant -- see if this is the only review they 've given or they only have one more insignificant review to make them look `` legitimate '' . You 'll also see a few of the same types going into the negative reviews ' comments , disputing the reviewer about their complaints or insulting their titles as nurses if they have given negative reviews . Watch out for these people . Just saying . -RRB- Anyway , my monitor `` seemed '' to be giving me accurately high readings before I went on my meds . Once I started taking my meds , the readings went down accordingly to a very healthy reading which , of course , made me feel confident in my medical care - ONLY to find out when I went back to my doctor 's office that my bp was still at dangerously high levels - they took it 4 times while I was there.When I went back home , and took my bp again off the OMRON , it still gave me a very healthy low bp reading , and I , all this time , thought my bp had gone down , when , in fact , it remained at the same high levels , and the OMRON HEM -780 did NOT reflect my true readings and still does n't . As one reviewer remarked , these monitors were not correctly calibrated and I have no way of re-calibrating it.Oh , and I even changed the batteries , as some have suggested and it still was off . It continuously gives me a reading - since taking my meds - of 115 to 120 over 70 to 75 . My doctor 's office
 Having used Omron monitors for about twenty years and needing a new one after ten , I purchased the 780 , and I think it would probably be a good monitor if the cord did n't twist up like a hose or a telephone cord and refuse to give a reading even sometimes when I 'm holding it straight in my left hand , which is awkward . It does this even though I keep the monitor on a table and the cuff on a chair so that the cord is stretched out between uses . This is so inconvenient thatI 'm thinking of returning it.Adelia
 For about five weeks this blood pressure monitor 's readings were within 5 % to 10 % of the reading at the doctor 's office . But it soon starting failing to give a good reading , sometimes being off as much as 45 % higher on systolic readings and 25 % higher on diastolic.Omron 's customer service did replace it with the same model , after I paid for the shipping both ways , but the replacement only lasted for a bit over three months . So , I gave up and bought a Panasonic locally .
 > I purchased the item aug 16 . Today was my doctors appointment and the > doctor checked the Heart Monitor and stated that is not accurate and > giving incorrect reading . . I want to return this Item as it is faulty .
 I was to get a bood pressure monitor MARHEM780 with a blue and white face plate -LRB- and a smaller and lighter design -RRB- . Instead I got HEM-780 which appears to be an older product and one which could be purchased from a number of suppliers at $ 30.00 less . As I travel a lot , I could not complete the full cycle of returning the monitor . When I complained to Home Health Stores , I received an argument , even though I had scanned both the picture of what I had received vs what I was sold by Amazon.The older model weighs slightly more , and seems to work OK , except for low blood pressure readings -LRB- 120/90 or less -RRB- . As I am out of the USA for an extended period , I will be forced to use what I have , as I am to report to my Doctor on the results of the readings.I feel cheated by the supplier , not the OMRON manufacturer , hence the bad product review .
 It 's not accurate . This thing reads around 117/69 on a consistent basis . My actual pressure is around 130/92 .
 Bought this unit in December 2008 and have never gotten an accurate reading . It is always 15-20 pts higher on both systolic and diastolic . I was alarmed with the high reading and took it to my doctor 's office for calibration . Her readings -LRB- 6 -RRB- confirmed the poor accuracy of this device . No more Omron products for me or anyone I know .
 The cuff read my pressure higher and my wifes quite low , but Amazon was great on the return .
 This is a really great machine with a large cuff and memory and time features which help keep track of your readings . However after only 3 months of use it has stopped working . We 've replaced batteries and tried everything and it only inflates for a couple of seconds and then stops.So do n't get caught up in all the bells and whistles and end up with a nonfunctioning unit , because they only count if they work .
 When this thing works , I assume it is accurate . But , it very seldom works !! It stops working and indicates an `` E '' . It is so frustrating.I really hate it and think I will just throw it out . I fought with it too long for returning it . But now what to buy ?
 One of the worst units I ever bought.the cuff will split inside itself with long term use on an extra large arm!mine lasted 13 months.deacon tom
 It does not fit my arm ... my arm is under 9 inches ... its worthless to me and I suppose its my fault but I didnt ask what size arm you needed . Didnt think I needed to ... other kits I have bought have come with 2 arm sizes included . This one cost more then the others also .
 This product was definitely not what I expected . The first time we used it , we got 10 different readings on the same person within a 10 minute span of time , and none of the readings were even close to each other . I am going to go with a wrist monitor which I believe is more accurate .
 The monitor keeps giving me error message . I had to turn it off and re-start again . Sometimes I had to re-start -LRB- stop/start -RRB- twice to avoid the error message .
 The monitor is well constructed and user friendly . I got Serial No. 5Y31917LF which turned out to be inaccurate when measuring blood pressure . Readings are much lower than reality . Before you rely on this monitor , compare readings with an instrument known to be accurate . Since it failed at its intended job , I give it one star .
 It tends to be inaccurate . The blood pressure reported is higher than when compared to results in doctor 's office taken at the same time !
 I thought this was a good device and felt happy with it when I first used it ; however , recently it has created great anguish and annoyance . For a period of time I did not use it . Upon putting it back into my service -LRB- with new batteries -RRB- the results -LRB- readings -RRB- have been highly erratic - major discrepancies between readings from each arm that was cuffed with in minutes of checking .
 I was very enthusuastic about this product because of all the bells and whistles that came with it but I ended up having to return it because it was just too difficult for me to use it . I just could not get the cuff on properly for some reason and it would not function until it thought the cuff was on right ... therefore I could not use it . It errored too easily . I ended up returning it and buying an Omron HEM-670IT Wrist Blood Pressure Monitor with APS instead and I am very happy with that one .
 I read other negative reviews but went ahead and purchased the Omron-780 Blood Pressure monitor . Within 2 months after purchase the monitor began giving incorrect readings . It was taken to a doctor 's office and tested . The monitor was definitely giving bad readings . The unit was shipped back to Omron -LRB- still under warranty -RRB- but it cost me to ship it plus I had to prepay for return shipping back to me . The report said it was tested and found to be within specs . I began using it again but the same bad -LRB- too high readings -RRB- occurred . At a cost of over $ 20.00 just for shipping , even though the unit was under warranty , I decided the shipping costs would quickly exceed the value of the monitor so it has been discarded as unusable .
 This is one of the most frustrating , maddening products I have ever ever purchased ! Of course , my husband and I both need to monitor our blood pressure for serious health concerns.The cuff design is one of the main problems . It is practically impossible to put on your own arm as it will never be tight enough and you will receive constant error messages . By the time you try tightening it over and over and finally get it tight enough , your blood pressure is guaranteed to have gone way up because it has been soooo frustrating.Secondly , we took this monitor with us to a vascular specialist in a major hospital and he tried this unit on my husband and even on himself and then compared the Omron readings to his equipment -- his conclusion was that the unit was reading about 15 points too high on average . When our primary care physician compares it to her equipment , it reads about 5 points different.I am at a loss ! We can hardly get a reading when you try to put the arm band on by yourself and when you get a reading , you have no idea if it is anywhere near accurate . And , since the number spread for blood pressure really is n't that large , a 15 point possible difference is a very big deal . Very disappointed in this product .
 easy to use but after 3 weeks the measurements become very inaccurate . everytime my dad uses , it gives him totally off numbers like 90 or 100 , which he has high blood pressure problem . he ca n't rely on this machine to check blood preasure daily . contacting omron is pain , long wait time -LRB- 15mins -RRB- to connect to rep. and all they said `` did you follow the direction ? try tomorrow and if it dose it again try couple more days then call back ... '' after 5th calls i gave up and bought cvs brand one . new one works great ... and after 9 months it broken down . i brought it back to cvs and no question asked they just exchange to new one ... . CVS rock !
 Out of the box , this did not work . All I get are error messages . Its going back . Very disappointed ; -LRB-
 For the price , I thought I would be getting a decent piece of equipment , but I 'm not sure I 've EVER gotten a correct reading from this machine . It 's awkward for one person to use , and back-to-back readings , are WIDELY different . After just a few times use , I had to change the batteries . For a long time it would n't pump up , now it will pump up , but never gives a reading . The whole system looks `` brand new '' , but it 's going into the garbage . Customer service is awful . You 'd think they would want to make things right to keep a customer , but you 'd be wrong . Very disappointed . I will NEVER buy an Omron , of any kind , again .
 I bought this HEM780 model one year ago after reading the reviews here . I did n't realize that the measurements are incorrect until I visited a couple of doctors recently . The results from this monitor are much lower than those from doctor 's . So I bought a manual one a few days ago , and found that it is about 15 points lower than those from the manual one . I have dumped it .
 This looked like such a good monitor . I had one and it failed . But , it had such nice features that I bought another one . It failed , too . I gave it a 1 rating because their was nothing lower . Both monitors failed for the same reason ; when the pump got up to 28 , the monitor stopped and an E appeared in the display . By messing around with the hose connection at the monitor , I could always get it to run for a couple more times . Then it failed again . Totally frustrating . However , I will give it 5 stars for ruggedness . I banged the crap out of both of them and threw them against the floor , whereby parts flew all over the place . Feeling bad -LRB- and a little stupid -RRB- , I put them back together again . Ran perfectly , except for the same problem . That 's my last Omron anything .
 I recently bought this item but found it to be unreliable and consistently shows a rating of 10 to 12 points above the actual BP numbers . Not recommended .
 I could n't get this to work after more than 30 attempts . An error message kept coming up , even though all directions were followed as instructed . I 'm getting a refund , then I 'm buying a Homedics blood pressure monitor -LRB- my friend has one that I tried using , and it worked great -RRB- . After the many wonderful reviews for this monitor , I was very disappointed that I could n't get it to work .
 At least it 's consistent ! It consistently runs 20 points below the BP reading my physician gets .
 I purchased this blood pressure monitor because I was told it was the best , but , it was wacked out . I even took it to some friends house -LRB- 3 friends -RRB- who had monitors & it was way to high . I also took it to my doctors office and it was also way to high there.I was not to happy about this , so I sent it back & asked for a refund on my credit card , I got a gift card from Amazon -LRB- not what I wanted -RRB- .
 This item is very convenient to use compared to the ones where you have to pump and watch the Mercury . However , it does not take accurate readings . By comparison , this one will give a reading of 10 points lower on average . That 's not good if you have high blood pressure and you need to have reliable equipment for survival . I 'm going to exchange this one and give it another try . Maybe this one is just defective .
 The so-called ComFit cuff is anything but . It does n't taper . So if your arm is a little fatter at the bicep and narrower at the inside of the elbow where the reading is done , the device errors out unless you wrap it very snuggly . But when you do that , it compresses your arm so much as it fills with air that we actually found it very painful to use , with our arms and hands turning blood red from the compression . We tried cutting the plastic insert to relieve some of the pressure and managed only to break the device . It now errors all the time , and of course we ca n't return it given that we cut it . May try getting a replacement cuff and will see of Omron makes one that tapers . In general , though , I would stay away from this product unless you have a perfectly cylindrical arm .
 I have the Omron HEM-780 unit for 1 1/2 years now and I find it to be inaccurate at times . The device has other problems with it like not giving me a reading at all , it just cuts out . This cut out problem has happened over 100 times . It inflates the cuff to a certain point , but then cuts off completely . I then have to remove the cuff and put it back on and redo the reading again.I personally do not care about the other features if it can not do the primary job and I find myself constantly using my backup manual cuff and stethoscope .
 Unit was brand new and was grossly inacurate . Had to return it , but amazon does make it easy to return . Customer service suggested that it possibly was damaged during shipment . It was well pacakaged .
 Ordered unit from Amazon because they had best price . Paid for 2 day shipping to get unit faster . Ordered on Jan. 13 , came Jan. 15 started using Jan. 16 . Worked until Jan. 27 . when unit kept giving error readings . Called Omron customer service , on phone over an hour , they could not figure why unit did n't work . Have to pay for return shipping and insurance . Am still without meter which my doctor says I need . Omron considered the best meter only when it works . Wanted better meter than I had and now have nothing . Thought Omron should send new meter after only 12 days rather then try to fix this one which I still do n't have . I 'm not happy , this is not a toy ! Remember to always save the boxes things come in , easier to send back .
 I CAN NOT GET THE CUFF TO SNUG UP PROPERLY . NO MATTER HOW HARD I TRY TO PULL IT TIGHT IT SEEMS TOO LOOSE . THE RESULT IS PRESSURE READING VARIES EACH TIME WITHOUT CUFF ADJUSTMENT . ie I TRIED IT THREE TIMES IN A ROW AND GOT A READING OF 168/93 , 154/91 , 145/87 IN A MATTER OF JUST MINUTES .
 When I rec 'd the blood pressure machine , I was excited to try it . After trying it 5 or 6 times on myself and my husband , the BP figures were way off . I was getting reading like 169 over 102 , 170 over 99 etc. . I tested it against another machine and had normal reading . The cuff was uncomfortable too and very hard to place on my arm . I would not recommend this BP machine .
 this machine was all over the board with bp readings . I took it to the doctor with me and it was way off . i sent it back .
 I measured myself a few times , but always got numbers too low . Pretty disappointed .
 Omron HEM-780 Automatic Blood Pressure Monitor with ComFit CuffI do n't like the comFit cuff . Hard to put on and have to reset cuff couple times to get the monitor to work . Ca n't get a accurate reading .
 You need help to get a snug fit using this cuff . Do not dispose of the box and packing materials before trying this machine out for a few days . Makes it much easier to return . Liked my old Omron so much . Sad .
 I bought this months ago . It has never read correctly being wildly high . I tested it in a doctor 's office too and it was wildly high . For example , 170/110 instead of 140/88 . That qualifies this as junk . Before I realized it was junk , I had such a high reading that it got me sick . I ended up in the emergency room .
 This is the 2nd Omron monitor that I 've owned . This cuff is very stiff and as I have a very small upper arm , I do n't know what to do with the end of the cuff that has a small piece of velcro attached . Therefore , I have to leave that part detached -- do n't know if this affects the readings . The less complicated Omron did not have this problem , but eventually the velcro fasteners wore out . Thus , the replacement .
 I thought it was great at first , but it quit on me after about 7 months . I did n't use it all that often either . The cuff was easier to use than the standard ones while it lasted .
 From my experience , and that of others family members and doctors , I have determined that most `` automatic '' BP monitor are unreliable and can result in disturbing results , as I experienced with a Omron HEM-780 Automatic Blood Pressure Monitor with ComFit Cuff . it proved to be very unreliable and provided inaccurarte high readings.It takes a bit of learning to take BP measurements with a manual BP cuff and stethoscope , but the readings are reliable . I needed a good manual blood pressure cuff for care of a stroke patient and my daughter , an ICU Nurse , highly recommended a manual BP cull , the Omron Sphygmomanometer , Black , Adult . She carries one with her wherever she goes when not working in the hospital . After some research I learned the technical reasons why this unit is considered as the `` standard '' by many medical personnel . The high quality of components is very good and the meter operation is smooth and accurate . Taking blood pressure is so much easier than with the `` cheap '' manual BP cuffs and automatic BP monitor unit I previouly used . It 's worth the price of investment to learn how to take BP manually , but with good equipment .
 This being my first review ... I am not at ease . The BP Monitor gave a reading in about one of 6-8 tries . Constant attempts to adjust the position of the cuff were futile . An error display would appear at the beginning of the inflation of the cuff or during the reduction process . I am 80 yrs old with an active physical gym routine . My arm is not heavy due to an obese physique . I threw the monitor away .
 This is the 2nd and last Omron I will buy . Both worked well in reading BP for as long as they lasted which was n't long . Within a year both started having error readings that only got worse as time went on and within another year failed completely . The problem in both cases was a weak pump . After less than a year 's use the unit stopped pumping once the pressure got to a reading of 13 and therefore showed an error . As time goes on the pump gets even weaker until finally any back pressure created from simply inflating the cuff caused the unit to stop pumping and show an error reading . In the beginning taking two readings in a row starts to fail on the second attempt . As time progresses the unit starts failing to pump up the cuff on the first attempt and therefore shows an error . It takes multiple attempts before the pump will inflate the cuff . Within a month the cuff fails to inflate regardless the number of attempts . Having Omron honor their warrantee is almost as expensive a buying a new unit . Considering the cost you would expect the pump to last more than a year before failing .
 Although this monitor seems to have gotten good ratings from other users overall , the ComFit cuff was very rigid and did not fit my arm at all and kept slipping down to my elbow . This of course lead to error readings consistently . If your arms are bigger on top this cuff probably will not work for you . I instead went with another brand monitor that has a `` Soft Cuff '' . Please do your research to determine if a `` rigid '' or `` soft '' cuff with work best for you . I will be returning this monitor because of the rigid cuff .
 My arm is within the cuffs advertised measurements , and it still does not fit good . I keep getting error readings . I do n`t know how accurate it is when I ` am able to get a reading , because I get so upset over having to keep trying it . It just does not work well on my short arms .
 I did not receive this item . I am trying to get the purchase credited back to my account . Not sure of the process .
 Half the time , it stops and gives out an `` E '' readout
 I ordered this item , paid for it and never received it . I sent an email , but never got a response . I 'm sure it 's a great product because I read the other reviews . Please either send the item or refund my money . Thank you !
 Only lasted a few months . Then it started giving an Error after inflating for 17 seconds , and the inflation stops . Piece of junk . Would not recommend at all .
 I am returning the product as it only worked for three days . After that , every time I tried to take a reading , I got the big `` E '' . Also , it seemed to read extrememly high . My husband has normal blood pressure and when we tried it on him , it came back 178/121 . Uh , no way ! That surely does n't help when I am trying to monitor mine to be sure it does n't go too low or too high . The doc just started me on medication three weeks ago . I found that to get a three reading average , by the time I was able to get all three readings I was so frustrated , my pressure was going through the roof ! Of course that could have to do with the artificially high readings it was returning anyway . lol It was very easy to use , but ease is n't going to be much good if it is n't accurate . I 'm looking for another brand even if it costs me a little more .
 The armcuff is too difficult to use for either arm , but much worse for the right arm . It takes 2 people to get the armcuff tight enough to get a reading . I would not buy another 780 . I prefer my old 737 without the prefab cuff.Lou DeGruy III
 I guess this monitor gives reliable readings , but I have found that at least half the time I apparently ca n't get the cuff closed sufficiently for it to register -- it gives an `` EE '' response and I have to start over . My husband has no trouble with it , so I guess it is at least partly my fault , but I had an older model from about 15 years ago that was a lot easier to use.Another flaw I find is that the traveling case is soft , so if you put pressure on it inadvertently , it does not keep the monitor from turning on . Memory features etc. are good . I have not yet had the chance to compare the monitor 's readings with those from my doctor , but have no reason to believe they are inaccurate .
 I think it 's the cuff . It 's junk . I have another Omron for home -LRB- older HEM-739 -RRB- works great and has been validated by my Dr. for accuracy . The new HEM-780 is all over the place . It shifts wildly depending on how tight the cuff is , and the fun part is the cuff does n't like to be adjusted . I will try to find another cuff but I wish I had n't simply gone with the brand name when buying a second unit .
 I purchased this product based on features and reviews . I do n't know if I received a faulty unit , but it 's worthless . I receive an error message eight times out of 10 times I try to use it . It does n't matter where I put it or how tight the cuff . Whyen it does work , I try to get another reading immediately after , and get an error message . I 've had a ReliOn for years which is very reliable ... never any error messages . The only reason I switched was because of the features . Big mistake.I 've had this two months but I 'm sending it back .
 I am amazed at the lack of response by Omron for a dysfunctional blood pressure monitor from Omron . I had a monitor that was not working and has a history of being inaccurate by significant amounts - Omron wrote back saying I can pay for recalibration -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- and suggested that given the cost I should `` purchase a new unit '' . I would NOT work with this company again nor buy their products with the lack of response from them .
 I had read very positive reviews about this product but found it to be very disappointing and frustrating . The monitor kept giving me an error message . To use the cuff , I had to actually hold the cuff down on my left arm with my right hand . I also took it to my doctor 's office to see if I was not using it correctly . My doctor was getting the same error message . He advised me to return this unit which I did .
 The readings from this machine made this cardiac patient extremely nervous . The readings were consistantly in the 170/105 range , so I scheduled a doctors appt . I took this alleged blood pressure monitor with me and took two readings with my machine , both ran in the range stated above . The doctor took his , 140/70 , twice . Unnecessary tension and aggravation is not what I look for in a product ; this one had loads of it .
 Years ago , I purchased an Omron blood pressure monitor -LRB- HEM-705CP -RRB- for my wife . I was disappointed in its performance . Readings were inconsistent , varying as much as 25 points between consecutive readings taken at 5 minute intervals . Moreover , results differed markedly from those taken with the traditional cuff and sphygmomanometer which I have used for many years . Telephone calls made to Omron provided no explanation or suggestions . In spite of a 3 yr warranty , they made no offer to check out the machine or replace it . So the useless device sat in its box for many years . Recently I purchased the HEM-780 only after it was highly recommended by my pharmacist and by the many good Amazon reviews . Unfortunately , the new device shows the same inconsistencies . Consecutive readings at 5 minute intervals are sometimes close and sometimes not . I have noted differences as much as 30 points . It is supposed to pick up heart beat irregularity , but it does n't . Atrial fibrillation which I can pick up easily just by checking the pulse is missed by the machine . The cuff is easy to put on , and it is convenient to be able to store daytime and nighttime measurements in memory , but I am disappointed in the performance and lack confidence in its results .
 The monitor appeared to be sturdy enough , the cuff does fit well and go on easily , and the first time I tried it worked quickly and well . However , the next time I tried it , and the three times after that over a span of several days , the machine reported different errors and never took another valid reading . There were no obvious problems like leaking air or power glitches.I 'm not sure how common quality problems are with Omron products . I sent it back and replaced it with a functionally-equivalent drug store brand unit , which works fine .
 After using this product for about a month and a half , I began to get very high blood pressure readings -LRB- 157/106 -RRB- . My doctor took my BP on the same day and got 130/80 , which I also got with my manual cuff . I find that this machine tends to show a rapid pulse as well.The only good thing about it is that you do n't have to record your readings manually . If they calibrate the machine properly , it would be a great thing , but I wasted my money .
 I bought this particular monitor for the additional pulse monitor feature . It seemed to be accurate the first few times -- just long enough to put some trust into it -- then my `` pulse '' kept increasing and increasing . A manual pulse assessment on the wrist confirmed that I was okay ; the monitor was not -LRB- an average of 20 points higher than my real pulse -RRB- . I really liked all the features , including the AC adaptor and traveling kit , thus the 2 star rating , but inaccuracy in a medical device such as this is disconcerting .
 I bought this unit because of the good reviews and because a relative who is a physician had one for himself that he liked . It 's easy to use and I liked the features on it . But I was disappointed with it -- twice . I tried one for a couple of weeks and found that the measurements were clearly too low , so I returned it to Amazon . I had them replace it with the same model , thinking that maybe I had just gotten a bad one the first time . The readings on the second unit were very similar to the first one . I brought it to my doctor 's office and compared it to their readings three or four times within a ten-minute period . Each time the top -LRB- systolic -RRB- reading on the Omron was at least 12 to 15 points lower than the doctor 's . The diastolic was also inaccurate for at least some of the readings -LRB- 20 points higher than the doctor 's in one case -RRB- . I 'm going to return the second unit to Amazon today.I called the company and spoke to someone there . He was n't particularly informative , but said that some Omron models do n't work so well for some people . My arm is an average size , so I do n't think that was an issue , but he suggested trying a model that has a smaller cuff . Maybe I 'll try that ... or maybe I 'll try another brand.If you do buy it , I suggest checking it against a doctor 's BP monitor within a couple of weeks of purchasing it so you can return it to Amazon for a refund or replacement without any problem if it 's not accurate .
 I read through lots of Amazon reviews for blood pressure monitors before buying the Omron HEM-780 . It had many great reviews and extra features I wanted , like the stroke alert and memory storage for two people , which I needed to record both left and right arm pressure . Unfortunately , I seem to have gotten a lemon . I became alarmed when my blood pressure measured even higher than at the doctor 's office . I brought the Omron to my next doctor appointment and discovered the Omron was consistently 20 points higher on both systolic and diastolic measurement than accurate . With so many good reviews , I can only assume this was just a bad unit . Amazon made the return easy and when I called Omron to tell them my experience , they had two people call me to get details on the problem . They told me this was highly unusual and would pull the machine for testing when it was returned . I still would buy an Omron product , but I would definitely check the accuracy with a doctor after buying it .
 I 've owned the Omron HEM-780 for over a year now . The ComFit cuff is a HORRIBLE design . There is absolutely no benefit to this `` open '' design compared to traditional cuffs . It is difficult for one person to maneuver the cuff to the right position with one hand . On top of that , the `` IntelliSense '' is extremely picky . I receive a ton of errors -LRB- resulting in high blood pressure -RRB- prior to ever receiving a reading . It will start to inflate , then throw an `` E '' . Most of the problem is due to not being able to tighten the ridiculous cuff tight enough with one hand . I have 15 '' arms , which falls within the recommended arm diameters and is not on the small end.On top of that , the monitor reports faulty readings , not all the time , but most of the time . When I first purchased the monitor I took it to the doctor 's office to check the accuracy . It was accurate when new . After a year it started giving really high readings . I checked with the doctor 's office and apparently the monitor now reads high.Save your money and buy a simply , manual inflate model .
 The OMROM ComFit Cuff is the chief issue with this product . The unit requires a proper tight fit or it will fault-out and not provide a reading . This becomes a major issue for individuals trying to take their own pressure reading . Without the aid of a second person to adjust the cuff , an individual literally needs to press their chin against the cuff to prevent it from rotating around their arm while they try to tighten the cuff with their free hand . If the cuff is the least bit loose the unit will fault-out . This is becomes even more of an issue if the unit is used in it 's averaging mode , whereby it automatically takes 3 readings and averages the results . After the first measurement the cuff loosens and on the second attempt -LRB- or third -RRB- the unit will fault-out ; this requires the user to try and re-adjust the cuff after each measurement to get through the 3-measurement cycle without faulting . A standard D-Ring cuff is far easier for an individual to use , but Omron does not provide it as an option for their ComFit Cuff models.Bottom-line
 Unlike other commenters I found my unit to take accurate blood pressure readings . I was getting consistent numbers weekly , plus numbers that were very close to my doctor 's numbers.Today my 2 year old unit began to malfunction , with lots of error readings regarding the cuff . This while trying to use the single reading feature . If I switch it to the 3 times feature , the machine might actually function one of the three times.This machine was too expensive for it to fail this quickly . I 'd investigate another brand before I would purchase this one .
 They should have a quick guide , two-page booklet summarizing how to set the unit . I had to read the brochure twice before being able to use it . At first I was using the single test mode and for some reason it reset by itself to the Tru-Test mode which takes 3 readings within 3 minutes span and gives you an average . I had to go back to the booklet to reset it to the single test mode . I used to have a manual inflate bp monitor and I never had trouble with it . This one gives too many error messages related to the cuff . I do n't like the fact the cuff does n't lie flat . Next time I buy something from Amazon , I am going to read the one and two star reviews instead of the 4 and 5 star ones .
 Three people have attempted to get this unit to work correctly . Each of us have been over and over the instruction manual . The unit simply does not work . First the reading is very high , then very low ... . then an error message . When I called the company , their customer service advised me to have the user call for more detailed instruction on how to use the cuff , so if you do n't mind seeking detailed tutorials with the company , you might not be as aggravated as I am . I definitely would not call this unit easy to use . I would have expected to be able to use it with reference to the instruction manual , not with advanced telephone tutorials . Three of us have attempted to use it without success . My impression is that it is very sensitive and requires a high degree of skill and instruction to use correctly , if you can get it to work at all . That is not what we were looking for in a home unit .
 I just recieved this product , tested it and it gave largely varried results and did not give one correct reading . Its a defective instrument with defective design stay away from the product and keep your money in your pocket .
 I bought the HEM-780 for my personal use . However , its quality is poor . When the blood pressure is normal , it is accurate ; When the blood pressure is not normal , it is inaccurate . My wife often measured my blood pressure for me becasue she is a nurse and I also have a panasonic EW 3152A blood pressure monitor . I often compared the measurements at the same time and found that the panasonic is best one ; However , Omron HEM-780 is bad . I called Omron Company serveral times and they said that my Comfit cuff is old , But it is not true.Blood pressure monitor is a important tool to pretect you and you need to choose a right one .
 My wife is a nurse , but could n't find the time to check my BP as often as my Doctor wanted . I took my BP twice on both arms in the morning and evening . That was 8 times a day . I left the cuff in the same position for each second reading . Plus my wife brought a cuff to fit me . I tried to check calibration with the Doctor and my wife . They were both very close . Then checking with the automatic BP machine , It would not even come close!Even when checking on the same arm without changing anything , the readins were so different . i.e. 175/115 . Repeat without moving
 I purchased this for my mother who must check her blood pressure often . This is not an accurate measuring tool . I returned it immediately for a refund .
 DOES NOT FIT IF ARM IS VERY BIG . CAN NOT USE ON LARGE ARMED PERSON , WILL NOT GIVE TRUE READING
 It did n't work for me . I took 4 caplets a day for 6 weeks and did not see any significant difference in before and after . Best of Luck !!
 I know everyone is different but I saw zero difference when I was taking CLA . I got results from green tea some but I have lost over 80 lbs just training hard and eating clean . I do n't take anything at all now other than vitamins .
 This product doesnt work . I even went over the prescribed dose . Didnt burn any fat . Go with Oxy Elite Pro .
 The 1000mg shown on the label is of sunflower/safflower oil . There 's only 700mg of CLA in this product . It 's misleading and harder to get the dose recommended on health and nutrition sites of 3000mg of CLA per day.I have n't been able to tell any difference so far since I 've been taking it , either.I wont purchase from this seller again . Very disappointed in the deceptive label . What 's the point of doing this to customers only to lose their repeat business upon discovery ? Apparently they 're more interested in first time buyers who dont read reviews .
 Metabolic Response Modifiers -LRB- MRM -RRB- `` CLA 1250 '' contains 1250mg of safflower oil per softgel of which 1000mg is CLA . That 's 80 % CLA . Priced at $ 20.37 for 180 softgels , that 's $ 1.132 for every 10,000 mg of CLA.NOW Foods `` CLA 800mg '' contains 1000mg of safflower oil per softgel of which 800mg is CLA . That 's 80 % CLA . Priced at $ 18.87 for 180 softgels , that 's $ 1.310 for every 10,000 mg of CLA.Botanic Choice `` CLA Weight Loss Support '' contains 1000mg of safflower oil per softgel of which 800mg is CLA . That 's 80 % CLA . Priced at $ 13.75 for 120 softgels , that 's $ 1.432 for every 10,000 mg of CLA.Jarrow Formulas `` CLA 750mg of CLA '' contains 1000mg of safflower oil per softgel of which 750mg is CLA . That 's 75 % CLA . Priced at $ 9.87 for 90 softgels , that 's $ 1.462 for every 10,000 mg of CLA.PrimaFORCE Max `` CLA 1000mg '' contains 1000mg of safflower oil per softgel of which 700mg is CLA . That 's 70 % CLA . Priced at $ 15.19 for 180 softgels , that 's $ 1.206 for every 10,000 mg of CLA.Assuming these prices do n't change , MRM is a slightly better deal than NOW Foods . Botanic Choice is probably not as good , partly because of their price but also because they add food coloring -LRB- titanium dioxide -RRB- , which is totally unnecessary . Jarrow Formulas and PrimaFORCE Max are probably not as good , partly because of their prices but more because their % CLA is lower than the industry standard of 80 % . The unwanted fatty acids that comprise the remaining 20 % to 30 % will definitely cause weight gain and may very likely also increase our risk of death from cancer .
 I have never had problems with any supplements except for this one . They are positively horrible . From the minute I swallow them -LRB- with a full glass of water ! -RRB- they &#34; burp back &#34; over and over and over again . They must be the worst tasting supplement I 've ever endured . I ca n't take them , and believe me I 've tried . I finally am throwing out a very large bottle unusued .
 I have never given anything a one rating . I feel bad doing it , but in this case feel I must . I am a nurse and taking blood pressures is a part of my everday life . I bought this with the idea that I would make it a little easier on my patients , without them having to feel that tight grip around their arm . Well , there is a reason for that tight grip , you get an accurate reading that way . I had all the best intentions in buying this product . But it 's readings are just plain inaccurate . If you suffer from hypertension -LRB- high blood pressure -RRB- this product could be dangerous , as it may not be truelly letting you know that your blood pressure has elevated . It runs way below what a true blood pressure runs . Omron makes great products , I would recommend one of their arm cuff blood pressure machines , you will get a much more accurate reading . Hope it is helpful .
 You velcro this around your wrist , bend your elbow and bring your hand towards your heart until the thing beeps . The monitor begins to take a reading and voil&agrave;!Except . Mine calibrates at a full 20 pts . lower than my doctor 's .
 I purchased this recently . Last week I took it to my doctor 's office to compare with the readings that the doctor and nurse obtained with a traditional cuff . We did four or five comparisons , and the wrist BP monitor was not even in the same ballpark . It was n't consistently high or low , just erratic.My doctor recommends an arm cuff over any wrist monitor , not just this model .
 The readings are not true ... I made comparison at my doctors office.The wrist cuff does not capture my elavated blood presure . My doctorsuggested that I continue to use a blood presure cuff .
 This unit is convenient and easy to use . Unfortunately for Omron convenience is not the figure of merit where blood pressure monitors are concerned . I stupidly trusted this device and it has quite literally impacted my health . In my case it consistantly read 30 too low ! Do n't use this this device for anything but entertainment !
 If all that I were to rate was the `` ease of use '' , this blood pressure monitor would easily rate 4 stars - it is extremely easy to use.Unfortunately , it is VERY inaccurate when compared with a cuff that goes on the upper arm . The readings on the HEM-609 are always low -LRB- which would be nice if my BP were that low -RRB- , but when they are compared to the readings in the doctor 's office they are unsatisfactory . As a result , I bought another old-fashioned `` hand-pump , read the dial with a stethoscope '' monitor , and that 's what I use since it agrees very closely with the doc 's office.I do not know if this problem -LRB- reading about 20mm low -RRB- is due to my wrist size -LRB- 7.25 '' -RRB- or the individual unit I have or ??? . Anyhow , there is certainly a problem , and the HEM-609 is unsatisfactory and disappointing .
 Got the machine after my doctor put me on medication and asked me to monitor my blood pressure . On paper the machine should be easy to use and accurate . In reality I keep on getting error messages , and each reading is different than the next one I take right after , so I am not confident that the machine is accurate . I will send it back .
 I am a nurse and thought these would be easier to use . Well , it is easy to use but the readings are way off . I would never recommend this model . I also agree with the other poster an upper arm is the best way to take a BP . This is nothing to fool around with . This unit reads very low . If you have one of these make sure you bring it to the Dr 's and take the reading againist his and see what the difference is .
 I own a Norelco T765 beard trimmer . This product says it works for my trimmer . However , I just received the charging cord and it does not charge my trimmer . The side of the charger also says `` Only use for T600/700 , T660/760 . '' The T765 is n't included here . Please change the specifications on your description .
 I was highly disapointed in this product . The texture , lumps , and bumbs were awesome . However , the tunnel/hole is way too big . You 'd have to have an abnormal thickness for this to fit on snuggly/tight . Although I would not buy this again , I would recommend it for a person who gets overly stimulated too quickly . I can absolutely visualize a `` short c -- mer '' using this as great practice ... nice feeling , put wide open spaces . Even when you squeeze it on your member , it still lacks the `` spark . ''
 I bought this exact bar -LRB- chocolate peanut butter -RRB- at my local grocery store and it was wonderful . SO good . Thought it was so good that I subscribed to the box here on Amazon and it was ... disgusting . Dried out , flakey , not soft/moist like I remember . Very dissapointed . From what I 've read , this is a common problem with protein bars sold on Amazon . Not sure why . The expiration says it 's good for another year .
 The product is ok , but I do not recommend having it shipped to you in the summer . In Atlanta . It arrived having melted at some point and re-consolidated itself inside each wrapper .
 The bars were all melted and virtually unusable . -LRB- This is a winter time order ! -RRB- The foil wrapping sticks to the bars and makes them unappetizing and incovenient . Until the seller starts packing with some kind of cold pack -LRB- as I have received in the past -RRB- there will be no more orders and others should steer away from this seller .
 these taste alot better than the chocolate chip brownie version ones , but salt is too high . Both of these products are not worth the money .
 Good value - cheaper through Amazon Prime than my local discount stores . However it tastes terrible & it was a waste for me to buy an entire case . Silly me , I was expecting something closer to the taste of Reese 's Peanut Butter Cups . Be sure to try one of these bars in a store where they sell singles first -LRB- Walgreen 's -RRB- before purchasing a case like I did . If you find you like the way they taste , then I suggest Amazon Prime is the best deal in town .
 I like these but i have so much stomach discomfort from the sugar alcohols . The 3-4 days of bloating and gas are not worth it .
 I ordered the nutrition bars this winter and was really disappointed to open a bar and have more of the `` cream '' come off on the wrapper than stick to the bar . The flavor is ok , not great , but I 'm thinking the bars might not be really fresh . It certainly was n't warm enough to melt the product . It does n't make me want to eat another bar and I have 11 more !! Would n't recommend .
 be VERY careful ordering these from Amazon in the summer months . These are normally my very favorite low carb bar , hands down ... not only are they filling , but they taste great too.The last order I received however , and this was still in May , was a complete MESS . The wrappers looked fairly normal but after opening the wrapper you could see that the chocolate coating had previously melted and hardened again so it was completely stuck to the inside of the wrapper . To make matters worse , as soon as each bar was opened the chocolate flaked off the wrapper and went EVERYwhere . -LRB- Ca n't even imagine how it must be to order them in July or August ! -RRB- It 's a great product but until these hot months are over I 'm opting to pay $ 2.29 a piece at SuperFresh !
 This item arrived all melted and sloppy . And it looked like it had sat around in the wharehouse a long time before it was sent . Very disappointing .
 Once again I 've received a heat sensitive product in a melted condition.NEVER again Amazon !
 Be sure to eat these over a drop cloth , as the chocolate flakes all over the place.These are high in saturated fat.Taste is not bad .
 Very yummy especially for the most staunch chocoholics !! The consistency is not grainy like some protein bars can be and it is very filling !
 Do not take this product if you have CELIAC disease - it will mess you up !!!! It has barley grass in it which is NOT GLUTEN FREE !!!!!!!! Nature 's Plus - Hema-Plex , 30 tablets
 I am gluten sensitive and have to choose supplements that are labeled gluten free . I purchased this product because of its being `` gluten free '' and after taking it , had a terrible gluten reaction . I again took it a few days later to make sure it was n't something else I had ingested with hidden gluten , and again I had the same allergic reaction . I read the label and it states that it has barley grass . There is a lot of debate as to whether those with gluten sensitivities can ingest barley grass or not . I can not so beware if you have a gluten allergy !
 This product seem like the perfect supplement . When I take this product I get the worst stomach pain I had in my life , it feels like I am constipated but no signs of hardness in my poop . All my abdominal area is in pain , with gas . It almost feels like I have been food poison . I do n't think I will be taken this anymore .
 My father has alzheimer , colon cancer and parkinson diseases . We have been used this product especially colon cancer , but that made an interaction with other parkinson and alzheimer products . Therefore , we leaved from this product . But I must be said that our case is a special one .
 The variety pack has three varieties that are all only 10 or 11 grams of protein each , with a whopping 24 grams of sugar . The blend is a basic recipe that they then flavor with various ingredients , like peanut butter or chocolate chips . The mixture is tasty and is a chewy crunchy blend of organic ingredients . But alas the protein count is way too low , and the sugar way too high .
 I love Clif bars . These bars were unfortunately stale and nearly inedible . I nearly broke teeth due to their hard dried out consistency . They may be selling expired or improperly stored Clif bars which is a crime . Buy your Clif bars at the grocery store , not from Amazon . Shame shame shame .
 I knew the bars might be close to expiration but the two boxes I received were six months expired . Amazon refunded the cost but just more hassle than needed . Beware .
 I had been getting this mixed box with subscribe & save for some time . Seems to be the only mixed selection available . Sometimes it seemed that the bars were n't as fresh as should be , so I started checking the expiration dates . My LAST shipment , which I returned , was already a couple of months past the expiration date when it arrived . Very disappointing !
 I had high hopes for these bars . They 're gluten-free , high in protein , and high in fiber . I thought they would be a good snack to add to my day , and hoped they would taste good too . I was wrong on both counts.As far as healthiness , they 're pretty high in sugar
 Clif Bars have gone from one of my favorite energy bars to one of my least favorite due to a recipe change.I contacted them about this and they told me that they knew about the issue and I should n't worry - they would be going back soon.That was many months ago and I just tested them again - same story . Now more than the chocolate chip bars taste sour - the peanut butter and peanut butter and chocolate are the same.I am unwilling to buy from them again - they offered to ship me a replacement sample and never went through with it . Too bad I have 20 useless bars to get rid of now.Before all this - I would have given them a 4/5 or 5/5 as I really liked them .
 I am sitting here on the toilet writing this review , with the worst stomach pain I have ever had ... . I usually have a cliff bar in the morning when I 'm running late for work , they taste great and usually do not give me any problems . Until this morning ... I woke up had some coffee and a cliff bar , went out to mow my lawn and not even 20min later I had to stop due to excruciating stomach pains . . I am not al&eacute;rgic to any ingredients in the various and verified that it was completely sealed before opening . . Luckily for me it 's Saturday and I go not have to go to work ... Buyer be ware ! ! Quality control has gone way down and I may have to go to the hospital due to the pain ... . FU CLIFF BAR !
 I purchased the variety pack of Clif bars . The bars were all very fresh and tasted pretty good . Clif bars are good because since they keep you full for a long time . They are good for hiking , biking , or to keep handy as a meal in a pinch .
 I bought the 2 pack -LRB- 24 bars -RRB- of the cran apple cherry . It tasted good at first because it was new . But after a few times it got kind of dull , then just unappealing . Eating 24 bars in the same flavor got way too boring , it took me over 3 months to finish everything . I would suggest going to safeway or walgreens to pick up a single bar and try it out before you commit to 2 boxes .
 The front of the Cliff Bar has a picture of a guy rock climbing in the mountains . It speaks of action , adventure , and fresh air.I , on the other hand , ate a Crunchy Peanut Butter Bar at my desk . That 's ok I guess because the lack of adventure was matched by the lack of taste . It looked like something I pulled off the bottom of my shoe and tasted pretty much the same . Oh - and what 's that smell ? It does n't smell like peanut butter at all . Frankly , I 'm not really sure what it smells like . I smelled something similar in my car once - it was a dead mouse that had crawed into one of the air vents . when I tunred on the heat it was terrible - the whole car smelled of rancid mouse death . Sort of like this granola bar.I figured that if I ate a granola bar that looked this cool and had `` organic '' on it then I would be cool too . I mean ... heck , if I eat a granola that has adventure written all over it , then I must be an amazing and adventurous person , right ? Any granola that has a paragraph on Euopean bike trips on the back must make me as equally awesome as the granola itself . At least that 's my theory .
 These bars do n't taste that good . There look is AWFUL , and they leave you thirsty - maybe not a good thing when you are in the trail and do n't have much water at hand .
 `` Organic '' does n't mean healthy . There is A LOT OF SUGAR in these . Had I known , I would never have bought them .
 I 'm not sure why , but Drugstore.com cancelled two orders . They never gave an explanation and shoul n't have this product listed if they ca n't fulfill the order .
 This item sucks , it 's like wet unmanageable glogs or sticky crap . I recommend not wasting your money on this item
 I bought this one last week , when it arrived and I saw it was a Doc Johnson item I started to be afraid -LRB- my bad I did n't realize it was -RRB- . I was right , it smells as a previous Doc Johnson toy I bought last year and my wife always refused to use because of its smell . So far only our UR3 material Doc Johnson toys does n't smell like that.One year later , the old one keeps stinking . I tried washing it , with talcum powder , nothing worked !! With such a disappointing odor it does n't look safe for its purpose.Stay away of this item .
 I bought a six-pack of this soap and every single bottle liquifies over time and does not foam . Also , the dispenser is really tough for my 3-year old son to use . It requires two hands for him to push it down . Not kid-friendly at all .
 My wife bought those and I started to take tablets every few days.I think I was sick , because my urine -LRB- and I 'm sorry to say that , but this is what it is -RRB- , turned to be ultra-yellow . It made me immediately think that I 'm sick with fever or some sort of kidney disease.After I realized that I 'm not really sick , I identified tablets as culprit of this `` issue '' . I 'd rather have vitamins , which do n't have such strange affect on me .
 I was surfing amazon , searching out a more biovailable form of magnesium than the oxide form , and went with this because it was cheap . Well , you get what you pay for . Calcium and magnesium are antagonists , canceling each other out in the body . Oh well , at least I 'm getting some malic acid .
 We own several toys and this is the only toy that has had any problems . First the battery hatch chipped . Then the battery compartment cracked into three places . We loved using the toy so much we taped it up and continued to use it , until the wires came loose . This is way too expensive of a toy to have this many problems after 8-10 uses ... and again , we are very careful and take good care of our toys . Prior to it breaking , it was one of your favorites . Now , it 's just a waste of money . Buyer beware.UPDATE - So two months after the first one stopped working , and unable to find a similar size and shaped model to try , we decided to order another one . They had redesigned the battery compartment so we had high hopes that this one would last . It lasted less than two months , maybe 4 uses , before this one died as well . I called Doc Johnson , I emailed Doc Johnson and I used their website `` Contact us '' function to contact Doc Johnson ... and they never , ever replied . After 5 attempts I stopped emailing and just gave up , which is probably what they want since they have my money . They clearly do not care about their customers.My strong advice ... DO NOT BUY DOC JOHNSON PRODUCTS . Over the last five years we have purchased 14 vibrators ... and all three Doc Johnson products we have purchased have failed ... every other product from every other manufacturer is still working .
 Hi I just bought the 3 pack for $ 66.32 , now it is on sale ? for $ 50.98 ? What happened ? The unit prices are the same , did i miss something ? OR is this the typical buy high and then it goes on sale murphys law ? I wonder if AMAZON.com can help or explain ?
 Go to Marpacs website and listen to the samples of their sounds . Listen to the sounds for their most expensive machine 1288 for the sounds of nature and their white sound . -LSB- ... -RSB- Now look up Joe Baker on the amazon website for mp3 downloads and listen to the sounds you can download to your computer by Joe Baker and you will find that his sound quality is much higher . The Ocean Waves are awesome and a .99 cent download , plus they have rain , mountain stream , and even ultrapure white noise for those who do n't want a nature sound for less then a dollar each.After you download these to your computer , burn them to a cd . Use a Cd player in your room that has a repeat playback ability . My wife said that this really helped her since I snore at night . I hope this review saves you money and gets you a great night sleep for only a few dollars .
 I was disappointed with quality of sound and variety of settings for the price paid . Granted you can `` tweek '' using the tone and volume settings however it just never measured up to the quality I expected paying over $ 100 for the unit . It always seemed to have a raspy , sometimes bordering on obnoxious , tone no matter what setting I used . I also expected it to have more in the way of programmable settings versus just putting a critter sound in the background . Alas . Marsona 1288A Programmable Sound Conditioner
 I think my 1974 clock radio had a better speaker in it . This thing sounds horrible . No bass whatsoever . The speaker sounds `` blown '' . The `` tone '' control ranges from tinny to sounding entirely muffled . So the only option tolerable is the `` White Noise '' selection , as the lack of proper sound does n't detract from it . However , try to put the volume above 1/3 and the unit actually vibrates , which makes its own distracting noise ! I 'm amazed this item received any decent reviews .
 I have owned a Marsona Sound Machine -LRB- 1250 -RRB- for over 20 years . I recently took it on a trip , and discovered that it had stopped working at some point in transit . Devastated . I cannotlive/sleep without it . I ordered a new one , a Marsona 1288A , and discovered that it was notperfect like my old one . I can hear the ` looping ' , and my ears can not filter out that sound.Not effective for those of us with sensitive hearing . Out of necessity , I have since hadmy old one serviced locally , now hopefully it will live on another 20 + years ! The old model wasperfect for me . Returning the new one , sad to say ...
 Am unsure whether I 'll return this or not.This device has ~ 8 background sounds -LRB- 2 rain , 2 waves , etc -RRB- . I do n't notice the problem with looping mentioned by others . There are ~ 8 overlay sounds which can be combined with the background noise - mainly various birds . Several of the bird sounds are a little unpleasant ; when I first heard the owl I thought one of my kids was hurt.My main gripe with this product is that when you keep it close by , there is a clear static background hiss at most volumes which becomes very annoying . I think if you were to keep it tucked further away into a corner that would not be an issue.Thinking about it now , this device really does n't do anything that a couple of $ 15 nature CDs ca n't do , & the CDs would likely have better sound quality .
 This unit is not worth the money ... The overlays that you can select are horrible and would keep one awake ! Even with the straight sound , there are mild intrusive overlays that creep in -LRB- they come and go in a consistant manner so must be built into the program -RRB- I think I 'll try Hammacher Schlemmer next since this Marpac does n't cut it !
 I ordered the Marsona based upon a friend 's recommendation of the Travel model . I assumed that this would be a superior edition with more options than the smaller , less expensive Travel model.In attempting to enjoy the usage of this unit for the past several weeks , I find a higher degree of disappointment than I had expected . Despite having `` layering '' ability - adding , say a croaking frog or loons onto a `` base '' soundtrack , it comes across as more gimmicky and unnecessary , actually complicating the purpose of a sound machine or `` conditioner '' - to help disguise outside noises which might interfere with sleep or relaxation . The layering became more of a distraction to me , and I found virtually none of the programmed choices for the base sound to be as soothing as the Brookstone model it was to be replacing . The choices for `` surf '' and `` lake shore '' were actually rather annoying , not as pleasant or soothing as the Brookstone model 's `` surf '' sound , which unfortunately had a downside of a really stupid illuminated face - just what you do n't need when trying to sleep
 This product did not help in the sink like I thought it would have.It stained my sink and I had to throw away .
 this toy was funlike for one use , then i cleaned it and the hose part started to fall out the dildo still feels good but i have to take the squirter hose off so it its not as fun anymore only sed it 2 times before it broke
 Ok well I am SERIOUSLY bummed about this product first of it comes in a mailing box i open the box and its in A BAG !!!! a red satin bag -LRB- you 'd think it would come in a box -RRB- I open the bag and take off the plastic and I ALMOST DIED it smelt SOOOOOOO RANK WTF did you do to make this ?!!!!! Ok so i gave him a bath and he 's a LITTLE better then he was . . next thing is it came with NO DIRECTIONS !!! i spent hrs trying to get the damn thing to go into the tube you think they 'd make it a bit easier . Ok well THANK GOD I DIDNT BUY THIS BECAUSE THIS THING IS CRAP AS OF RIGHT NOW . maybe in a couple of days the STINK will go away . I should leave it outside .
 I admit it is very nice size and I do enjoy the realness of it . The pump however does n't work on mine , :-LRB- I am thinking I got one that was messed up , I have tried and tried and nothing goes through it . Still fun just does n't squirt for me : -LRB-
 This item does not work -- the tube is so small that it wo n't even fill with water ! Defective to be sure and the seller must be aware of this issue because when trying to return it I now find out their policy is to not accept returns but to send me a replacement . Guess they need to get rid of these but that one will just go back too until I 'm tired of it and will toss it . Save your money or buy from a place you can test first . Or better yet , make sure you 're getting from a store who will refund . Who gets away with that now adays on defective items ?!
 ok i mean it does work and everything and its a great visual aid because of how real it looks but it smells so bad ! it irritates my nose even when its accross the room from me . im really considering throwing it away
 This could have been another great protein source but you will only get One gram of protein per one pill which is crazy . Who wants to take 6 pills for 6 grams of protein.As a company I would have never made this product . If there is only 1 gram of protein in one pill , what else is in the pill ? Why is it so big?Do not buy this.GNC sale a protein pill source that you only have to tak 3 small gel pills for 6 plus grams of protein
 I USED THE BOTTLE OF TABLETS AND HAVE SEEN NO DIFFERENCE . THEY ARE VERY LARGE AND I HAD TO CUT THEM IN HALF . NOT SURE IF I WILL CONTINUE TO USE .
 very poor display of product and prices . no relation to mfg prod # . Can not identify to assure right prod.Pricing on Convatec products extremely high . not competitive at all .
 I did not not note any significant change . No weight loss.My blood work showed no significant difference than before I completed taking the bottle of safflower . .
 I purchased this item because an article by Dr. Oz said that taking the Safflower Oil , from the SEEDS , would take inches off my waist.In the first week , I began spotting heavily . I looked the oil up , and found that side effects would include possible spotting , and that safflower oil is taken for use in abortions . WHAT ? I refuse to take anymore pills .
 did not do what it said it would , do , like getting rid of stomach fat and losing weight . compared to chia seed safflower oil is the loser .
 I was told taking safflower oil everyday would help with belly fat so I decided to purchase the softgels to make it easier the problem is these softgels are so darn big I have a hard time swallowing them so I ca n't take them . Not recommended .
 If you 're buying this product in hopes of losing weight ... DO N'T !!! I used the whole bottle as directed and all I lost was my money .
 Ca n't review it as we have not received the product yet . It has been back ordered . We are hoping to try the product soon .
 there was no indication on how many ounces this product was ... for the amount the sprinkles cost , there should have been at least 2 times the amount !!!
 I received this trimmer for Christmas 2008 . Used a couple of times in January ' 09 . Went to use it again and it was dead . Changed the battery , still dead . A whole two uses ! Wow ! On the bright side , it did work well those two times .
 I bought it thinking wow ten bucks not much to pay for it and that is worth buying . Well it wo n't read half of my friends and the ones it can read seem extremely wrong . I bought it without looking at the reviews now I regret that .
 This product is amazing . `` You get what you pay for '' is a commonly used phrase , but with this product that is not the case . You actually get less than what you pay for . I connected the two metal contacts with a paper clip and guess what ? Me and the paper clip have the exact same body fat percentage ! And somehow , my sissors have the same body fat percentage as me and the paper clip ! WOWZERS !
 I 'm so disappointed with this product . I just had a fat analyzer done at a local gym and i bought this to see my progress at home . It isnt accurate at all ! In fact it says that i have 10 percent more body fat than the expensive one at the gym . Even worse , it only works if you tell it that you are a man -- and i am a woman . This was a total waste of money . Do yourself a favor and spend a little more to get a good quality product .
 I purchased this product thinking , `` why not ? It is cheap . '' Well boy was I right . The reading seems to be more a function of the info that you give it rather than any sort of body reading . My mom and I have the exact same readout -LRB- despite VERY different body types -RRB- as long as we enter the same info into the unit . This product was a severe letdown .
 You get what you pay for , I should have know this , and this is a perfect example . I 'm 210 lbs and only 5 ' 9 , so of course it think I am obese fat levels . But of course I 'm a weight lifter and my body fat is at about 16 percent . This device . this device just goes by theinfo you enter into it , I doubt the thumb sensors are even hooked up to anything . It does include an alarm clock , so I guess its worth seven bucks .
 I am confident that my body fat % is between 10 % and 17 % . It may even be a bit lower . This device tells me that I 'm around 30 % . It had a bad interface , a poor feel , and does n't seem well thought out .
 I purchased this so called `` body fat analyzer '' to track my progress and cant believe how cheated out of 6 dollars i felt . im 5 ' 9 170 lift 5-6 times a week and do cardio about 3 times and i have B.F % of 28 according to this piece of crap dont waste your money on this pos .
 It does n't work . At my height and weight , my bmi is around 22 , this says I am 38 % body fat ...
 It appears that this just has a little algorithm that calculates your `` Body Fat '' based upon the sex/height/weight you enter . I took this apart and the thumb sensors are , indeed , plastic . How is an electrical current supposed to pass through your body via plastic ? What we have is a general body fat calculator based upon the information that is input and a basic alarm clock .
 This machine has never once been able to provide me with my BMI , or any BMI in general . My spouse who is skin and bone , was told they were 45 % BMI ... . this was a complete waste of money . Even if it was only $ 6 .
 Decided to try the product , because it looked like fun . This is really not usable . When I purchased , I 'm thinking about the size of your thumb , but this thing is huge . Good luck using it !
 Great concept - too bad the tab insert broke after just four gentle uses , causing the tape to retract into the unit rendering it useless . Also difficult to get an accurate reading . You are supposed to insert the tab and press the button to take up the slack - I tried it several times while in place and the slack adjustment differed by as much as 3/4 '' .
 for what i paid for this for a little more i could by quality protein ... not a bunch of fillers ... and it takes 2 scoops of this to make 24 grams ... not good . . i recommend the dymatize brand whey ... awesome stuff .
 ORIGINAL REVIEW
 Received this product in a very timely manner and yes it does work , but the charger itself is the cheapest piece of junk I have ever seen for $ 20.00 someone is making a load of cash at the customers expense ! I would not buy this particular product again!Philips Norelco Charging Cord 8000X for Speed-XL , Smart Touch , Spectra , Quarda , Precision , Arcitec , Cool Skin Shaver models and more
 It is not 500mg as stated . It is only 350mg . However it was an 100count bottle . I do not like being lied to and will not be dealing with this company again .
 Cooling feeling right when you put it on and then nothing . No change for me at all . Unhappy with the product .
 It did n't excite me one tiny bit & I 'm so disappointed . It 's not terribly warming though , which I was NOT wanting , so that 's a good point . It feels very minty & does n't help nor hinder me . For me , it was not worth it .
 Unfortunately this heating pad does not turn off automatically . I accidentally fell asleep on it and woke up with blisters on my back . The last one I had shut off after a half hour . Yes I am not too bright for falling asleep but a lot of people do that so if you are one who falls asleep with the heating pad ... . do not get this one .
 It was great while it lasted , but it only lasted three months ! I did not abuse it , but I did use it every night . It was n't on all night as it turns itself off after two hours . I would have been my favorite if it had n't died .
 already not working I only had a chance to use the product a few times then stop working . I am not sure what happen I just do n't want to bother with it .
 The item I rec 'd has a 3-heat settings -LRB- low , med , high , plus off -RRB- `` control '' . Unfortunately the control does nothing except turn the pad on and off . The heat -LRB- measured with meter -RRB- is the same at all 3 heat settings
 I have 3 major complaints about this product . First , the picture of the heating pad I THOUGHT I ordered was not the one that arrived . So if anyone else is interested in this particular heating pad -- BEWARE !!! That IS N'T the one you 're going to get ! Amazon.com obviously has the wrong picture listed for this item . Second , the medium setting on this heating pad is n't nearly as warm as the medium setting on my old one so I have to turn this one up to the highest setting in order to get the same amount of heat . Third , once it gets hot -LRB- on the highest setting -RRB- , it then starts to cool down . After it -LRB- cools down -RRB- a little bit , it heats back up again . After a few minutes , it begins to cool down again and so on . This cycle of heating/cooling is continuous the entire time it 's on the hottest setting . I suppose it must be some sort of a safety precaution because it does n't have an automatic shut-off feature but it 's VERY annoying . Nowhere in the Amazon.com description does it mention this feature nor is it even mentioned in the instructions that come with the product itself . As far as heating pads go , this one is okay , I guess . But I was disappointed when I did n't get the one I thought I was ordering .
 I 've owned several of these , and they always need to be replaced after about a year . Generally I retire them when the heating element goes out of control and starts overheating to the point of burning . The slow decline takes several months . First one of the 3 heat levels will stop working , and I will only be able to operate it on the other two levels , and finally I 'll only be able to operate it on the last -LRB- highest and hottest -RRB- level . Then I will notice it getting WAY too hot for comfort . The pad becomes a burned color . A minor but consistent irritant also is that the cover is very skimpy , needlessly so , and his held on by a very feeble snap . The cover immediately falls off every time I use it . I recommend this product for a flame-resistant immobile person .
 This is too stiff and the cover does n't stay on properly . It functions as a heating pad , but there are others that are much more comfortable . This one is so stiff that it does n't lay on the body very well .
 I never tried the heating pad and thus ca n't speak to its various settings , speed of heating , consistency , etc. . I have no idea . I had to return the item because it would not be useful to me with the automatic 2-hour shut off feature . This feature was n't listed in the item description , and several reviewers had mentioned that they were glad to find a pad without it , but as of Oct 2011 , at least the one I received does come with it . Bummer !
 Never really gets hot , just stays a bit warm , not a good purchase for someone looking to remedy aches and pains . Past heating pads I 've used were much more reliable at producing heat .
 I got it to help with some aches and pains and was highly disappointed with this product . I bought it because it 's a great brand and everyone raved about it , but when I plug in the pad and let it sit to heat up it does n't even get as hot as my skin .
 I was not expecting much from a heating pad with such a low price , but this heating pad is worthless unless on high . The medium setting is barely warm to the touch . I bought this product to help after a day of work without spending too much , but the phrase , `` you get what you pay for '' , unfortunately falls into this category . I would buy with caution .
 Bought 2 , and both crinkle up so bad and do not hold thier shape . They do not automatically shut themselves off after awhile either .
 After soaking the sponge insert , you must wring out the `` excess '' water and thenplace it behind the cloth cover . The amount of heat generated is negligible - you can generate more heat by blowing on the affected body part.An other shortcoming is the fact that the unit `` turns down '' for a while losingheat.The best way to achieve moist heat is to put a heavy wet towelette intoa microwave and then apply it to the body part . You can also wrap a water - soaked towel around a hot water bottle for the same effect .
 I have purchased this heating pad for my knee joint . But it is not working satisfactorily . The reasons are as follows :1 - it does not get worm enough even if you set it to its maximum limit .2 - It does not maintain the temperature for long time -LRB- not even constantly for 5 min . . !! -RRB- .3 - you cant tie it around the affected area as it does not have any provision to do so.i am not very satisfied !
 The box stated it had an automatic shut-off after 3 hours . However , mine does not . If you like an extra hot heating pad , this is the one for you ! I usually use them on low or medium . The low setting on this one just about burns me to death !
 Like many of the other reviewers , I found that this heating pad only stays hot for about 3 minutes before the heat automatically turns itself down . The only thing I could do was turn it off and then on again , but I never felt like it got as hot as the first time.Also , it has a really strong plastic-y smell that rubs off on whatever you 've been using the pad on - in my case , my wrist/arm . This is going back !
 I 'm from the &#34; old school &#34; I guess , I want value for my money.Amazon reviews are usually close to the truth which is why I bought this instead of a higher priced item . Maybe these are new offerings , not the older models which actually worked well . Whatever the case , I bought one offline and one in a store -- both failed miserably ... did not maintain a high heat -- think they both had a HIGH heat twice , and that 's it . Failed to maintain the heat and most of the time , LOW heat was all you got , even though the heating pad setting was on HIGH.Save you time and energy and just go for a higher priced heating pad like Battle Creek , Thermophore or something else . I 'm trying BodyMed which is in the $ 40 price range ... will let you know when I receive it .
 This heating pad does what a heating pad is supposed to do . However , I was really surprised that it does n't have automatic shut off ! i have a really similar one -LRB- I thought I was buying an identical one -RRB- that does shut off . This is especially disappointing because my husband likes to have it on his back in bed , and he wakes up covered in sweat -LRB- I realize the directions probably say not to sleep with it on , but surely lots of people do this -RRB- . I would recommend spending a few dollars more for one with automatic shut off .
 This heating pad does not get warm enough . I have another one that on low gets warmer than this pad . I am not impressed at all .
 This was supposed to be a `` Sunbeam Health at Home '' heating pad . The one I got was called `` Soft Heat soothing therapy . '' I would n't have minded a substitution except this is horrible . There are 3 heat settings and only a one button to control all of it , including the on/off function . I press the button to turn it on and to scroll from low to medium to high . I do n't mind that , but because the main button is used to scroll through the settings , there is no OFF setting ! It goes low , medium , high , and back to low , instead of going to off . There is n't even any WAY to turn it off , except by unplugging it.The instructions say that if the pad has gone to the auto-shut off , I should press the power button to turn it off , then select the heat setting I want . Yet , the power button does NOT turn it on or off once it has auto shut down -LRB- or ever -RRB- . I have to unplug it , then plug it back in . Also , mine starts to heat up then goes immediately into auto shut down without even getting warm.Perhaps mine is defective , but either way , I will be returning this and will NOT buy the same kind again . Even if it did work as stated , it is n't as good a design as the one I have at home -LRB- this one is for at work -RRB- .
 I have bought 4 heating pads ; 3 months later they were not working . One of them burnt ; yes , it had several burning marks . Amazon did not want to send me new heating pads because it was over the 30 day window to replace them . I had to deal with the manufacturer . I will never buy this item again . I had one from CVS that lasted for years and I was never in danger .
 ordered 731-500 moist/dry heat.received 756-5 no moist heat option , no sponge.i 'm keeping it because i 'm lazy , price was only $ 13.11 and also had to rip package to open it .
 This product is very badly designed and produced . There is no auto-shutoff on the heat , which could lead to a fire hazard . The cover starts to come off as soon as you start to use it .
 electric heating pad that does not sut off after a period time has burded my 16 year old daughter . very dangerous item sjould be removed befor oyher people are injured . i will eat cost not worth the effert to return . please advise what you will be doing about this for the safty of others bill beeby
 I ordered the Sunbean heating pad and I 'm very disappointed with the product as it does not get hot enough . The company sent me an email asking me to comment but I had trouble with the link to respond . Just as it 's impossible to contact Amazon.I do n't like to use Amazon becasue I ca n't call anyone there . I 've been disappoinbted every since I got the heating pad but did n't know how to contact anyone . I just went back checking old emails and found this one . Gail Davis gail@hagdav.comMy name is Gail Davis . I have the account . My husband Haggai Davis is dead .
 I ordered this heating pad on 11/04/09 and received an email on 11/13/09 stating that it was out of stock . I cancelled the order when I received the email from AmericaRX , but they sent it anyway.I called them and they said to return the package and I would get my refund of $ 14.80 . I still do not have my refund.Linda Sarofim
 Colgate falls into the trap with this product that almost every company who produces shave cream in pressurized cans does
 I do n't feel satisfied because the material is not as espected.I hurt my hand using crutches and I was trying to find something soft , but the material is the same that I already have in my crutches .
 I found this heating pad to be very small . The gel does help to give a soothing heat . The quality is good . The control does get hot .
 Over the past year , I purchased both the Clio 3250 and the Remington MSC-140 . They 're in the same price range but the Remington is much better.Where the Clio tugs at my stubble , the Remington shaves it smoothly . The Remington is more comfortable in the hand and generally seems to be superior in design .
 The long and short of it is , Clio LightSpeed just does not work . I recommend theRemington MSC-140 Men 's Titanium Travel Shaver -LRB- formerly called ShaveMan -RRB- . What I can accomplish comfortably in 3 minutes with the Remington is not doable in 20 minutes with the Clio . The Clio , for whatever reason , just does n't cut facial hair . And going over and over and over the same area until my face is sore does n't help either . The makers of the Clio disposable shavers have been getting poor product review feedback for a few years by now and are apparently getting rid of the -LRB- still current ? -RRB- Clio design , even to the extent of switching manufacturer sources -LRB- second-hand info -RRB- . I 've left off pros & cons columns for this review just because the issue is simple and singular . If this item fulfilled its one intended purpose to any appreciable degree , I 'd give due credit . As it is , there are no pros for a shaver that ca n't shave properly and that pulls out -LRB- painfully ! -RRB- individual hairs rather continually during use.Don ' t buy the Clio LightSpeed disposable shaver unless you just want to see for yourself how bad it is !
 I thought this was a shaver but it 's not it 's a shaper/trimmer . Do n't cut hair good @ all .
 The Clio Cordless 3250 Shaver does not give a close enough shave to even justify its modest price . The screen is too thick . The shaver 's body is too bulky to be the light , handy instrument my 20 year old Braun battery shaver was before I dropped it on concrete . Mike Sloan
 I ordered two of this razor , one for myself and one for gift . After I try to use mine and found it does not shave too good , -LRB- Too slow and not closed enough . -RRB- I just through them away .
 Space age outer design encases a useless device . I would bet it is almost child safe . The unit does not shave my very very light beard . One more purchase like this and I quit these opportunity dot coms to avail myself of the latest in total SCAMS .
 This heating pad was to replace another Sunbeam pad that has provided many years of excellent service . This pad , however , provides almost no heat . It vibrates well , but unless you are looking for a massager , I would recommend you forego the additional cost and just buy a heating pad that knows how to do Job # 1
 For massage part is okay , however the heating part is not warm enough . You can only feel a little warm . Finally got return it .
 Orignally , I thought the massager aspect would be a nice addition and it is . However , the humming tends to be a bit louder than I expected ... so I would advise to keep it on the low setting . As for the heating aspect , it does n't get hot at all or rather it does n't produce enough heat -LRB- at least -RRB- for me and only 1 side heats up . BARELY gets luke warm at BEST . If you 're looking for a real good heating pad -LRB- 1 that will actually produces heat -RRB- ... THIS IS NOT IT . I 've already requested a refund .
 I believe if the vibration was removed , the heatinig mechanism would be better and hotter I needed intense heat , this did not deleiver
 Bought this product thinking that it has a nice massage setting . But the massage feature of this product is horrible . . just too much of noise . not only that , the product takes 15 minutes to heat up and then too does not give enough heating.But returns on Amazon are amazing . Had asked for refund and instantly got one too . thanks Amazon
 Like another reviewer here , I found that the massage portion fails ... for me very quickly , after about 2 months of use . Very cheaply made product .
 Ordered this for my husband to replace worn out old , inexpensive heating pad.This one is dissappointing . It does not get very hot & is too noisy when on vibrate.He barely uses it . He carried his old one from room to room like Linus from the Peanuts w / his blanket : -RRB- I do not recommend this product .
 Terrible . . small and feels like a plastic mess . . does not stay on for the heat part very long . . the massage part of it is a joke . . I should have returned it but put with it for now ... do not buy this one !!
 I would like to have known before I purchased the pad that you could not lean or lie on it . It was of no use to me at all since I needed it for my lower back .
 After only almost a year of consistent , but infrequent use , the massage portion failed . It was an odd product , anyway , having to emplace in one direction and its massage was variable in output . Not recommended .
 As a heating pad , I give this thing 1 star . It takes forever to warm up to ` maximum ' , which is a pitiful amount of heat . Even with the cover taken off , heat on ` high ' , and the pad against my bare skin , it still is n't much warmer than the body heat given off by your average house cat . That might be enough for other reviewers , but not me.As a massage pad , I give it 2.5 stars . Yeah it 's loud , but it does feel nice and relives some soreness as long as you are leaning or lying down on it so that it presses into you . Otherwise you wo n't even feel anything.I 'd recommend this pad as a -LRB- very -RRB- cheap massager if you have some mild back soreness or something . I wanted this thing for heat therapy on my wrists , but the heat is n't nearly high enough to help anything . I guess I 'm going back to microwaving a sock full of rice .
 Probably should not have given it one star , zero is appropriate . Another piece of expensive China junk . Ordered in November 2009 , but it stopped working properly after about 6 months , and it was not abused . I should have sent it back right away , but I got lazy . Very low heat at any setting , and the so-called massage setting just weakly vibrates at an erratic RPM . Any chance Amazon will give me a refund and go after whoever bought the Sunbeam name ? Certainly , I will never buy another Sunbeam product , it used to be a good company .
 The pad is WAY too small and WAY to thick . The vibrate is way too LOUD and I hate the auto shut off in 1 hour . The low heat is too hot if you plan to lay on it and that is if you can lay on it -LRB- so thick and small -RRB- like a hard back book . : -LRB- I should have not made an impulse buy and just have read more reviews here . This was a waste of money .
 I ordered this product Jan. 14 . '11 to help my baby sleep at night . . it is now Feb. 16 . '11 and I have not received it yet !!
 It went bad and smelled like it was on fire . Sent it back I sent it to my sister and this happened to her.It really scared her .
 This Sunbeam 730-811 heating pad plus massage is a good idea in theory but it is really too small . The internal workings all ended up in a big ball all rolled up when you use it and it heats up for awhile . It also does n't have enough cushioning covering the vibrating mechanism , and it feels like sitting against something obtrusive all the time . I have back problems so I thought this would help ... well , it maybe lasted four months and I see amazon has a one month return policy so I have to see if I can get my money back from the manufacturer . I paid over $ 25.00 for this and it better last more than four months ! The pad had a hot smell and it turned off with both lights on ... . it shorted out and a good thing it did n't start on fire . It sure smelled hot . I 'll try to return it and tell you if I got my money back .
 As some of the other reviewers noted , this did not get nearly hot enough . It was also too small and the thickness -LRB- probably to allow the massage -RRB- was uncomfortable . The massage portion is very loud even when I had ear buds in . I returned it after turning it on twice .
 I had to return it because it was shipped without a cord . Wish I could have used it , but I did n't want to order it again to have to go through the trouble of returning again .
 Only kept this for one day before sending it back as it only heated up to lukewarm and was way too thick to put behind your back when sitting in a chair . Heat was totally insufficient to provide any relief . Massage part seemed to work OK .
 I guess I must be an anomaly - I like my heating pad to get HOT . Unfortunately that is not a feature of this one ! It usually gets lukewarm - and the heat does not stay constant . I 'm not sure if it is the 60 minute shut off -LRB- which I also hate - a 2 hour shutoff is fine but 1 hour is not long enough ! -RRB- or what but it seems to heat up -LRB- after about 5 minutes -RRB- to medium hot and then it stays that way for about 20 minutes and then it feels like it spends the next 30 minutes gradually decreasing heat until it shuts off.The massage action is nothing big nor really useful . It is sufficient to vibrate you a little and that 's fine for what it is . It is a small heating pad . Part of the reason I bought this one is that I wanted something that would stay where I put it - instead of kind of folding over on itself which happens with regular heating pads . I 'll give this pad that - it does stay . It is very thick and not uncomfortable to lay on.So the massage and stay-put ` ness of this works - now if the thing could just HEAT UP ! Truly it does not get warmer than the spot on my couch that my cat sleeps on . Given the cost of electricity in the winter the cat is cheaper AND she is cuddly!So I think if it was advertised as a Sunbeam Health at Home Warm Plus Vibration Heating Pad that would describe it better . I 'm going back to my cheap generic brand that heats up so well it can get my muscles relaxed !
 I ordered this heating pad , specifically for the automatic shut-off , which does n't work . The pad does not come with a power source , so thats another thing you have to have around or run to radio shack to get , which sort of defeats the purpose of AMAZON . It barely heats up . The cover is only has three snaps , and it does n't stay on very well . The vibrating mode is OK . Also , as other reviewers have said , it is too small .
 I wanted a heating pad for my lower back but also one I could use on my shoulders and neck . This heating pad is okay for the back but not for the shoulders . At first I liked that it was thick and seemed to support my lower back , but after a while that thickness started to bother me . It heats up okay , not crazy about the massage feature and would prefer a soft heating pad without the bulk . I bought two of them and am sorry I did .
 Very attractive package but that 's all . Ridiculously difficult to fill quickly -LRB- compared with dispensers such as Detach 'n Go -RRB- . The capper was that the flimsy plastic lid covering one of the bins snapped off the very first time I tried to fill it . Useless . If it did n't cost more to ship the bloody thing than it 's worth I 'd return it .
 very difficult to open and one of the lid stems broke off when removing to fill the container . Would not recommend !
 The boxes were bigger than I expected , the whole thing does n't have a cover so it is not portable for going away , each box is too big to put in the pocket to take for the day , and you ca n't see into them to know if they are filled or not . A big disappointment for my needs .
 I thought this would be perfect for organizing my vitamins . But , it is VERY difficult to open the compartments ... and I found it scraped my knuckles in a mildly painful way every time I opened . One of the lids broke the first time I was filling them ... and the clear tray was cracked when delivered . Save your money ...
 These cases are extremely difficult to open and shut . If you have a number of medications to set out ahead of time , you need something your fingers and hands have a simple time opening and closing.Trying to open these in the morning or evening without dumping the contents was a challenge and painful.I had to constantly pull at the tops to keep them open enough when I was filling them.Having them all in one spot , with pre labeled days and compartments sounded great , but these are bulky . Not easy to grab just the PM , and place in a pocket or purse.I set these up for a week-grumbled the entire time because I had to constantly pry them open trying to fill them-and used for exactly 1 day . TRASH ! What I have used in the past and will keep using
 I 've had the smaller version of this pill holder for at least 4 or 5 years . It 's been great and has lasted through lots of times opening and closing , putting in my pocket and purse , etc. . I bought this version because I now take more meds and needed more room . The lid came right off after the first time I opened it on the `` Friday PM '' section . I love the idea of the compact storage and all , and have had great service with my first set , but I 'm disappointed that this new version did n't even hold up to one opening of the lid . Take your chance if you buy this . Maybe I just got a defective set .
 This is the power toothbrush that is saving my teeth . I 'm 52 and my teeth have never been cleaner . I think this last batch of replacement brushes is actually better than previous ones I 've used . Although these are the `` soft '' brushes I 've always used , the bristles seem sturdier without being hard . Perhaps it 's just my perception , but these are the best brushes I 've used.OK , that was the original five star review I gave these brushes . Sturdier ? Yup and harder too . In fact , they 're completely different from real Oral-B brushes . The blue bristles are darker blue and they do n't get lighter in color as the brush wears . This is an important part of the Oral-B system because it lets you know when to change brushes . They also fit more loosely on the handle and fall off sometimes . The real Oral-B brushes fit snugly and never fall off.I 'm very disappointed these brushes are still being foisted on the public by Amazon and this vendor.Oral-B brushes , as far as I know , are NOT packaged four to a pack . They are either single or three to a pack.I have praise for the Oral-B product and the effect it 's having on my teeth , but these brushes are fake . Do not buy ! Get the real three pack shipped from Amazon . I do n't trust the other vendors . Note that some of the vendors that show three packs in the photo have reviews -LRB- mostly one star -RRB- that describe receiving the four packs . Buyer beware !
 Not a very good product at all ! Cheaply made . I did n't know it was a generic - I could n't tell from the product description that was shown when I purchased them . It inferred that it is OEM , but it 's not !
 The brush heads that I got fit the motor but they were a poor after market some wo n't even turn . . ?????
 This item was advertised as being compatible with all models of the Oral-B battery-powered toothbrush . The brush heads appeared to fit my Oral-B toothbrush but it kept popping off the shaft while in use . After less than a -LRB- frustrating -RRB- month of use , a metal piece dislodged from within the brush head , making it totally unusable . The 4mm cylindrical metal piece dislodged into my mouth and could have caused injury if aspirated into my lungs .
 I have only used this for a few days . I have not noticed increased milk production yet , hopefully that will come . However the drops are the most vile thing I have tasted to my memory . This is probably more effective than pills , but you might actually take the pills .
 Although I suspect the product itself is just fine , it did n't work for the purpose I bought it for -LRB- increasing lactation -RRB- . I saw no difference in my milk production , though I believe the size of my breasts increased.But it might work for you -- worth a try !
 I followed the dosage and took it either by itself or with less than an ounce of water . I was really hoping it would help boost my milk supply but no luck . I 'm very familiar with my milk supply volume because I 've been trying to increase it for months , and after using the goat 's rue for about 4 weeks or so , I was n't producing so much as an extra mL . I have nothing against the product , packaging or seller , it 's just that the product did not yield any results for me.I hope it works better for you than it did for me . Good luck , all you mommas .
 I followed the instructions but it tasted horrible and did n't work for me :-LRB- . I would give it another try with my next baby and see if it works then , but no luck this time .
 The taste is really hard to swallow but not totally unbearable . I had no increase in milk , i was really disappointed because I was hoping it would work .
 I purchased this Goat 's Rue after reading that it was a somewhat effective treatment for PCOS . I wish I had n't read that . It tastes absolutely VILE . It was all I could do to choke it down each day . I HAD to mix it with water , though it says not to take it with more than 2oz . -LRB- I mixed it with maybe an ounce or two . -RRB- There was really no other way to get it into my body without mixing it with water . It smells like dirt but tastes a hundred times worse.I ca n't really say if it worked , because after about a month I just could n't stomach it anymore . During the time I took it , I did n't notice a change in my cycles or any noticeable change in ANYTHING at all.If you want to try it , Amazon definitely has the best price . Motherlove brand is the best from what I 've heard/read , but their website charges far more for the same size .
 Like it has said before . Every woman is different . The 1 rating is from my experience . I ca n't give it a 5 if it did nothing for my milk supply . I tried fenugreek as well and it did n't do anything . What worked for me was brewers yeast and Odul 's non alcoholic beer . I hate all alcohol , but I can say the hops in it really helped a lot . I was one of those who produced NO more than 2 ounces a day . If I were to do it again with another baby I would not try goat 's rue again but I would try the fenugreek again and start day 1 whether I am having problems or not . I was told that fenugreek works best if you begin it immediately . I definitely would do brewer 's yeast . I would actually ask my doctor if I could take the brewer 's yeast during the pregnancy but not the fenugreek .
 I had problems with low milk supply and this was recommended . I took it as directed for two months with no results at all .
 The lotion can help make your nasal tissues stick together . Also , some people can have some serious reactions to ingredients in the lotion . It was suggested I use plain white tissues with no color or lotions . If I wanted to lubricate my nasal passages , I should use saline spray or gel instead of lotion .
 I began using Puffs w / Lotion last month during a cold as the days went by my nose got extremely itchy , bumpy and swollen , then began peeling . Terrible peeling ! The itching was so bad that at night I had to use a mild cortizone . When I ran out of tissues I began using a non-lotion variety and within days the itchy red nose went away.Last week I grabbed a few Puffs with Lotion from the bathroom at work and with in hours the itchy bumps were back.No more Puffs w. Lotion for me !
 The pad cover comes off every time I use it . You only secured it with one snap , you should have used at least three or a plastic zipper . The switch is also an issue , it seems you have to turn it on twice to get it to turn on . The reason I have no clue.As a home economist I relied on your brand when ordering on line . I was truly disappointed .
 This is supposed to be a heating PAD , not a heating WAD ! Simply putting it behind my back caused it to bunch up , and it can not be straightened out . It 's not very hot either , but the bunching up is a major problem .
 I have had the heating pad set on high for 20 minutes the temperature with my infrared temperature scanner were between 85 and 105 . Heat distribution was not uniform . wide range of temperature variations . I removed the thin sponge pad that came with the heating pad before the test . I will be returning the product , definitely would not recommend or buy .
 something wrong with heating pad only half of the pad heats up this is not a good item would not buy another
 I looked long and hard for a heating pad with a moist heat option and was encouraged with the positive reviews for this item . But the real deal is not so cool . The moist option is a thin sponge that 's not nearly as large as the heating pad itself . And guess what ? The heating pad cover is not waterproof . So you place the skinny sponge in hot water , slip it in the cover , turn on the heat and end up very damp . Not cool at all .
 Does n't get hot enough for me . I want enough heat to penetrate into the tight muscles , but this one wo n't do it . The hottest setting is just warm to me . My wife likes it though . Maybe it 's good for skinny people . The 9 ft. long cord is nice .
 This electric heating pad does n't stay on more than an hour at a time . It 's really annoying . I 'll plug it in and put my dog on it , and the next time I look , my dog is freezing , and the pad is off .
 The heating pad works all right . But it shuts off every 2 hours and that is a pain in the neck . You have to push the control to `` off '' , and then restart it . I did n't know it had this automatic shut off when I ordered it .
 I am generally a huge fan of Sunbeam products , especially their heating pads . They will usually last me several years even with very heavy usage and I 'm quick to suggest them to friends . But this particular model has been such an incredible disappointment that I felt it important to post a review . My husband picked this up for me late at night at CVS because my favorite large one finally gave up the ghost right in the midst of my dealing with a pinched nerve in my back . He tried to find one similar to my old one , but this was the closest he was able to locate.Honestly , I knew as soon as I pulled it out of the package it was going to be trouble . First , the covering is this polyester material which is sort of scratchy ... like a cheap imitation microfiber towel . It has a sponge inside of it which is smaller than the pad itself , and the cover barely closes over the pad and has just a single snap to hold it in place . Still , it 's a Sunbeam ... how bad can it be , right?Bad . Really bad . Trying to use this on my back it is constantly basically melting into itself . It wo n't hold its shape , it sort of collapses down onto itself the warmer it gets . I am constantly having to pull it out from behind me and smooth it out flat again so I can use it for a few more minutes before it does the same thing.Then there 's the controller . You slide a switch to the setting you want , only , the switch does n't really seem to `` click '' into place on any of the settings . I do n't know if this is related to the next problem or not , but some of the time when I turn it on , the entire pad heats up as it should ... other times , only 1/3rd of the pad will heat . Now granted , perhaps this product has some kind of short ... maybe I just got a bad one ... but given the way the plastic pad and coils seem to constantly collapse in on themselves , I 'm not inclined to think so.We 're going to return this to CVS and purchase the Sunbeam 807-811 from Amazon instead , which is more like my old one . Please do n't get me wrong , I am still a HUGE fan of Sunbeam 's and continue to consider their heating pads to be the best available ... this is the first time I 've had a problem with one . I simply think that unless you are already well familiar with this exact model and style of pad -LRB- rubber/plastic insert inside a polyester cover -RRB- , you probably do not want to order this model sight unseen . I think you will find it disappointing and not at all on par with what you would normally expect out of Sunbeam products .
 Many say this pad does n't get hot enough . The PROBLEM is n't the pad
 After buying a Sunbeam heating pad for myself at a local store , I decided to buy one for my sister . I recently visited her and borrowed it and was unpleasantly surprised that this model -LRB- # 764 -RRB- is not as useful as the one I had bought at a local store.This model has it 's heating element encased in a very heavy plastic cover , then a detachable fabric cover that can be washed . The idea sounds good , but flexing the pad you hear a plastic noise and there is only ONE snap that holds the fabric cover on . The heating pad frequently came out of the fabric cover while i was sleeping.The one I bought for myself , which I am happy with , is this model - which does n't have noisy , heavy plastic and can be moistened to improve heat conduction through the skin : SunBeam heatsense auto-off heating pad with size
 I had this for less than 2 weeks when it stopped working completely and I just threw it away . Never again .
 This item did not work . The heating pad does not heat up . Defective ! This item is NOT recommended for purchase . Does not work at all .
 Kind of tough on the jaw . Doubt it has any effect other than strained jaw muscles . Loses flavor after a few chews .
 I absolutely would NOT ever buy this expensive stuff again . Yes , great for the environment , but terrible on the clothes it washes . I follow instructions on amount . It does n't suds up at all , the water feels slightly greasy , and then - it leaves white stains all over the dark clothes . So I wash it over and new stains appear.Interestingly , I wanted to notify the company of this problem , but their site gives no way to contact .
 I did a lot of reading on many , many website , forums and the like before shelling out my hard earned money on this product . I am very surprised by how poorly it has worked for me . Every single load I have done with it , no matter what the size or the water temperature still had powder residue left on it.I have tried : Putting the very carefully measured powder -LRB- very clever little measuring device they came up with I must say -RRB- into the washer first , then the clothesPartially filling the washer with water then sprinkling the powder then adding the clothesPutting the powder in and filling the washer with water , giving the powder a chance to dissolve before putting in the clothesAnd as I said , I have tried this with hot , warm and cold regular wash cyclesAND I STILL HAVE MASSIVE AMOUNTS OF WHITE POWDER ON MY CLOTHES ! This is after the rinse cycle and even on those that go into the dryer -LRB- done hoping the air and tumbling would knock the residue off . -RRB- And my clothes just are n't all that clean either . They feel like there is something filmy on them -LRB- duh -RRB- and do not smell as fresh as they should.I bought this after searching for an earth friendly alternative to Tide unscented powder -LRB- very highly recommended for bespoke shirts -RRB- . I wasted a lot of money on this as I bought the 4 pack - again after reading many , many extremely positive reviews posted elsewhere . Now I have to buy something else . I thought I may try the Ecover liquid laundry soap but right now I am so frustrated that I want nothing more to do with any of this company 's products!If anyone else knows the trick to getting this product to work properly , I would certainly love to hear how you did it because it has performed dismally for me .
 I am not going to comment on the effectiveness of the B12 itself , that varies from person to person and can be somewhat hard to judge . However , there is no sign of Cherry flavor , and to me , at least , the taste is very bad and lingers for some time .
 I saw alot of the reviews stating that the product was n't hot enough . I thought that I would decide for myself as I am not hard to please . However , the pad did not provide the heat needed to ease my pain . Heat on a scale of 1-5 with 5 being very hot would be 2 .
 I used this item less than 10 days and it stopped working . It was clearly the switch . The pad itself is great - no sliding cover , no sharp plastic corners but since it does n't work it was a terrible waste of money . I am disabled and I work a 50 hour week and returning things is just not in my nature so I still have it . Please do not purchase this item if you need reliability .
 I bought this heating pad because it was large . Well , it was large . No problem there . The problem is ... it does n't get hot enough . Merely warm . I was sooo disappointed ! If you want a pad that heats ... this is not for you . Maybe it 's just me ... but at the highest setting , I found it warm at best.So ... I have returned it . It 's probably easier to buy a heating pad at Walgreens so the return will be easier . What a hassel .
 This pad barely got warm . It 's going back ! Since this is the same complaint as with another Sunbeam model I tried , I suspect it is n't defective but intentional ... probably for legal reasons . But should n't a heating pad actually have some heat to it ??
 When ever I use this heating pad I find myself wondering whom I can tell that it stinks ! The cord disconnects from the pad , for safety reasons , when you lean on it , and then turns itself off , but you ca n't really tell when it is off ... until it 's cold . To turn the heating pad on again , the button function is complex and noisy -LRB- when you have a sleeping person next to you -RRB- ; you have to click through to see if it 's on or off ... which function number has come on ... the light does n't always come on so you have to turn on the lamp ... when you finally completely wake up and click through the functions , unplug it from the pad , unplug it from the wall , and get it on again ... you lean back onto it ... and it goes off again . I do not recommend this heating pad.The only positive point is that the low is very low ; most heating pads I find the low to be too hot.Since writing the above review , my mother called me to tell me that the heating pad wire , where it connects to the heating pad , cracked and both of the copper wires were exposed and that I should check mine since we got them at the same time ... I checked mine and I noticed the same thing ; where the wire joins to the pad both copper wires were exposed and it was quite a fire hazard so I am going to find a way to report this problem since it is dangerous and it happened to me an my mom in the exact same part of the wire ; it must be a weak link . Thanks to Amazon I just filled out a form to let a government agency know about the problem.Since I had this cracked wire problem , I asked my friend to check theirs and they had the same problem ; I have collected all three and hope to find a government agency who is interested because I feel this is a very dangerous device . But since I have written this review so many people have bought them!The following brand is far superior and really works great and much higher quality!Battlecreek # 358 Deluxe Bed Warmer with Dual Temperature Switch
 Horrible . It didnt even heat up on the highest setting . I 'm returning it today actually , and when I opened the package there was a scratch on the controller as though it was defective , and someone returned it already after trying it . . and then it was just resold.Dont get it .
 I bought this for my neck which often hurts from using the computer too much and it is useless . It has these stiff ribs that prevent it from bending and conforming to tight areas like between my neck and shoulder . If you wanted it for warming your back it would probably be fine but what were they thinking when they designed this ?
 This item was bought to replace the sunbeam model that this pad 's re-placing . I owned the original pad for less than 6 mo. when it died . Since the warranty was still active I returned it to sunbeam only to be told that the wiring breaking at the `` pad 's connection point was 100 % MY FAULT , & therefore NOT covered by the warranty '' ?? I have to say that I 'm even less thrilled with this buy because it does NOT even come close to getting hot enough !! In addition the `` ORIGINAL '' pad had timing options that would allow it to run for 30 min-4 hrs in 30 min . increments . It also had the option of `` staying on '' ! This pad however give you only 2 choices , 2 hrs or on stay on!I must say I 'm very disappointed by Sunbeams products , & the ONLY reason I bought this pad was because of the CONSTANT ON FEATURE -LRB- which I have to say is needed since the pad never gets warm , `` let alone hot enough `` to give you the instant relief you often need . I now find myself leaving this item on for 12-15 hrs a day . & basically just wearing it around to keep some of the aches at bay !!
 This goes back tomorrow . Received it today . Does n't heat up on high , you can barely feel any heat at all . Used my old fashioned hot water bottle and never appreciated it more . Shame on you Sunbeam for labeling this a `` Heating Pad '' . This product is just a waste of money .
 I would have rated it five star , except the control was made overly complicated . I think ten settings for heat and then many settings for how many hours two , four , six hours or continuous on -- WHY make it so diffcult to operate . And the instuctions , goodness , almost useless !
 How bad can things get ? I ordered this mid-December ; when it arrived , I found that it did n't heat up beyond a super-low setting -- even on High , it was barely warm . I called Sunbeam , and they said the control was defective and they 'd send a replacement the following day . The replacement arrived on February 6th ! I plugged it in and guess what ? It was even more useless than the other ! Some people on here have good functioning pads , so I suspect there are a number of bad ones , or they 've been reconditioned or returned and Sunbeam is just playing Russian Roulette with the orders . I had a similar Sunbeam pad for years and I loved it -- it died after much use and I was trying to replace a really great heating pad . I 'm really sick of this !
 It does n't get very hot/warm . For how large it is it did n't get but luke warm . Other thank that it would be a wonderful item for its size .
 I bought this heating pad with the thought in mind that it was large and would cover a sore shoulder . It has worked for 6 months now , but has started to shut itself off every time I plug it in . The light blinks as if it has been on too long right after I plug it into the wall . This is very frustrating , and I can not return it.Save your money and do not buy this heating pad .
 The power cord pulling out is quite irritating , as is the loud controller ... but the final straw was when I started getting `` F1 '' and `` F2 '' errors after about 10 uses . The pad refuses to heat up at all now . Sunbeam sure has gone downhill .
 When I first bought this - I could n't have been happier . It did n't crumple , the heat was even - I thought I had found the perfect heating pad . Then the controls stopped working entirely . Not a year old , and my much needed heating pad was functionally useless . Because of this - I really can not recommend this product .
 This produst appears to be an excellent heating pad until the box is opened . It is only then that the lead content in the wiring is discovered with a warning to wash one 's hands after using . Quite an inconvenience if one requires the use of this product ! The warning should have been offering in the blurb on Amazon !
 once again a heating pad that doesnt heat !!!! the box says the most advanced heating pad ... i laugh in the face of anyone who thinks this is a great heating pad ...
 It was not very big to be a king size heating pad but the worst part was that there was a short in the on and off button and it only worked for a few day then I could n't get it to turn on anymore . I would not recommend it .
 I have had to purchase 4 of these heating pads in the last year and a half or so , I will not purchase another . Some sort of a problem develops with the controller . When I try to turn it on , the light just blinks and the pad does not heat up.In October 2009 I purchased the fourth one . I was very careful to keep my receipt this time . Today it has quit working . After trying to work with Sunbeam to replace the third unit last October I decided to purchase the fourth . Other things were going on and I did not have the tim to try to deal with it . I should not have to take a 6 month old heating pad in for service . Does this seem absurd to anybody else ? Well , there obviously is something defective with these heating pads so I will not purchase another one . Hopefully , I can get the two that I still have repaired or something . Otherwise they will end up in the trash like the first two did.Sunbeam had me go through a reset procedure with the third that did not affect the operation of the pad . They also asked if I had used an extension cord or power strip with it . I had and told them so . Evidently using an extension cord with these can cause damage to the unit.I am on my way to the store now , and definitely will not purchase another Sunbeam !!
 Sunbeam Health at Home 809-015 , King Size 14 '' x 18 `` I read several reviews before purchasing this but some people said it was hot enough and others said that it was not so I took my chances . I was disappointed . The heating pad I currently own is not hot enough and this one was even less hot on the highest setting . I returned it .
 I agree with those who say this pad does n't get hot enough . Maybe some people 's do , and maybe some others just like the pad cooler . But on the highest setting , I do n't think this got as hot as the low setting on my 30-year-old pad.In addition :1 . It has a digital display with no backlight . You have to have the light on to see to set it .2 . Only the quilted part heats up , and that 's about the size of a standard pad . The borders do n't heat.There were a few things I did like :1 . Long cord .2 . Washability .3 . The cover does n't slip off.Nevertheless , I want a heating pad that heats . I 'm sending this one back .
 I decided to buy this heating pad on the strength of a number of good reviews , and although I had noticed that there were some people saying they felt that the pad 's highest setting did n't produce enough heat , others said that it was `` really hot . '' Anyway , my pad certainly does n't get NEARLY as hot as I 'd expect it to . It 's very disappointing , actually . I do n't know if it 's a defect , or if there are variations between individual items in this regard , but it 's hard for me to imagine how anyone could possibly say that MY pad gets `` really hot . '' I 'd describe it more as `` luke-warm '' -- and that 's at the HIGHEST setting .
 I sent this heating pad to my 75 year old sister in upper Michigan . I never saw the pad . I sent it direct . When I called her to check on it , she tearfully told me that it came with a warning that it had lead in the power cord , and that she should wash her hands if she touched it . A heating pad that you can not touch ? A Sunbeam heating pad ? She was in tears . But I am outraged that this Chinese trash is now being sold under names like Sunbeam . Profit over people.She later sent me the instructions with the warning , so I saw it with my own eyes . Too bad previously reputable Sunbeam does n't have higher standards . Too bad for us all .
 Large and stiff pad ; could n't fold it over to warm smaller areas of back . Also , covering fabric was n't as soft as advertised and there were Definite `` Hot Spots '' throughout the pad , that would be so hot they hurt . Had to constantly readjust it . Eponomously , it `` Died 1 Year to the Day I Bought it . '' For 28.00 $ all told , that is consumer sabotage
 I 've tried other barley powders and this is the worst . It fails to dissolve in water and makes a sandy , muddy mess . It tastes gritty and not very appetising at all . Not impressed .
 I bought it for removing some pit stains as suggested by some reviewers . Did n't work at all . I give it 2 stars as it was mediocre in removing other type of stains .
 I should have known better . I am a physician , and we usually do n't recommend anything without scientific data showing both efficacy and safety . But I am also open minded and I need to lose some weight so on top of diet an exercise I decided to try this , knowing the possible risks of not knowing the side effects -LRB- no one has ever systematically studied this product , I looked up medline which is the main scientific database and there is no single article about efficacy or side effects -RRB- . By the way , the fact that is `` natural '' does n't mean no side effect . Think of poisonous mushrooms , they are also `` natural '' . I am not saying that this product is poisonous , and I personally did n't have any evident side effect . But the product just simply did n't curb my appetite whatsoever , not even a bit . I am convinced that all the terrific reviews that you read in amazon and other blogs are just part of a big promotion campaign , it would be very rare that this product would be unbelievably useful to some people , and have no therapeutic effect at all on me .
 I have been taking this product for a month . I have been taking 2 pills in the morning and 2 in the early evening . It did nothing . So I took the pills to a friend to have them tested since it is reported that 80 % of hoodoba on the market is either fake or has a significantly lower amount of hoodia that the manufacture claims . My friend who works in lab found that is was about 90 % filled with sawdust and the rest was some green substance he could not identify . The positive reviews on this product were obviously made by the manufacture .
 This product does NOT deserve ONE star . Like all placebo diet aids Hoodia is a waste of money and time . If you are NOT going to Africa and actually taking Hoodia directly from the Hoodia plant chances are you are either not getting PURE Hoodia and/or you are receiving the lowest quantity . Remember that the U.S. does not regulate many of the chemical and `` natural '' diet aids on the market today . If you read the fine print on these products it states that the product has NOT been approved by the FDA . Now whether that is a good or bad thing the fact of the matter is that one is better off spending their money on a medical doctor or nutritionist that can test and determine if or what type of medication is needed to provide safe and monitored weight loss . Years earlier , I was informed by a Science Professor that WHEY protein was once considered as a massive and disgusting run-off that ended up in the sewer . Because there was tons of this sludge someone came up with the idea to sell it as a muscle building , weight loss infusing body builders/athletes dream shake that sold and continues to be sold by the millions . Wow . Remember people , we live in a Marketers world . Every and anything can and will be sold . Hoodia yesterday , Acai today , and disgusting GMO fused WHEY in the past . It 's all propaganda . Guaranteed we will be confronted again and again with the next superfruit from some exotic place that claims once again to provide miraculous results . Do n't believe the Lies ! Also those claiming to have gained maximum positive results from this product and the heart racing and dangerous side effects from the others should really be scrutinized and researched where and who exactly are behind those posts . Buyer Beware .
 My order was seized by Environment Canada and I received warning letters stating that I had to be licensed to import this product . The letter and inspection report indicated the items would be kept by the Crown - which means I will not get my money back . Strictly Health SHOULD KNOW the rules and regulations of exporting products such as this . I am very disappointed to say the least .
 I tried this as directed and it had no effect on me whatever .
 I bought this product thinking it could help with losing the last ten lbs . WRONG , it does not do anything it claims to even at the highest dose .
 To actually believe there could be a little magic pill . I 'm almost at the end of this bottle , maybe 3 or 4 pills left , and I 'm still hungry . To think I almost bought the multi bottle deal , thank god I was feeling conservative that day . I started out taking three pills three times a day , and nothing , then cut it back to two pills three times a day ... nothing . I guess I 've learned a lesson , there 's nothing that 's going to replace good ` ole exercise and hard work with a few hunger pangs added in . I would not buy this product again .
 I question the effectiveness of this product . Did nothing for me after using it for 3 weeks . I give up . Do n't waste your money . I also had to stop taking it because it broke out the skin on my face and I am known for nice skin as a model ! Listen to others and do your homework . If this hoodia stuff really DOES work , how come more people do n't take it , or know about it ? Think about it , this stuff would be plastered all over the U.S. especially since we 're the `` fattest '' country ! Save your money !
 I purchased this particular brand of Hoodia because i read that this company was certified to sell this product . It is supposed to be pure and of the highest quality . I do n't fell that there is any difference between this brand , and any of the other brands that i have tried , except for the price . I am disappointed .
 After researching for months , these pills came up as the most reliable and effective . I decided to give it a try and finished the whole bottle . But even when I took the pills exactly as directed -LRB- and with plenty of water -RRB- , I am sad to say they had absolutely no impact on my hunger . I know everyone 's body is different , but I just get a bit suspicious with some of the reviews on here because according to these testimonials , it either works like a miracle or does nothing at all ... Plus , at the price , it 's about $ 50 every 10 days , which I guess I could n't afford in the long term anyway.Either way , I gave it 2 stars because even though the pills did nothing for me , the company itself is extremely professional .
 I took the specified amount of this product for weeks and it did not reduce my appetite or help me loose weight .
 Bought 3 bottles of the 750mg Hoodoba Pure . I have been taking 2 capsules/3 times/day for 10 days and note absolutely NO effect . No change in appetite , and no additional weight loss . -LRB- I am also following a low fat diet -RRB- . Do n't waste your money !
 A total Piece of Garbage , do not buy this at all.First of all it is battery operated which i did not know when i bought it . Secondly , when i went to put batteries in it , the terminals in side of it are offset , one is higher than the other , and the higher terminal was damaged . When i put the batteries in and put the cover on it did not work , the case was pushing the battery away from the terminal . It worked without the cover on but that doesnt do anyone any good if u cant prevent the batteries from falling out . The thing is rather loud too and cover is a piece of cheap plastic . The thing is a Piece of Garbae , DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !!!!!
 This stud is the perfect size and color I wanted and has the simple , understated elegance I love . The downside is that it HURTS . Instead of going through the entire piercing like most studs , this one is intended to stop a quarter way through . Which is painful in itself because the rim of the rest of the stud irritates the piercing . Not to mention the some of the grooves on the stud , intended for the clasp , remain in the piercing . The clasp takes a death grip on the stud , which means you have to force the stud -LRB- and that overlarge rim -RRB- through the piercing and do a lot of pulling and twisting to get it out . It 's actually made my ear bleed . It is not a matter of adjustment period , it 's just not a good design . These studs are not intended for smaller ears of children because the stud just barely peeks out of the back of my ear -LRB- all the better to jam the clasp on , I guess -RRB- and the ornamental part still moves around and does n't always settle nicely . So these are not good for adults and I do n't see how they could be good for children ; maybe they were intended for a medieval dungeon ? I have had this piercing for over 12 years and always used the 5mm size ; I have never had this problem before .
 I do not know what this product is but it is not a shaver . This product will NOT cut your hair by any means . What it does is simply `` scrape '' your hair and whichever hairs give will be the hairs that actually get removed . However , there is no cutting force whatsoever . Bought the product and only 3 days later had to by a real shaver/clippers for the buzzed look that I was looking for .
 Product came on time , brand new seller delivered as promised great on his/her/thier behalf . But this has to be the worst Wahl clipper every invented . Glad it was heavily discounted for 8 bucks . I just do n't know what wahl was thinking and who hair they had in mind ? . Best it does n't cut all hair as stated , it will be going to charity .
 before buying it ... I spent a lot of time comparing all these kind of products and then had a look at the Wahl website . Saw actually two videos on this product . It LOOKED great and I bought it . The problem is you have to be a professional to cut your hair by yourself . There is only one cutting mode , only one speed and the cutter vibrates a lot , so your hand must be firm . I did not expect this poor kind of service and I returned it , but for experienced people can be a good and inexpensive solution .
 Seems the clipper of my razor does a better job ! post if you want to buy it from me . Used it once ?
 Received product yesterday and tried this evening . Very simple to use , just plug in and follow hair growth . In fact this product worked great FOR 5 MINUTES , than the speed slowed down to a crawl and it gradually sputtered out . When I unplugged it I noticed the plug had become red hot.Went from box to garbage in one night . I do n't know if I just got a lemon or if its just a cheap product.To bad cause its a good idea .
 I dropped my husband 's old Wahl beard trimmer ; it is currently being held together by tape . Sometimes it wo n't stay on , but it is still better than this product . The Wahl 5537-500 is very light-weight ; it 's very loud , making one think it has a lot of power . It does not . It would not go through his beard . It sounded as if it were getting bogged down . The guides were difficult to attach and remove ; I could n't find one short enoughto give him a nice , closely groomed beard . I tried shaving his neck without a guide ; it did n't do a good job there as well . I finished the job with his old trimmer . Hopefully , I will be able to replace that model . I absolutely do not recommend this product .
 This product made such a terrible noise when I turned it on that I have never used it on my face . Sounds like parts are rattling around in there and will break out any minute . Still have it in drawer in computer room , a lesson learned . I hated it .
 Unlike other clippers I 've owned in the past , these started to rust with a week of use . Terrible ! Would not recommend these
 I wanted something fairly small that can easily be packed in a suitcase for a trip . Unfortunately this is very cheaply made . The battery cover broke off the first time I used it . I had to wrap a piece of tape around it to keep it all together . It is also very loud , not a big deal , unless others are trying to sleep .
 I have had either a beard or goatee for the last 28 years , and for most of this time I owned a Wahl trimmer . My first Wahl lasted 10 years , my second Wahl lasted for 8 years . I took a 3 year break using a Norelco -LRB- which was a Christmas gift -RRB- , however , I was never satisfied with the cut at longer settings . I ultimately went back to various Wahl trimmers , yet they all gave out -LRB- battery , motor , etc -RRB- in less than 2 years.Deciding to give Wahl one last chance . I purchased the `` All-in-One Trimmer Kit , '' given that it had a 5-year warranty . The battery quit recharging after the 3rd month , and Wahl 's position was since I failed to keep my receipt , there was no warranty coverage . Please note that my failure to keep the receipt was definitely my fault . However , I can say , through personal experience , that Wahl 's quality and performance has SIGNIFICANTLY declined over the years -LRB- based on my last four purchases -RRB- , and this was the last Wahl trimmer that I will ever own . If you can not purchase any other trimmer but a Wahl , my advice is that you hold fast to your receipt ... because I fear you will need it sooner rather than later . If any other option is available to you , I would strongly urge you to consider it , rather than purchasing a Wahl .
 I know everyone else has had good luck with this , but not me . The unit started running really slow after about a minute . It also seems to scrape my face . Another nit pick is that the adjustable spacer does not have any marks or numbers on it , so you do n't know what setting you 're on .
 Unfortunately this foil shaver from Wahl did not live up to it 's claim.The shaver is harsh and it did not prevent bumps on my neck from appearing after I shaved with it . It is so harsh that it can leave your face irritated for awhile . I 'm African American and this shaver does not seem to do a good job shaving short and curly facial hair . The only positive thing about this set is the T-Blade trimmer which is a decent trimmer , which is why I gave the product two stars instead of one .
 I purchased this product after reading an article . . I am still not 100 % convinced that there is actually benefits in comparison to just eating normal healthy food . I abandon taking it because it just makes me bloated and uncomfortable . ...
 - Stopped working after three uses . I switched the batteries and nothing happened . I applied oil like some other people mentioned and still nothing . - Attachments are all made of cheap plastic . - The 6-position guide trimmer slides between the various positions as you are shaving due to the cheap plastic construct . - Wahl 's `` limited warranty '' on this product : `` If your Wahl product fails to operate satisfactorily ... Wahl will , at our option , repair or replace it and return it to you ... -LSB- you are to -RSB- mail your product prepaid ... -LSB- and -RSB- enclose a check or money order in the amount of $ 6.50 . `` In other words , you are to pay for shipping both ways and include a $ 6.50 fee , all of which will add up to more than the price of this product.An overall excellent experience . Please not the sarcasm in that previous statement .
 When my 10 + year-old Conair -LRB- purchased at Kmart for about $ 15 -RRB- finally quit , I needed another inexpensive , simple beard trimmer . Unfortunately , I chose unwisely . This one pulls at my stubbly beard like Velcro with Super Glue on it ! Aieeeeeee ! The irony is , before it died unexpectedly , the old Conair was working much better than this torture device . Things keep getting cheaper and shoddier . Maybe I need to spend $ 100 for a Braun or something . Certainly not another Wahl . I 'm going to miss old Connie ...
 Wo n't run on NiMH rechargable batteries -LRB- I use Eneloop , awesome batteries -RRB- . Drains even quality alkalines really fast -LRB- I can get like two sessions out of a set , whereas my Braun Pocketgo shaver will last for a couple months and runs fine with my Eneloops -RRB- . Does n't have a lot of power . I got a haircut the other day and I do n't know what brand of trimmer they used but it was about the same size , battery operated and it was an amazing difference . This piece does n't even begin to compare . Do not buy !
 I have had several Wahl products and have always liked them . However this one is disappointing . I received this for a Christmas and used it for about a month . I have a light beard and mustache with side burns . My last Wahl could clean up my beard quickly and neatly . The blades on this give an uneven cut , leaving stray hairs that you have to clean up with scissors . If my beard is damp it gets much worse and within a day or two it looks scraggly . The enclosed batteries are already dead after one month . My beard is about as easy as it gets when it comes to trimming and if this model wont work on mine , then I do n't think it will do well on others .
 The blade was not sharpen enough , did not do a good job when I was trying to trim my hair .
 I am not sure how this trimmer got so many 5-star reviews , because it 's performance is sub-par and it feels very , VERY cheap . It pulls hair all the time , takes a lot of passes to make an even-looking trim due to narrow size and crappy plastic adjustment heads . The only reason it got a second star is because it is only $ 15 , and I guess one has to adjust expectations accordingly .
 As you might know , when you purchase a beard trimmer that has a rechargeable battery , you will need to replace it about every two years . After about a couple of years the battery will lose its charge and you need to then toss the trimmer in the trash . I was looking for something different that I would n't need to toss in the trash after a couple of years . I thought if I bought this battery operated one , then I would n't need to buy another trimmer for several years , beyond the two year life span of a regular trimmer . I got this one in Feb of 2011 and just today the trimmer quit working . The motor started acting funny and changing speeds from normal to slow , and then completely stopped today . This trimmer did last about eight months though , but today it had to be tossed in the trash . I would n't recommend this product if you are expected it to outlast a regular trimmer , or even a normal lasting trimmer for that matter . Do n't bother with the ones you need to put batteries in , just go out and purchase a rechargeable one that should last a couple of years . It is too bad , I was so excited to get this product and was thinking it would last a long time .
 The trimmer guards work poorly by design unless you like your beard/goatee very short . It all depends on the angle at which you hold the thing . Mess up and you chop your hair off close , regardless of the alleged guard length . I am returning this product . Too bad , nice quality otherwise . Just need a better guard design .
 I made the mistake of assuming the battery operated was a rechargeable battery . It runs on AA batteries which means you 'll get better trims using a wooden block.It has virtually no &#34; umph &#34; to the blades which simply pulls instead of cuts.I went back and got a $ 10 more expensive blade that has a rechargeable battery pack and has a higher blade rate allowing for a true cut .
 Works OK , but as other reviewers have mentioned , the power switch is a POS . I can get it to work by holding the switch constantly , but for how long ?
 not all AA battries will fit in it
 It is really too loud to use on ears , and to have a separate clipper just for this purpose does n't make sense to me .
 Gave this as a gift to my husband for Christmas . He no longer has a beard . It did not TRIM his beard and mustache . It made his beard NON-EXISTENT , and he did n't even dare to try it on the mustache . It 's COLD here , and now he will definitely be COLDER STILL as he works outside all winter . NOT RECOMMENDED .
 The instructions to use this thing are woefully inadequate . I have no idea what all the gadgets are for or how to use it properly
 The battery compartment was totally inadequate to hold the batteries and close the cover , which immediately broke . I elected not to return the item due to the cheapness of the price . Instead , I am now using this Chinese junk with tape holding the battery compartment closed . My rating would have been 4 stars , but I removed 3 because of the incredible flaw in the battery compartment . I will never purchase anything from Wahl until they stop importing Chinese junk .
 After not being able to properly attach any of the guides and attempting to use this product once , it simply did not cut any hairs on my face . And honestly , is n't that the point ? Upon returning it to another brick & mortar retailer the customer service rep said , `` Oh one of these , everyone returns them . '' ` Nuff said .
 Installing batteries is a frustrating chore , because the compartment is too small , which also causes the lid to keep popping off . Also , the product was completely covered with smudge marks .
 This product was returned because of shoddy construction , e.g. , recommended batteries would n't fit , handle cover came off repeatedly and could not be closed .
 The attachments were not manufactured well . When placed on the trimmer , they are so tight , they are nearly impossible to get off . I ca n't remove them with my hand but have to pry them off . And of course that means that I broke one as soon as I removed it.Nearly the entire trimmer is made of plastic , so I guess I do n't expect the rest of it will last long either . I guess this is one of those cases where you get what you pay for .
 I could not get the trimmer to work . I tested the batteries in a flashlight thinking they might be dead . They work fine . I 'm not sure how to return the product & I 'm thinking I 'd just like to get my money back on this one . I do not like returning things . Too much hassle & time !
 It 's not a terrible trimmer , it actually allows for a very good beard trimming , comes with 1 set of AA batteries and has a noticeably powerful little motor . Overall , however , the product does need a few tweaks : Attachments are a HUGE pain in the a ** to get on correctly . I cut my thumb trying to `` simply slide -LRB- trimming guide -RRB- at a slight angle and press the release tab down to secure in position '' . I was n't wrenching it on or anything ; it 's just that the trimming head/attachment assembly is n't really designed as well as some higher-end groomer models are . After 20 minutes it got quite frustrating attempting to `` simply '' attach a thing unsuccessfully for the umpteenth time . The pieces do n't slide in/on so easily , you have to really gorilla them in . I 'm afraid of cutting myself again and/or wearing out the plastic attachment bits prematurely due to this . Again , it is what it 's worth ; I paid around $ 15.00 for mine.The storage base was evidently an afterthought and not really meant to keep everything secure . Flimsy and somewhat mismatched with the units attachments -LRB- there 's a groove on one side of the base where I do n't know what is supposed to go -RRB- , Wahl would have been better off with nixing the storage base and throwing in a vinyl zippered case instead . Probably would 've been more cost-effective for them to boot.The instruction manual is one sheet of thrice folded-over text with black and white renderings of unit 's assembly and trimming techniques . An actual booklet -LRB- pages turn -RRB- with color photographs would have improved things drastically.All in all not bad , not great , about $ 15 bucks sounds right .
 I have had either a beard or goatee for the last 28 years , and for most of this time I owned a Wahl trimmer . My first Wahl lasted 10 years , my second Wahl lasted for 8 years . I took a 3 year break using a Norelco -LRB- which was a Christmas gift -RRB- , however , I was never satisfied with the cut at longer settings . I ultimately went back to various Wahl trimmers , yet they all gave out -LRB- battery , motor , etc -RRB- in less than 2 years.Deciding to give Wahl one last chance . I purchased the `` All-in-One Trimmer Kit , '' given that it had a 5-year warranty . The battery quit recharging after the 3rd month , and Wahl 's position was since I failed to keep my receipt , there was no warranty coverage . Please note that my failure to keep the receipt was definitely my fault . However , I can say , through personal experience , that Wahl 's quality and performance has SIGNIFICANTLY declined over the years -LRB- based on my last four purchases -RRB- , and this was the last Wahl trimmer that I will ever own . If you can not purchase any other trimmer but a Wahl , my advice is that you hold fast to your receipt ... because I fear you will need it sooner rather than later . If any other option is available to you , I would strongly urge you to consider it , rather than purchasing a Wahl .
 As another reviewer noted , this trimmer is too loud . I feel like it would damage my hearing if I continued using it . Also , one of the attachments broke the first day I received it.Do not buy this .
 I bought this Wahl trimmer , coz of lots of attachment . But when I installed the battery , it did n'twork . So I have to return it .
 My husband used it once , no problem . Second time it started really vibrating and sounded as if it was going to take off ! I do not recommend this item .
 I 'm completely lost what the other reviews are reviewing - different product ? Different model ? The batteries do n't fit into the slots ... . I can not comment much on the trimmer since it is completely DOA without been able to put the batteries into the device . The build was weak plastic on the body with metal on the heads . Attachments were pretty cheap plastic.Why do I have to give a rating one whole star ? Stay away ! Spend your dollars somewhere else . I just did a return and am looking for other options .
 I expected more in the way of quality from Wahl . The plastic case had parts that did not properly fit making even the simple task of inserting batteries difficult . I was not successful in this most basic of efforts . It may cut well but I never even got it to run -- and , I am no stranger to inserting batteries into small appliancesI packaged it up for return within 15 minutes of initially opening the shipped item.Thank you Amazon for an excellent return policy .
 This was NOT it , this thing will not trim wet rice , thread , spider webs . And is like mentioned SCREAMING loud . Built cheap compared to my intended replacement , ` The Performer ' . From the same company , unbelievable . The good one has lasted for years , many , many , many uses it deserves the rest . This one they should quit selling , and for more money . Buy The Performer , MUCH better value . I am off to beg for an exchange . ~ Edit : Follow-up 3/22/09 Finally , after 2-3 weeks I got a response to my repeated emails . Maybe Wahl will correct this . So far , Amazon has been WAY more upstanding , and willing to help .
 I was very disappointed with this trimmer . It arrived with several of the cutting teeth broken off which resulted in a painful trim as it attempted to rip hair where the broken teeth were rather than cut it.It is also very loud , and the multi-height trim guard makes it very hard to get a consistent trim height.As other people have noted before , it is also very hard to get the trim heads on or off.I 've gone back to the simple Philips Norelco G370 since I like their multi-height trim head much better.On the bright side amazon refunded my money without even making me send it back .
 This item has been recalled due to contamination with cryptosporidium which can cause diarrhea , fever and vomiting.I ordered this from Amazon twice and got the recalled item both times-lot # 26952V and an expiration date of 10/08 . Do not give it to children and check your bottles !
 It should have an opening -LRB- like velcro -RRB- for easy foot access and be a size large if it is advertised as large .
 I LIKED THIS PRODUCT AT FIRST BECAUSE IT HAS A LOT OF DIFFERENT THINGS IN IT MOST DONT HAVE . tHEN I FOUND OUT IT HAD MAGNESIUM STEARATE WHICH LESSONS THE ABSORPTION OF THE VITAMINS BY 60 % !!!
 These are the worst tasting vitamins ever ! I do n't mind the vitamin taste ... expected that . It 's hard to describe how bad they taste ... ca n't get past it . Too bad , because they seem to be a good product and have no artificial sweeteners . Maybe they need a little bit -LRB- or a lot -RRB- of sweetners -LRB- artificial or otherwise -RRB- , which is what I was trying to avoid . Yuck !!
 and smell . I could not get my 9 yr . olds to take these . One kid would not even taste after smelling them . They may be great vitamins but if you ca n't get them IN the kids , it does n't matter .
 Well , I 'm sure these provide great nutrition , but not if the kids wo n't take them . I tasted one because my son would not eat them and let me say these are absolutely the worst tasting vitamin . So , while they are chock full of good stuff , they are , equally , chock full of nasty taste . YUK !!!!!
 Calvin Klein men 's fragrances traditionally have strong , defined scents that last all day . I 'm not convinced the bottle I received is an original CK product . You could bathe in the contents and the smell disappears quickly which may not be a bad thing since it smells like Raid . I purchased four different cologne 's on one order and the others were all fine . It annoys me somewhat that Amazon wo n't accept a return because the product is `` considered flammable '' yet I notice they have no problem selling it or shipping it out . This product is no longer sold in department stores so it might be wise to check chains like Sephora before ordering online .
 BOUGHT THIS COLOGNE FROM AMAZON AND IT WAS EITHER EXPIRED OR A FAKE ... IT SMELLED HORRID . . IM NOT BUYING COLOGNE FROM AMAZON AGAIN ... ITS WORTH $ 20.00 MORE TO BYE AT THE DEPARTMENT STORE WHERE YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE GETTING ...
 this is not the real stuff and I 'm VERY dissapointed , as it does not have any smell and I do not think it 's really Calvin Klein , but just a fake .
 I was hoping this would help my children with their colds , but I did n't see any improvement in them . I was n't expecting the cold to be cured completely but some symptom relief is what I was expecting and I saw no improvement in either of my children . : -LRB-
 It should have an opening -LRB- like velcro -RRB- for easy foot access and be a size large if it is advertised as large .
 I received this product and it was leaking everywhere so did n't get the full use of it or money worth . very dissappointed
 OK , I just got this stuff so it 's too soon to tell if it will work or not but WOW ... it tastes really nasty ! I do n't know what planet the creators are from saying it tastes like cinnamon ... maybe if the cinnamon had been steeped in a big ol' cup of nasty and let sit and ferment into a cup of total nasty ... hopefully to works so I 'm not putting my tastebuds through this for nothing . I 'll check back in a month ...
 The product did not work at all . I guess the effect people might experienc is that the strong and very unpleasant tastes just chases all appetite away thus producing appetite supressant effect . Considering the expensive price of the product , it was quite disappointing.One additional thing I disliked was their unfriendly attitude when I contacted them after I ordered the products -LRB- I orderd directly from their website -RRB- . I always dislike the companies who treat clients with little respect once they paid . It suggests that they do not expect returning customers .
 I never got the chance to see if the results were as amazing as the other reviewers claimed . This product does not smell nor taste anything like cinnamon . Upon opening it , it smells like rotten prunes ; I thought that it HAD to taste better than it smelled . I was wrong . I had to spit it out and brush my teeth immediately . I had my husband smell it just to make sure , and he started to gag . Sixty bucks down the drain - literally .
 I used this product EXACTLY as instructed and it did NOTHING plus it tastes awful . I am extremely disappointed
 With all the positive feedbacks this product had I decided to try it , because if it works it will be worth every dollar spent , so I purchased 3 bottles . But this sweet elixer left me even more hungry and yearning for food the very first day and then it seemed to work after a few days but the effects wore off shortly in the first week . My advise is to buy just one to try it out first .
 This product is not calcium citrate , at least there is no way of knowing how much actual calcium CITRATE versus calcium CARBONATE is in this product . As of the date of this review , there is no photo showing the ingredients label for this product on the Amazon product page.I purchased this `` Calcium Citrate Complex '' assuming it had calcium CITRATE in it , and figured the `` Complex '' part of it was something like maybe a little bit of Vitamin D or Magnesium or something.Imagine my surprise to see this on the ingredients label
 This product tastes as if about half water . Not like the many other Prince of Peace products I have used in the past .
 These are pretty and comfortable earrings , but there is one major problem I have with them
 I tried following the `` brief '' images/instructions on the 04-180-006 , and never could get this working?I called their `` clueless '' CS three times , to no avail!I was following instructions correctly , but no matter how high you initially pump it up -LRB- Recommended 50-60 past normal ! - OUCH ! -RRB- it always gave me a VERY SLOW de-pressure `` EE '' -LRB- error code -RRB- ! ~ ~ ~ ~ It 's going back , and I 'm going to Wally World next ? - I got a `` fully '' automatic Omron -LRB- auto-pumps up with much less initial pressure/fast/dual-power / memory / ... ! -RRB- , and it 's well worth the couple of extra bucks ! Will probably make it up in battery savings over it 's lifetime !?
 i order it before more than month ago and it 's not arrived to me yet !! this is bad company they not answer my emails and emaili sent to them more than one email and they did n't answering me !
 These are huge . In the description it says they are 4mm . The package says 6mm . They are way too big and look funny . Make sure you are wanting a really large stone if you order these .
 You have to use a lot to taste the sweetness . I used it in my mueslii and I had to use almost one eighth of the bottle evem when adding sugat . I did n't like it at all . The bottle did not last one week . instead i bought monk fruit to go at wal-mart and use it with sugar and that works great .
 This removal system does not work ! It hurts more than conventional methods , and contrary to the summary , it does not remove hair by the root , so you can not go six weeks without using it .
 This is a horribly misadvertised product . Emjoi has the nerve to say no pain ! I beg to differ . I consider myself to have a fairly good tolerance for pain . I have my eyebrows waxed and barely flinch . This product on the other hand has me jumping and screaming like someone is trying to kill me . I tried to use it six months ago and could not take it . I put it away hoping to get the nerve to try it again . I tried two weeks ago and I had the same reaction . I ca n't believe this product is on the market . Torture !!!!
 Just removes hair from top , not from the roots . Its back in a week , and looks worse .
 I used Hair No More as directed on my legs and about 8 hrs later my legs started to itch fiercely . When I looked at them , I saw that my skin had broken out in a horrible red rash that looked like chicken pox . I thought it would go away in a day or 2 , but it did n't . Finally I contacted the company and was told to put Neosporin on it , which did n't make sense as Neosporin is antibacterial and this was not a bacterial problem . I was also told that you have to use the Hair No More spray to `` neutralize '' the pH of the cream - which was in NO WAY mentioned in the directions . 2 visits to dermatologist , 2 Rx steroid creams , 2 months of waiting for my skin to get back to normal . This product should be taken off the market . I will NEVER use it again !!!
 I bought the vanishing cream and the inhibitor gel . The vanishing cream only removed the hair to the surface , not from the follicle like it said . I did n't work well so I had left it on a little longer each time I used it until I was about double what the directions said , and my hair is n't very coarse . The inhibitor gel did n't slow down the regrowth at all . I feel it was a waste of money .
 This product works as described on the label , however the results are exactly the same as if I had shaved with a regular razor . It only removes hair above the surface of skin.Perhaps it was me , but I severely broke out with acne on my chest after it was applied . Shaving cream and a razor will give you the exact same results as this product , but without the acne and at a much lower price .
 I used to LOVE this product . I used this on my face to remove some unwanted hair above my lip , and between my eyebrows . For that it worked great , but did leave my skin a bit irritated . To me that wasnt such a big deal , considering what a diffrent hair removal product did to me.I just recently used ` Hair No More ' on my arms to remove the hair ... . well it removed more than just the hair . This is the worst hair removal product I have ever used . On my arms Ive got burns , and skin missing ! Yes , it removed some of my skin and I left it on for the recommended 7-10 minutes . It was horrible ! And it didnt even remove the hair completly . So now Ive got white patches on my arm , from where the skin is gone , red marks from irritation , and patches of hair on my arm since it didnt work correctly.I will not be recommending this item to anyone else since it is so unpredictable , and dangerous !
 Hair no more is no good , it works a little but it does n't work through the pores of your skin like it says it does . I broke out in red bumps on my legs and do n't even think about putting it on your face . The only reason why I gave this product a 1 star is because Nair is worse and Hair no more smells a little better ...
 I followed the directions but this product really , really caused me burning pain in my private regions . It does work but be careful while applying .
 After a few tries to mold the mouth guard to fit , it got a couple of holes in the front . I contacted seller . The seller emailed me back - maybe after 2 weeks , saying he has been trying to get in touch with me because he did not get my address due to how Amazon 's selling system works . I emailed him back , giving him my address again . He emailed me back and said the item -LRB- the small guard only -RRB- was in the mail.After a couple of months , I received nothing.I was grateful in the beginning that he said he tried multiple times to reach me by email -LRB- I actually only received one email -RRB- . However , after I found out that nothing came in the mail , I am suspicious that if he sent any email at all before that . He may just sent an email later to say he responded after all . but where is the replacement part in the mail?I was hopeful I may try the thing again - in the beginning I need more times to mold it , but if I get a replacement , I may need to try less and still work better . But I am now discouraged to try it again because what is happening.Seller , I want to let you know customer service is important on Amazon to make money - I do understand that you want to save money though .
 I bought this for my wife hoping that she would stop her teeth grinding at night . After trying it the first night , she told me that the mouth piece feels like a hard piece of plastic in her mouth . It felt so uncomfortable that it caused her to drool on the pillows and in the morning she found it spit out on the bed.I purchased this following the great reviews of this product and am highly disappointed that this product DID NOT meet the expectations that the reviews gave me . If they are going to create a mouthpiece that feels natural to the mouth , they should make this with softer material . How is placing a LEGO block like this in your mouth supposed to help ?? ridiculous product . do n't be duped .
 Better putting money towards reg dentist . Fit will be proper . These , regardless what you do , do not fit , feel good , or even stay in .
 The advertisement did n't make it clear that you had to prepare it for use . This was a pain and then it did n't fit . I never used it .
 I was really surprised at how thick both of these guards were . It would be impossible for me to sleep with either one in , and honestly I would be afraid they would cause more jaw damage than not using them at all . As I understand it -LRB- not saying I understand it correctly -RRB- , the ones you are supposed to get for most jaw problems are actually very thin and hard . These feel just a shade off of being used for playing football . If you are having TMJ issues or teeth grinding issues I would continue searching for something else .
 well i bought this one a few weeks ago hoping to find a mouth guard that fits my small mouth . unfortunately this product failed in my opinion . The `` small '' guard was sooooo small that it did n't even get to my back molars . The `` large '' guard was so large and thick that i could n't close my mouth over it . Needless to say i went back to the `` Archtek Grind Guard '' pack again .
 This was purchased for my 60 year old mother who in constantly unconsciously grinding her teeth day and night . If this were to be worn STRICTLY as a night guard , then I do n't foresee that there would be many problems , but as a DAY GUARD , the issues arise.I helped my mother fit the guard and she noticed right away that the thickness of material between the top and bottom of the bite was just ridiculously too thick -LRB- I 'm talking like 1/4 '' thick -RRB- to use this at all during the day without someone looking at you funny . This also led her to believe this gap would be uncomfortable to wear for long periods of time especially at night.Another rather annoying part about the mouth guard were the way that the instructions were printed on the back of the package . My mom did n't even want to begin reading them because of how it is presented . They are seriously jumbled into ONE GIANT , LONG PARAGRAPH . I had a headache just trying to read through it and hit all the steps . This company should re-design the mouth guard and please , for the love of sanity , revise and organize the directions on the back of the package so that it is n't a headache to read.I returned this mouth guard and ordered theNight Guard , Smalland am hoping this will work for her instead .
 both sizes that came with this were not good ... the small size fell out of my mouth constantly . . the large size felt like it was meant for a horse 's mouth it was so big , bulky and uncomfortable ,
 My husband has used mouth guards for years . No matter what we did with this one it would not stay in his mouth . Invoked warranty and returned to Amazon , we received email that return was received weeks ago , but still have n't received credit . Amazon now trying to figure out what happened . Just not worth the trouble , do n't order
 Both the guards were too narrow for my mouth . I am a 5 ' 11 ' , 150 lb . man that wears size medium , so not bigger than average.One guard was too bulky to be comfortable . Both were too stiff and narrow so it felt like they were pressing in on my teeth like braces might . I stopped wearing it because I was afraid it would move my teeth and I had slight pain in my teeth in the morning.I got a custom one from a dentist in Tijuana , Mexico for $ 100 . It is excellent . -LRB- My 83 year old mom got $ 2,500 worth of work done for $ 650 . -RRB- Much like the whitening trays I got from my dentist a few years ago . Very thin and flexible . You hardly know you are wearing it.My bruxism started only two months ago . I am doing research to see about curing this problem as the night guard is only to minimize damage not to cure you .
 I gave this guard 1 star since it is not universal and there is an excessive amount of material making it way too thick . I was able to get it in my mouth but it made my lips protrude in an awkward , uncomfortable way . I bought this because of the positive reviews but neither size fit so I 'm back where I started minus $ 20 . I definitely would not recommend this to a friend .
 This is the exact opposite of what you want to use for a night guard ! The plastic is far too soft and allows your teeth to dig in and apply pressure to both your teeth and your jaw . This can cause far more harm than good ! A night guard needs to be made of hard plastic that allow your teeth to slide freely across each other without applying force and pressure against each other . Stay away !
 If you need a night guard for bruxism or tooth grinding , invest in a hard acrylic one that is professionally fit by a dentist . They are a good deal more expensive than the over-the-counter variety , but they 're better . Counterintuitive though it may be , the OTC night guard can cause slowly-developing dental malocclusions that are expensive and time-consuming to treat.As for my case , I used over-the-counter , `` boil and bite '' night guards for fifteen years . Over that period of time , I gradually developed a posterior open bite that required orthodontic treatment to fix . After fifteen months in braces , my bite is finally back to normal . I will never again make the mistake of using an OTC night guard.Gradually-developing dental malocclusions usually do not cause symptoms and can go unnoticed for years . As a result , your OTC night guard may be doing more damage than you are aware . If you have any doubts about these facts , any orthodontist will patiently explain them . Do n't make the mistake I did .
 This mouth guard pushed pretty hard on my front teeth . I had to give up using it to make sure it would n't mess up my teeth .
 Wow , this was awful ! My mouth still hurts from trying to get this to fit . Maybe it works for other people , but it sure did n't work for me . -LRB- I have used other types and never had this problem , although those were softer and did eventually wear out -RRB- . On the bright side , I did really enjoy finally throwing it away .
 I bought this over a year ago for my severe tmj disorder . I could not use this for very long due to the fact of it tasting like chemicals . The chemical taste and smell was VERY strong !!! I tried many things to rid the toxic hunk of plastic , like , letting it soak over night in water , scrubbing with soap , scrubbing with tooth paste , ect . However , nothing worked to help aid in fumigating it , nor will anything . On top of literally gagging every morning I woke up after wearing this I was extremely nauseous ! I plan on fixing my bite professionally and permanently .
 you get this plastic thing you have to heat up and mold it to your shape with in 30 seconds , and you get one shot , can not be done , go to your dentist if you need one done
 I would like to purchase this in a BRIGHT color . There is no way to select the color and I do not want black ! I was unable to contact this seller . When I mouse clicked on &#34; contact seller &#34; button it just directed me to Amazon.com customer support and then required an order number . Without an order number I could not get past the customer support page ! Very disappointing !
 I put my order one month ago and I did n't receive the product .
 I 've had problems with grinding my teeth for decades . I used to have a professional mouth piece that a Dentist fit and ordered for me . It was great . I lost it a while back and since I do n't have dental insurance anymore , I tried this . I ended up grinding my teeth into this one at night . It really does n't compare to a professional piece .
 My dentist suggested I buy a mouth guardfrom him . I did n't want to pay $ 300 , so Itried the Day/Night Mouth Guard Kit . Iwas able to mold it to my bite and it stayedin place . There is no way to regulatethe size of the gap between your upper andlower teeth . I could n't get any sleep becauseit felt like I had a hockey puck in my mouth.I re-heated the guard and tried again and hadthe same result . I tried one other guardand did n't like it either . I finally bought theguard from the dentist , and it is great . Thedentist took molds of my teeth , determined thespacing between upper and lower teeth , and grindeddown the guard to make sure that all my lower teethhit it at the same time when I bit down . It ` sno big deal to wear it . I get great sleep , andI do n't even notice it until morning .
 Hate it/them , total waste of money to me ! Read the reviews from other purchasers and decided to give it a try . Large fit better but way to much bulkiness in my mouth , the small one felt better as far a not being quite as bulky but would n't stay in place . Okay ... 30 day money back guarantee ; but after paying for 2 day delivery not sure it 's going to be cost effective to return it . I went on line to -LSB- ... -RSB- which is more costly but it is just like what your dentist would do only it is done on line direct with dental lab cutting out the middleman -LRB- Dentist -RRB- profits .
 I 've had this kit a long time and was happy with it , so I tried to purchase a replacement guard through the seller 's website per package instructions . Nothing happened except that PayPal notified me of payment made . I e-mailed ; no response . I e-mailed twice more ; no response . After three weeks , I filed a complaint with PayPal , and the seller claimed he had not received the order or any e-mails . I guess he thought the PayPal payment was a gift to him . He did refund my payment , but I would not order from him without reassurance that his website is fully functional and that he is prepared to fill orders .
 I like that it came with two different sized mouthguards , I used the smaller of the two ... however , the rubber or whatever it is made of is too thick for me to comfortably close my mouth so I have not used it at all ...
 THE DENTAL HYGIENE PREFERRED MOUTH GUARD IS ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE . NEITHER THE TOP OR BOTTOM GUARD WOULD FIT MY TEETH EVEN AFTER TRYING 3 TIMES OF SOAKING THEM IN 60 SECOND COOLE DOWN BOILING WATER . ALSO , EVERY SINGLE MORNING -LRB- AFTER INSERTING EITHER MOUTH GUARD IN MY MOUTH BEFORE GOING TO BED -RRB- I WOULD WAKE UP AND THE MOUTH GUARD WOULD EITHER BE UNDER MY PILLOW OR ON THE FLOOR -- NOT IN MY MOUTH WHERE IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN . I WOULD NEVER EVER AGAIN BY THIS PRODUCT . IT IS A JOKE . IT IS A FRAUD . I FEEL AMAZON.COM SHOULD REFUND ME MY MONEY BACK . SINCERELY , BOOTS
 I just could not use this product . Even the smallest size was so big that it pushed my lower jaw forward , accentuating the problem I was trying to alleviate . It seems like a quality product , and if you have a large mouth , this might work for you .
 I was NOT happy to spend a small fortune for this item to discover it was home-made . It appeared that the items were purchased at Walmart , then bagged up with a home-made package insert to be passed off as a professional product . I was hoping for a thinner , more comfortable mouthguard . I returned mine , unused . I can get the identical items at Walmart for 97 cents each .
 I was very dissapointed in the product . You can get the gel hot enough and then sets okay , but really does n't hold very well . . Very akward in the mouth , if you shave any down to fit better it really does n't work . It was more uncomfortable to try to sleep with the guard in my mouth and so I ended up taking it out after about 2hours . Wo n't buy it again
 I 've worn mouthguards for a long time . I 've had custom made high dollar items from a dentist and I 've used cheap sport guards as well.This unit comes with 2 guards and neither of them fit me very well . The large size is gigantic and the small one is , well , small.I may reboil and try refitting but I do n't think that will help . The molding seam on the mouth guard can feel sharp on the tongue and should probably be trimmed off.It 's better than grinding my teeth but the soft squishy feel of it actually seems to make me chomp more at night.I 'll wear it for now until I can get back to the Dentist for a custom fit guard .
 As someone else suggested - do n't be fooled by the rave reviews . This product just becomes a big blob when boiled , then it made a poor teeth image , then it would not stay on making it useless as a night-guard . Not sure any of the over-the-counter ones work . Getting one through a dentist is very expensive so I 'm not sure the answer but this was a waste of money .
 Maybe it 's because i 've never gotten one fitted at the doc 's , but this seems enormous to me ? I do n't have a small mouth i do n't think , but this sticks out of my mouth like i 'm going for a gorilla costume . incredibly uncomfortable , and i started drooling within a min of having it in ... nevermind trying to sleep in it!so for those who never had one fitted at the doc 's before and have no clue what to expect , know that this is pretty big even using the one that 's meant for smaller mouth .
 The mouthpiece is way to big . I went as far as using regular scissors like said in the instructions . Waking up several times at night because of discomfort is not for me . I originally bought this because there were some good reviews . Now you 've heard it from the horse 's mouth -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . Also , the 100 % money back is flawed . It 's Amazon 's return policy which notes that the product must be `` unopened '' . This is n't possible if you use the product for a couple weeks to test the `` comfort '' and then want to return it .
 My dentist said I should get a night mouth guard as I probably clench my teeth while sleeping . I tried this mouth guard and it did not fit . It was huge even though I used the smaller size ! I followed the directions -LRB- boil and bite -RRB- to get the right fit . However , the rubbery plastic that goes across the front teeth made my upper lip stick way out ! And the whole thing kept falling out of my mouth . Then I tried the SleepRight Night Guard and that did n't work either , even when I adjusted it to different sizes . And that one made my lower lip stick way out . I showed both to my dentist and she saw how both were a very poor fit . She took an impression for a custom-made mouth guard and it came in 2 days . And as my insurance did n't cover this -LRB- $ 286 -RRB- she only charged me $ 99 . The custom-made mouth guard fits perfectly and I was able to sleep with it . It 's best to have a custom mouth guard made !
 I followed the instructions and moulded one of the two guards in the package to my mouth , but it was absolutely gigantic and hurt my lips . Directions said to wear it for awhile to get used to it . Though I could barely sleep , I kept trying . After a few weeks , my lips became so irritated that they were raw and scraped . Then the product began oozing a gross liquid at night from the molded plastic ! After 2 nights of this , I felt like I was being poisoned , so I stopped using it , of course , and decided to return it to Amazon , only to learn that my `` 100 % guarantee '' was only for 1 month and that the `` company '' that makes this is an individual who has no responsibility whatsoever and leaves it to Amazon to make partial refunds - maybe.This is your mouth and your body , so do n't take any chances . Get a mouthpiece from a professional who has some legal and ethical responsibility to make sure it 's right - and safe . Do n't buy this piece of junk!If you were looking for a mouthpiece for TMJ , this is a great book : Taking Control of Tmj
 I have bought it based on all the positive recommendations but it did n't work for me and I returned it.Just like one of the previous reviewers said , I followed the instructions , and the smaller guard was too thick for me . I reheated it , which probably made it even worse . My mouth is small and I do n't need a 5mm barrier between my teeth , and in front of my teeth . I do n't grind only clench and tend to wake up with swollen gums , so as much as I need some barrier , this was too huge and too uncomfortable . As a matter of fact , it made things worse . When I was laying I felt that the guard would get loose on a side and press on my upper and bottom teeth having a worse effect than clenching . Another issue was that it 's too thick that you ca n't even close your mouth properly . I know that it 's possible to cut/sand some pieces off , but that 's very difficult to do and requires special tools.I tried it for a few weeks , and decided to return it.Contrary to what the producer recommends , I do n't think you should use a night guard for sports.Considering that it works for some , you can always buy it and return it if it does n't work for you .
 Being a procrastinator , I took 3 months to finally go through the motions of reading the directions , boiling the water , and trying to fit the small guard in my mouth . I look truly ridiculous with this in my mouth . As others have mentioned , the front part is very thick and pushes upper lip out , so my lips do n't close when the guard is in my mouth . I have nothing to compare this to , but I feel that this guard is sooo thick that it 's going to mess up my teeth an give me an overbite .
 Do n't waste your money . This product is nothing more than a simple mouth guard that you can get at any sporting goods store for $ 10 of less.Very bulky feel in the mouth . I struggled through 4 restless nights of sleep before I finally gave up on it . In the instructions it says that it may take 2 weeks to get used to the product , but I feel that is a little unreasonable . I am not convinced that I would be any happier with the product after two weeks of use .
 I followed the instructions carefully , but even using the smaller size I had to reheat the mouthpiece twice trying to get it to fit my mouth . Each time it was way too thick and off center . When I tried wearing it at night , the next a.m. I would find it laying somewhere in my bedding or near my pillow . I finally just gave up . I feel that I just threw away the money down the drain . Could someone offer me a solution , please ? Thank you . SuzieD Danville , IL
 The fit is odd . I am a normal-sized woman with a normal-sized mouth . The large was too big and the small was too small -LRB- WAY too small -RRB- . When I wear it at night , I can feel my teeth shift , and it 's uncomfortable .
 This comes with two different sizes . One that 's too big and one that 's too small . If you happen to get a good fit consider yourself lucky . The big one I tried to trim down as much as possible but it was still way too bulky . The small one does n't extend far enough back to cover my teeth . One thing you should be weary of is that these are so bulky that the material will extend far past your teeth onto your gums . This will cause your gums to recede over time . It also does n't extend up into the roof of your mouth very well which results in a thick plastic edge which your tongue will use to push it out . Trimming the material did n't make much difference since it 's basically too thick to wear . I guess everyone else had better luck than me .
 Bought this guard and another guard that cost only around 5 bucks and the 5 buck guard was much better than this one that I paid over $ 20 bucks for . I followed the instructions on the boiling to get the proper fit but the guard did not take the correct shape and ended up like a big mess of stuck together plastic . Tried to heat and shape again but it was like working with hot plastic . This guard is in the trash and I am using the less costly guard which works great . The other guard is called The Grind Guard and is also sold on amazon .
 You would be better off spending the money to get a custom one fitted by your dentist . It will be a lot more comfortable and wo n't have all the excess plastic like this one does . It pushes out your lips and is not comfortable . I guess it 's better than nothing but it 's worth the $ 150 - $ 200 . to get a custom one from your dentist , especially if your dental insurance will cover it . Even if not , I would still perfer a custom one over this product.The custom one from my dentist is like night and day .
 I left my dentist-made mouthguard at a relative 's home and would not get it back for a few months.So I purchased one of these . I use the guard on my upper teeth.The dentist-made guard turns out to be clearly superior in these ways :1 . You can talk with a dentist-made guard in with fairly good clarity .2 . You can drink or even take a pill with the dentist-made guard in .3 . the dentist-made guard is more deeply seated and stays totally in place until you remove it in the morning.So this product was an adequate fill-in and of course it is cheaper , but it does not match up well against the dentist-made guard .
 I had a bite guard from my dentist which I ground down to pieces . They are pretty pricey to replace -LRB- around $ 300 -RRB- so I figured I should try a more economical replacement ... a complete waste of my money . This item was bulky , uncomfortable and did nothing to help my night teeth grinding . If you are a serious teeth grinder , save your money and go to your dentist .
 I had another that was perfect but my dog got to it and thus had to find a replacement . -LRB- I know ... enter joke here . :-RRB- -RRB- This one works fine , but the thickness keeps my lips open and not the most beautiful if you are not sleeping by yourself . I found the seams a bit rough , which you have to sand down ... It just is bulky in the mouth , even though , yes , it protects your teeth from grinding . There are better profiles out there ...
 It never fit well , the molding technique bent the edges of the device into my gums and hurt them . Not worth the money .
 This product is so bad , neither size fits . I was trying to save from my dentist bill but it was a waste to even order .
 This product may work for some people but not for my wife . Both pieces are too thick she tried it and caused a sore in her mouth .
 This product is TOO big and bulky . It makes your lips stick out and flops around in your mouth . Very disappointed .
 Went with this product as most here liked it . It was massive and the other was too small . I have used these type of products numerous times so I know how to follow instructions . It was massive and bulky and wouldnt stay on the roof of mouth . Basically it fell out when I slept . Waste of money ... go get a $ 6 sport mouth peice .
 If you wear a nightly retainer , then this wo n't work for you . I tried molding both of the plastics to conform to my mouth with the retainer in it , and they do n't work . I tried it again without the retainer , and it seemed fine . A big cumbersome either way , but I suppose someone could get used to that . But in any case , if I have to choose between my retainer and a night guard , then I clearly have a problem . Sadly , I had to return this product for that reason . Straight teeth trump keeping a cheap night guard any day .
 I ordered a bar of this soap , thinking it was a simple glycerin-only soap . Turns out , it has a strong , perfumed , smell . That does n't work for me . They do n't honestly label the ingredients , instead saying `` all natural '' and `` contains Glycerin and Vitamin E. `` I doubt I 'll even use it . If I put something that perfumed on my body , I typically end up with hives .
 These whole rose hips have mold inside of them . More properly processed , these must be cut open when fresh and the seeds removed to prevent this .
 Ordered push button belt ; was sent the airplane style . Contacted company , still no resolution on this issue . Maybe someone else will have better luck .
 $ 8.80 for shipping ? That is absolutely ridiculous . It does n't even weigh anything . You can go to Sally Beauty Supply store and get these for $ 4 .
 Fast shipping , $ 10.50 total , not bad . They look solid and shiny and just a hair smaller then what I have now . To me is to shiny , shiny enough to pass as stainless steel and not titanium . There is nothing on these earrings/studs that can convince me that they are titanium . I am keeping them since I ca n't find them at any store . I would be happier if at least I had a `` T '' for titanium . If there was a mistake with the shipping -LRB- which it happens , per my past experiences , no complains , just that it happens -RRB- , I hope the seller notifies me if they review these comments .
 I was hoping 3 years later the company would get with it . In 2010 it 's still $ 8.80 to ship something that weighs a fraction of an ounce ! I cancelled the order immediately !
 Did n't help my contact dermititis rash ... used the whole tube . I 'm now trying applying raw honey and am seeing instant results . Raw honey has amazing skin healing properties . Must be RAW HONEY though .
 Quality of product is no good , post bent when putting them on then broke off . Customer service with cachebeauty is non-existant ! Will never deal with them again or even amazon.com for that matter .
 I bought these for my adult son , who has cerebral palsy . I was very disappointed with the quality of this brief -- about 1/3 of them actually tore during changing -LRB- usually , a wing would completely rip off while pulling the diaper snug -RRB- , rendering them unusable . Moreover , the sizing is really not accurate -LRB- order one size larger than you would normally require -RRB- ; and finally , the pull tabs do n't really work well and often tear off as well . Do not recommend .
 I bought these because of the advertised extra absorbency , but found them impossible to put on . My mother certainly could n't do it by herself , and I found that I could n't judge where to attach on one side before attaching the other side ... they just did n't come out right . I guess if you had the adult lay on their back like a baby you might be able to judge how to attach -- but that just did n't seem like a method that I could use .
 This thing is ridiculous . I hated eye drops . . this thing made using them worse . If you do n't want to use eyedrops I suggest using an eyemist . Natures tears is a great one .
 This thing is ridiculous . I hated eye drops . . this thing made using them worse . If you do n't want to use eyedrops I suggest using an eyemist . Natures tears is a great one .
 Ca n't use it with my glaucoma or dry eye drops . That 's all I wanted it for and it does n't work with them .
 I had better luck getting the drops into my eye without the guide . I do n't think I would recommend it .
 I used the old formulation of this combo , which included Bitter orange/synephrine for years , and it worked great . In the new formula , there is no synephrine , and it does n't work nearly as well.The strange thing is that on the new bottle , the same warnings are listed about nervousness and not taking if on MAOI 's . On Source Naturals ' website , some of the materials list the old formula , and some list the new one . Despite 3 phone calls and 4 e-mails to the company , I ca n't get any explanation of what in the new formula would have some of the same side effects , or where to get current and accurate information about the product.So , since the product does n't work very well , and the company does n't seem to care about customer 's questions and concerns , I have to give this a bad review .
 This is a 5 &#34; hemostat , not a needle holder as advertised.I arrived today in a brown envelope without a receipt , invoice or return labelI will be returning this item !
 there was so much delay in arrival of this item so I returned it back , ... ... ... . .
 Does great to detangle as long as hair is sprayed with water before brushing however this product has an overwhelming fragrance and I prefer products without one .
 The lower , inside corner on the seam of the inside gel pad is bulky and has plastic thread that scratches rubs my wrist and causes irritation . I push the gel pad down and over to cover it but it shifts and the seam corner becomes exposed against my skin . Maybe a fluke issue but maybe poor sewing on part of manufacturer . Wo n't buy again .
 Had such high hopes for this with all the reviews but so disappointed ! If you have skinny arms - like anorexic - probably work well for you . This was very tight in the arm area . Not adjustable easily ... PLUS it makes your hand/wrist so HOT ! Not breathable at all . SO , SO DISAPPOINTED . Top it off and find out that it is NOT returnable ! It does n't clearly say that in the product information anywhere ! IF something has a unique return policy , I think it should be noted in the product description ! I ordered 2-3 different ones and this was the ONLY one that was unreturnable ! Luckily found one that was fantastic BUT if I had known , I would NEVER have ordered this to try it !
 The brace is too large and does not breath even though the advertising leads you to believe that it does . Try a smaller one . Futuro has smaller braces that are better .
 My right hand is extra sensitive and after a few weeks the cushion became too flat for me to be able to use this support . It was applying pressure in all the wrong areas and did not last nearly as long as i would have liked . I still use it on the left side which is less sensitive , however at the time of purchase , it was under the impression that these would remain more supportive than they actually did . There 's no telling how long it will be before I wo n't be able to use it on my left hand either .
 but after wearing them for a couple of weeks my hands & wrists started to hurt , mostly on the top , and my fingers began aching like having arthritis . may work for some but not for me ...
 Perhaps there are several sizes of this brand of wrist brace but I found that when I went to wear them my wrists/hands hurt MORE . The problem stems from how they sew on the squishy bead . It is hard and digs into my wrists right at the location where I feel the greatest pain . I also got them from a three letter chain . Reading these reviews it looks like people love them . I do n't . Your mileage may vary .
 The concept was OK , but the brace was too large for my wife 's arm . But to be fair , she is quite petite .
 When you purchase this product , you 'll notice that you are actually purchasing it from a distributor , in my case , Vitamin Shoppe . When the order arrived , the product was outdated . When I contacted Vitamin Shoppe , they responded immediately , but sent a replacement product that was also outdated . Bad , bad customer service . Beware .
 While I do like the bars themselves , I feel that Amazon resorted to bait and switch . I signed up for a subscription -LRB- monthly delivery -RRB- , and the 2nd month they raised the price 50 % . Needless to say , I canceled the subscription , as I can buy it cheaper locally .
 The other Balance bars I 've tried taste much better -LRB- Balance Gold , with peanut butter , I believe -RRB- . These taste awful - chalky , cardboard-like . And it 's not just me - no one in my family likes them !
 I at these for years and really liked the way they taste . Then I did some research and found out that much of their protein is from gelatin or collagen which is 100 % worthless to humans for building/maintaining muscle because the amino acid is not good . Also lots of palm kernel oil in these which is n't too good for you . There are much better options out there . If you want something with better protein -LRB- but still has some palm kernel oil -RRB- and tastes great , try Metabolic Drive protein bars . If you are ok with eating something that is just ok tasting , then Zero Impact are by far the best bars out there . Great protein , healthy fats , low sugar , no sugar alcohols . I have n't found one bad thing about them . I just feel ripped off for the years I spent eating Balance Bars .
 I eat these bars all the time and thought it would be a good deal and convenient to get them from Amazon . But , they were horrible . Stale and crumbly and deformed . I complained and customer service sent me replacement bars , but they were exactly the same - inedible . They refunded my money , which I appreciated.Based on this experience , I will never purchase food from amazon.com .
 I bought this 12-pack of peanut butter Balance bars and noticed some white stuff on the bars when I opened them before eating . I shaved them off with a knife . Then I went to look for Cliff bars at Amazon and noticed a bunch of reviews complaining about white stuff or staleness in the bars they ordered . Bottomline
 I am in the process of trying to lose weight , and this seemed a great way to skip lunch but still get all the nutrients I needed . When the Balance Bars arrived , I was surprised to get a whole box , enough for a two-week supply , plus one . My husband and I immediately pulled out that '' `` plus one '' '' to give it a taste . The bar looked delectable and smelled wonderful , but that was as far as it went . They are plain awful ! The chocolate coating is good , but whatever they have on the inside is sickening . It 's not very sweet , but it 's the texture that 's so bad . It 's like chewing wet sawdust . We immediately spit ours out , and the box of 14 is still sitting on my counter . I would definitely not pay money for these . Skip them and go on to Slim Fast , is what I 'd tell my friends and family . They definitely need to do some work on this product , not just that flavor .
 We returned this item because we thought it did not taste as it does usually . We buy them all the time and the ones we bought in our grocery store after this incident were normal tasting.With food you can not take risks
 At first I thought the Balance Bar tasted like sawdust , but I sort of got used to that after awhile . The bar is n't moist enough . I need a glass of milk wash it down or it 's hard to swallow . The taste was OK , but not something I 'd buy really . I 'd say if you 're on a diet and want a nice 200-calorie lunch , get a salad with a nice low-cal dressing instead .
 The only way I can describe these bars is with the word sweet . Too sweet , in fact . They have a good taste as long as you have a real sweet tooth . They 're good on the run , but unless you 're used to lots of sugar in the morning , I would n't recommend them for breakfast . Maybe in place of dessert though .
 I really did n't care for the product . It was very dry in my mouth . Not a whole lot of flavor , and the filling had a powdery feeling to it . The chocolate on the outside was good but again , not too much flavor . It needed to be sweeter , and the raspberry flavoring was weak . Tasted like I was eating an old candy bar , and a stale one at that . I had to keep checking it to see if it was old and out of date . I actually gagged on it a couple times while eating it . I did eat several of them -LRB- nine -RRB- . The wrapper looks too formal , not appealing to the eye . It made me feel like I was eating a health bar and not a fun item ! I thought the carbs were a bit too high also . It did give me a full feeling when I finished with it . Did n't fulfill the need for something sweet , though . If I 'm going to eat chocolate , I want to know I ate chocolate . I would n't recommend this to my family or friends . I 'd rather recommend Slim Fast Bars for the vitamins and health aspects .
 I 'm sorry to say that I was n't impressed with Balance Bar 40-30-30 . Quite frankly , it tasted horrible ! I could n't finish the first bar to see if it satisfied my hunger or sustained my energy . I would n't recommend this to my friends .
 I have to agree with `` R.Katz '' They are incredibly chalky and cardboard like . They also have a strong dark chocolate taste . I do n't particularly enjoy dark chocolate ; those that do might enjoy these . The bars I received were well within their expiration date . -LRB- 10 months to go -RRB- OK but certainly not the best Balance Bar flavor .
 I suppose if you 're just looking for fuel for your body or emergency food to keep in your trunk , then these would be okay . If I 'd purchased this box of Balance Bars , I would 've brought it back to the store for a refund . The taste was pretty bad , and the consistency was gummy/muddy . It 's better if you have it with a full glass of water , although there 's a very strong aftertaste . My husband took a bite and spit it out -- the same with my six year old . My two-year-old son , however , seemed to actually like it and will eat a bar as a snack if I broke it up into small pieces . I just could n't get past the taste . I still have over a box left , which I 'll dole out to my son as snacks , but it 's defiantly not something I would ever buy or recommend . In fact , if someone told me they were going to buy them , I 'd ask if they 'd ever eaten them before and if not , I would tell them pick a different product . Big thumbs down on this one !
 Personally I found this bar to be very untasty . One bite was truly enough for me . They may be very healthy , which is great , but to me if I 'm going to eat something , it has to taste good , and this does n't meet that requirement .
 We did n't find these to be all that tasty . They had a mealy kind of texture . If you 're very very hungry they 'd be okay to eat . Perhaps they just were n't suited to our family 's taste buds .
 Overall , I did n't like this product . It has a very thick and gooey center that 's very hard to swallow unless I have a lot of water to wash it down with . The flavor was n't too bad , but if they could just change it so was n't so gummy ... I would n't recommend this product to my family and friends .
 The cookie dough flavor is okay , but not the best . The texture is a little too gooey . I have only eaten a few of these bars and I am already sick of them . I got them the same time as I got some Clif bar White Chocolate Macadamia , and those are by far superior to the balance bar.Hopefully the other flavors are better than this , but I think for now I will stick with Clif bars .
 I love the original Mocha Chip balance bars . They were terrific . But , they put them in new packaging -LRB- fine , who cares , right ? -RRB- but they also re-formulated them and it 's really sad what they 've done to them . They 're sickly sweet now , they have a cake-y consistency that 's not appealing and there 's barely a `` chip '' in sight.It 's all bad . I bought tons of these and ate them for breakfast . No more . The new ones are so bad , I threw out the ones I bought after trying a few times to eat them .
 I bought Yogurt-Honey-Peanut bars from DAB . What I received was not fresh , even though the expiration date was almost 8 months ahead . Compared to the taste of the fresh ones you can buy in your local stores , the taste of this one was really bad and it was really painful eating it . The appearance of the bar also suggested having some problems , before even tasting it.I do n't think the food is preserved in conditions that would guarantee freshness , and I do n't think I am going to buy from the same seller again.Note
 I would have to say I was not very impressed by the quality and taste of this product . I guess I really expected more from this product , as they seem so expensive . The peanut-butter taste was very strong and the texture was very grainy and dry . I do n't think that these bars are very filling . You have to drink a lot of water with them to even get them down . I would not recommend this product to my friends .
 I 'm very sorry but I do n't know of a nice way to say this
 I would n't recommend this product to friends or family . The taste , consistency , and texture were offensive to me .
 I 'm 61 years old , but I have EAGLE EYE Vision , and I 'm sick to death and very disappointed that the fine print on the ingredients of the BALANCE BARS `` ALMOND BROWNIE , '' are FISH GELATIN . IF I wanted FISH products in my protein bar I 'd buy a FISH BAR , but the fact that Balance Bars use Fish Gelatin in their ALMOND BROWNIE wishes I could SHOVE THE ENTIRE 6 box order up their noses.It 's so sad the ingredients and the junk that almost any company will put in your food . I will NOT BE ORDERING THIS PRODUCT EVER AGAIN , and I doubt that although I 've been a huge balance bar customer , that I 'll EVER ORDER BALANCE BARS again , as they are FISH GELATIN bars in truth . SEE LABEL.I 'm done .
 The bars I recevied were past the `` Best when used by '' date by . Also , the bars were the original formula and not the new formula .
 I buy Balance Bar Nutrition Energy Bars on a regular basis so I decided to buy them online . They arrived in less than 6 days . The order was placed Jan-17-2011 , I received the Balance bars today , Jan-21-2011 , the expiration date is Jan-20-2011 - yesterday . I am NOT eating these . Unacceptable . I have read earlier reviews stating problems with the expiration dates . Maybe the reviews are worth taking into consideration .
 If you like foods that are VERY sweet , you might like these bars , but for many people , they may be overpoweringly sweet . They also have a weird crunchy-ness . I do like the fact that Balance bars contain lots of protein and vitamins .
 I love the peanut butter Balance Bars . People say these are good , but I thought they were horrible . My husband and older son did not like them either .
 Let me start by saying
 I was given this by the doctor when I had a cold and congestion in my left ear . The first time I used it I followed the instructions carefully . I squeezed the bottle and immediately fluid filled up my ear canal on my right ear ! As I write this , I have been unable to hear out of my right ear for 8 days ! When I used it , it did clear out my nose and flem in the back of my throat . But I really hate what it did to me ! Now my bad ear is my good ear and life is not fun .
 got this this and was trimming with it and shaver always gets stuck on my hair and falls out . thinking of getting a new trimmer altogether
 The shaving heads work well while they last . But , they do n't really last more than a month or so , whether using them for the body or the scalp , before the foil gets torn by raising up on one side , and then coming into contact with the blades , which rips open the foil , leaving a gaping hole , and rendering it useless.The bodygroomer , while touted as a groomer for the body , really is also extremely good to do daily up-keep shaves on an already closely-shaved head . It is like using an eraser on your scalp . It works amazingly well , and does it incredibly quickly.The heads are -LSB- ... -RSB- each plus shipping -LSB- ... -RSB- . Buying three of them basically gets you three months worth of shaving . But it 's annoying to have to reorder these frigging foil heads all the time , since they 're not available in stores .
 If you have anything other than peach fuzz the blade will simply fall out . The worse part is when it gets stuck in thick hair and you have to pull it out , ouch !
 This definitely `` clicks '' into the trimmer , as it should , but it falls out when met with the slightest resistance . When it does fall , if it hits your shower floor , you 'll need to spend a few seconds reassembling it . Would not recommend .
 The product is wonderful , so I 'm not commenting on its quality per se . I have purchased these from Target Online as well as Amazon ; it is the EXACT same product and works perfectly with my BG2020 groomer.However , if you saw two hits for the BG2000 replacement foil head when you searched , click on the other one -- it is from Amazon itself , and that gets you two things :1 -RRB- SuperSaver Shipping -LRB- or Amazon Prime shipping if you have that service -RRB- . That saves you at least $ 4.98 in shipping .2 -RRB- Amazon 's new `` Subscription '' refills offer . It allows you to get a regular supply of these replacement heads in periods ranging from a few weeks to 6 months . PLUS it offers a 15 % discount on EACH replacement foil head they deliver through the service . I signed up for it and it 's an unbeatable deal . Shipping is still free on each as well , even if it is the only item shipped to you on refill dates.Check it out -- it saved me some cash and the refill service is great for guys like me that forget to order them until the blades is so dull it 's useless!P.S . -- No , I do NOT work for amazon -- I just wish someone had pointed this out to me sooner , so I 'm doing that favor -LRB- hopefully -RRB- for my fellow consumers .
 These blades are not very sharp and they fall out of the razor constantly . This thing has a great design but is poorly made
 Over priced , poor quality loose fitting . This product is not the same specs as the original . Dead fit loosely and frequently fell out of the handle . I purchased a whole new trimmer for only $ 12 . Do n't buy these replacements .
 Over priced little piece of junk . Makes me made when I get the product only to have it break the second time I used it . which is funny because the original head did the same thing , cept not quite as fast .
 Does n't fit very well . It keeps falling off . This is my third replacement head . The first two were fine . This one is a dud .
 I bought the replacement trimmer/shaver foil on May 1 -LRB- received it about May 7 -RRB- . It wo n't stay in the shaver ... falls right out . Not worth anything , much less the $ 20 I spent on it .
 Though the manufacturer claims that the head trimmer/foil never needs to be oiled , they fail to mention that the head must be replaced on a periodic basis . To date , I am having to change the head about every 3 months , which happens to be much more expensive than simply oiling .
 This is the fourth time I have had to replace the shaver head on the Bodygrommer . The manufacturer even recommends replacing it once a year , whether it is broken or not . The price has been increasing so much and shipping charges are not going down . The next time I will probably just buy a different shaver . Filling up the landfill just to avoid expense shaver head replacements . Here we go again .
 This is the 3rd replacement head I bought for the Phillips Body Groom 2020 . They all just do n't fit as snug as when you buy a complete new unit . Does it cut and all , sure . But many times the head will pop out when you are using it . And for nearly 1/2 the price of the full unit itself , it 's tough to keep justifying replacing the heads rather than just buying a new unit where you constantly are n't having the shaver part pop it .
 the thing works great ... but for a short time ... the foil is substandard or something ... within two uses it has a crack n puckered out ... causes scratch marks on skin ... i wonder how they cudnt manufacture something more lasting n durable ... also it tends to snap out while in use ... can u believe that ... not even a decent lock in mechanism ... whush ... wudnt buy this thing again n wudnt gift this to anyone for sure ...
 The razor lasts about a year and does not do a very good job , I am on my third one . The heads do a poor job and last only three or four times of use . There must be something better on the market .
 The Bodygroom is great , I 've bought two of them , but after a while the replacement foils get loose and start to fall out while you 're using the shaver . I 've now bought the higher-end Bodygroom shaver , which has a different style of shaving head , in hopes that it will last longer .
 i 'm tired of buying this replacement every 3 months because it brokes in the superior part and starts to cut the skinwhy in the box says that replace every 12 months it brokes only with 3 months of use ??
 I bought this blade due to the fact that my old one kept poping out during shaving . After reading the reviews it looked like replacing the blade would get rid of my problem . Guess what ? I wasted my money . After installing I started shaving and five minutes later the blade was poping out . Time to get a new body groomer , but I will Never get another Norelco !!!
 I got two of these blades recently . I have a BG2000 and these blades keep falling off every once in a while when I am shaving . I tried using the secong foil that I got and same thing . Gets the job done in the end but very very inconvenient .
 Of course Amazon did fine shipping and processing the order , but make sure you get the right replacement blade.Something about the replacement blade thay sent me was wrong ... it looks exactly like the one that was in there , but it does n't work . More of a pain to try to send it back than just pitch it . Do n't know where I will get a new one probably in a local store if I can find it .
 These refills are awful . They snag very badly and hurt . The original one that came with my razor over 2 years ago was better than a new refill ! Do n't bother . Now I have to buy a whole new body groomer .
 Recently , I bought my third replacement cutter blade for my razor . It looks like the others , but it pops out seconds after using it . It 's not worth returning . The quality has gone way , way downhill .
 While I like the Bodygroom , once the trimmer/shaver foil goes bad , it is time to replace the complete body groom . The replacement trimmer/shaver foil was a waste . Once you apply pressure , it jumps out of the groomer .
 This wrist cushion burst open after I had it 4 days , and the little pellets were leaking out . The cloth it 's made from and the stitching is very shabby . I purchased it from Walmart and will be returning it . Instead I will order the Belkin gel wrist cushion from Amazon . I have owned their gel mouse pad for about 6 years and never had any problems .
 After reading most of the review on this product I decided to order it even though many had said that it smelled too sweet . My experience has been that it was n't as much too sweet as it was too sticky . Also , it did n't really smell like Kukui Nut , it smells more like cotton candy . Just imagine liquifying cotton candy and putting it on your body . It leaves you smelling sweet and very , very sticky . I threw the bottle away , useless .
 Mine did n't smell like much but like the fact it 's not oily and organic using it for my 4 year old skin is soft but wished it smelled like the reviews said but does n't fast shipping
 The online product description list of ingredients has `` botanical fragrance '' at the end , implying fragrance from a natural source . The actual bottle says Fragrance -LRB- parfum -RRB- which most likely indicates a petroleum synthesized fragrance .
 Not all the ingredients are organic . Kukui Nut oil is like the 4th ingredient . Not scented with essential oils - fragrance oils are not organic .
 This is not Kukui oil . this is an oil blend with a little kukui oil added . Read the label.That being said , it 's a nice oil . But the labeling is definately misleading .
 This oil has kukui oil as one of the ingredients ... it is NOT pure kukui oil.The product description says &#34; Kukui Nut Organic Body Oil &#34; . Read the ingredients before buying .
 if you want 100 % kukui nut oil , do n't bye this one . Its not even listed as an ingredient ! Do n't be fooled .
 i bought this item for puffy eyes . once it is frozen it does not sit well under the eyes . ---------- update ------------------- This product works as advertised . I was keeping it in the freezer thather than the the refridgerator .
 Listed as a `` gel '' mask . To most of the world , that would mean that even when frozen , the mask would retain some ability to bend , so you could actually fit it on your face . Wrong ! Stiff as a board , and when you try to bend it , carefully , the plastic material cracks and breaks , rendering the product useless .
 Very cheaply made . Velcro back does not hold and is irritating against the back of head . It alread broke within 5 months and started leaking blue fluid
 i RECENTLY HAD EYE SURGEY AND WAS LOOKING FOR A MASK TO SOOTH MY EYES . i ORDER THEGEL COOLING EYE MASK . THE SERVICE WAS VERY GOOD RECEIVING THE PORDUCT BUT THESE DONOT WORK VERY WELL . WHEN YOU PUT THE MASK IN THE FREEZER TO FREEZE IT YOU HAVE TO LAY IT FLAT SO WHEN YOU USE THE MASK IT DOES NOT FORM TO YOUR EYES IT IS FLAT SOIT REALLY DID NOT WORK FOR MY PURPOSE
 This thing is so stiff when iced it will not conform to face and the velcro gets stuck in your hair . I am returning it .
 Product arrived on time and in good shape . The mask itself is a waste of money . The mask doesnt fit ny aduct , not shaped to fit a face .
 Every individual is unique and you need a cooling mask to surround your eye . If you human and have a nose then the mask does not touch the black eyes near where your eye meets your nose . It needs some kind of forced fold like swimming goggles to be effective .
 I DIDNT THINK THIS SMALL FIRST AID KIT WAS WORTH THE MONEY . THE CASE WAS CUTE , BUT THE INSIDE WAS LAME . COULD HAVE FILLED WITH MORE AND BETTER ITEMS .
 This is an attractive and affordable chrome toilet brush with two problems
 My guess is that most of the `` great '' reviews were customers who had just taken it out of the box . I myself would agree that out of the box it is a nice looking piece and exactly what I wanted.Poor design though - the lid does get in the way as the brush is too short and the brush does unscrew from the lid while cleaning . Those things I could overlook.But , beware - this thing rusts like crazy . Not long after I had it the moist environment in the canister had the inside of the handle coated with rust which sprinkled all over my new white toilet as I cleaned it.Today I moved the item to clean the bathroom floor only to find a thick rust ring staining my brand new tile floor - after a few tries I almost have most of the stain gone . Fortunately , my tiles are sort of a red-clay color so the damage may be concealable . I am going to throw this item away ! I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 Item purchased in Dec. 2009 . Finish looked fine initially . The finish began showing spots soon after I received it and after about 15 months it is now pitted .
 I purchased this item in December of 2010 . It looked fine new out of the box , but now it is very apparent that the metal is NOT Brass , but some base metal that is brass colored.The finish began showing spots within two months after I received it , and after nine months is is showing rust spots and pitting . The `` brass coating '' at the top of the brush handle is showing the worse amount of rust and spots even though the brush and its handle was cleaned once a week with polish.The bottom of the brush container , once you remove the plastic liner , has a solid coat of rust . I 'd clean it , but the bottom might fall off.Very false item description concerning the material , and the entire item is worth less that $ 7 to $ 9 . I 'd give it NO STARS if I could . I replaced it with a white plastic toilet brush and container .
 The brush will not screw into the handle . I originally ordered two and obtained two replacements and all four were defective .
 He consumido el producto por una semana sin algun cambio notorio en lo patrones de sue & ntilde ; o , si mejora algo el estado de animo , pero yo lo compre por problemas de sue & ntilde ; o , la verdad por el precio esperaba mejores resultados
 I have had a lot of experience w/many sleep aids . Decided to invest in this one -LRB- pretty expensive , I thought -RRB- partly because I had never gone `` the natural route '' . Although 2 , then 3 of the hard-to-swallow caplets did put me to sleep , it was only for the first 3 or 4 times . Even then , the sleep was not sound or uninterrupted . Will not buy this product again .
 The first night I took Somnatrol , nothing happened at all . The second night , an hour later I had an upset stomach , terrible headache and a racing heart , all of which lasted about 2 hours . Obviously a severe allergic reaction that Sterling-Grant Labs neglects to warn people about . I threw this junk in the garbage .
 I just received this item last week . First I took one pill though it recommended two . Made me drowsy but i think only for the fact that I drank a six pack of beer , took 1 Lortab , 2 benedril , 1 valuim and 2 OTC sleeping pills with it . -LRB- besides they SMELL terrible -RRB- . The next night i took 1 again and nothing so I took a prescription sleep aide and fell asleep finally . Now tonight I followed the instructions by taking two and nothing over a hour later . So I would say do n't waste your money . OTC Unisom works better and is cheaper .
 As an insomniac and tired of the Tylenol PM and Unisom combo , I decided I should try a `` natural '' route with this product . I eagerly downed the recommended dosage -- and nothing ! Might as well have taken a sugar pill for all the good it did me . And the odor ! Smells like Parmesan cheese aged a bit too long ... Oh well , back to the tried and true .
 I bought Somnatrol and it did n't work for me personally . I am a chronic insomniac . The Somnatrol made me yawn , and I got a little drowsy , but it did n't keep me asleep like a prescription sleeping pill would . One night , I really needed to sleep because I was tired and I took a 3rd pill , and it did not put me to sleep . I was groggy the next morning .
 I have tried Somnatrol off and on for the past two months . Zero effect on anything . I was quite surprised it did n't even help a little bit , given the reviews here . But my body must be very different from the majority of users here .
 The product helps relax you , but I would not put it in the same category as a sleeping pill . If you are a long time sufferer like me , you may read the reviews here and think you finally found the answer , but please do a little investigating before you decide to buy this and you will notice that these reivews are mostly phonies that all follow the same format with names changed . Be careful , They all resemble an infomercial and not a genuine user of the product . Shame on Amazon for allowing this .
 I hoped that I could go to an un-bias place to get a review on a product , in this case Somnatrol . After reading the reviews I found many to be word for word duplicates but with a different summiteers name . This is obvious even to the most casual observer . As a result I find the entire review process here to be bogus and of no help what so ever . The first `` review '' was information taken directly from the web site of the product used as sales promotion . That first review was totally worthless , and from reading the rest I ca n't take any of them seriously . I have not tried the product yet , but I see I will have to and form my own opinion as there are too many duplicated opinions here to make me have any confidence in the integrity of the information .
 While I do like the bars themselves , I feel that Amazon resorted to bait and switch . I signed up for a subscription -LRB- monthly delivery -RRB- , and the 2nd month they raised the price 50 % . Needless to say , I canceled the subscription , as I can buy it cheaper locally .
 The other Balance bars I 've tried taste much better -LRB- Balance Gold , with peanut butter , I believe -RRB- . These taste awful - chalky , cardboard-like . And it 's not just me - no one in my family likes them !
 I at these for years and really liked the way they taste . Then I did some research and found out that much of their protein is from gelatin or collagen which is 100 % worthless to humans for building/maintaining muscle because the amino acid is not good . Also lots of palm kernel oil in these which is n't too good for you . There are much better options out there . If you want something with better protein -LRB- but still has some palm kernel oil -RRB- and tastes great , try Metabolic Drive protein bars . If you are ok with eating something that is just ok tasting , then Zero Impact are by far the best bars out there . Great protein , healthy fats , low sugar , no sugar alcohols . I have n't found one bad thing about them . I just feel ripped off for the years I spent eating Balance Bars .
 We did n't find these to be all that tasty . They had a mealy kind of texture . If you 're very very hungry they 'd be okay to eat . Perhaps they just were n't suited to our family 's taste buds .
 Overall , I did n't like this product . It has a very thick and gooey center that 's very hard to swallow unless I have a lot of water to wash it down with . The flavor was n't too bad , but if they could just change it so was n't so gummy ... I would n't recommend this product to my family and friends .
 I have to agree with `` R.Katz '' They are incredibly chalky and cardboard like . They also have a strong dark chocolate taste . I do n't particularly enjoy dark chocolate ; those that do might enjoy these . The bars I received were well within their expiration date . -LRB- 10 months to go -RRB- OK but certainly not the best Balance Bar flavor .
 I suppose if you 're just looking for fuel for your body or emergency food to keep in your trunk , then these would be okay . If I 'd purchased this box of Balance Bars , I would 've brought it back to the store for a refund . The taste was pretty bad , and the consistency was gummy/muddy . It 's better if you have it with a full glass of water , although there 's a very strong aftertaste . My husband took a bite and spit it out -- the same with my six year old . My two-year-old son , however , seemed to actually like it and will eat a bar as a snack if I broke it up into small pieces . I just could n't get past the taste . I still have over a box left , which I 'll dole out to my son as snacks , but it 's defiantly not something I would ever buy or recommend . In fact , if someone told me they were going to buy them , I 'd ask if they 'd ever eaten them before and if not , I would tell them pick a different product . Big thumbs down on this one !
 Personally I found this bar to be very untasty . One bite was truly enough for me . They may be very healthy , which is great , but to me if I 'm going to eat something , it has to taste good , and this does n't meet that requirement .
 At first I thought the Balance Bar tasted like sawdust , but I sort of got used to that after awhile . The bar is n't moist enough . I need a glass of milk wash it down or it 's hard to swallow . The taste was OK , but not something I 'd buy really . I 'd say if you 're on a diet and want a nice 200-calorie lunch , get a salad with a nice low-cal dressing instead .
 The only way I can describe these bars is with the word sweet . Too sweet , in fact . They have a good taste as long as you have a real sweet tooth . They 're good on the run , but unless you 're used to lots of sugar in the morning , I would n't recommend them for breakfast . Maybe in place of dessert though .
 I bought this 12-pack of peanut butter Balance bars and noticed some white stuff on the bars when I opened them before eating . I shaved them off with a knife . Then I went to look for Cliff bars at Amazon and noticed a bunch of reviews complaining about white stuff or staleness in the bars they ordered . Bottomline
 I am in the process of trying to lose weight , and this seemed a great way to skip lunch but still get all the nutrients I needed . When the Balance Bars arrived , I was surprised to get a whole box , enough for a two-week supply , plus one . My husband and I immediately pulled out that '' `` plus one '' '' to give it a taste . The bar looked delectable and smelled wonderful , but that was as far as it went . They are plain awful ! The chocolate coating is good , but whatever they have on the inside is sickening . It 's not very sweet , but it 's the texture that 's so bad . It 's like chewing wet sawdust . We immediately spit ours out , and the box of 14 is still sitting on my counter . I would definitely not pay money for these . Skip them and go on to Slim Fast , is what I 'd tell my friends and family . They definitely need to do some work on this product , not just that flavor .
 We returned this item because we thought it did not taste as it does usually . We buy them all the time and the ones we bought in our grocery store after this incident were normal tasting.With food you can not take risks
 I eat these bars all the time and thought it would be a good deal and convenient to get them from Amazon . But , they were horrible . Stale and crumbly and deformed . I complained and customer service sent me replacement bars , but they were exactly the same - inedible . They refunded my money , which I appreciated.Based on this experience , I will never purchase food from amazon.com .
 I really did n't care for the product . It was very dry in my mouth . Not a whole lot of flavor , and the filling had a powdery feeling to it . The chocolate on the outside was good but again , not too much flavor . It needed to be sweeter , and the raspberry flavoring was weak . Tasted like I was eating an old candy bar , and a stale one at that . I had to keep checking it to see if it was old and out of date . I actually gagged on it a couple times while eating it . I did eat several of them -LRB- nine -RRB- . The wrapper looks too formal , not appealing to the eye . It made me feel like I was eating a health bar and not a fun item ! I thought the carbs were a bit too high also . It did give me a full feeling when I finished with it . Did n't fulfill the need for something sweet , though . If I 'm going to eat chocolate , I want to know I ate chocolate . I would n't recommend this to my family or friends . I 'd rather recommend Slim Fast Bars for the vitamins and health aspects .
 I 'm sorry to say that I was n't impressed with Balance Bar 40-30-30 . Quite frankly , it tasted horrible ! I could n't finish the first bar to see if it satisfied my hunger or sustained my energy . I would n't recommend this to my friends .
 I buy Balance Bar Nutrition Energy Bars on a regular basis so I decided to buy them online . They arrived in less than 6 days . The order was placed Jan-17-2011 , I received the Balance bars today , Jan-21-2011 , the expiration date is Jan-20-2011 - yesterday . I am NOT eating these . Unacceptable . I have read earlier reviews stating problems with the expiration dates . Maybe the reviews are worth taking into consideration .
 If you like foods that are VERY sweet , you might like these bars , but for many people , they may be overpoweringly sweet . They also have a weird crunchy-ness . I do like the fact that Balance bars contain lots of protein and vitamins .
 I love the peanut butter Balance Bars . People say these are good , but I thought they were horrible . My husband and older son did not like them either .
 The cookie dough flavor is okay , but not the best . The texture is a little too gooey . I have only eaten a few of these bars and I am already sick of them . I got them the same time as I got some Clif bar White Chocolate Macadamia , and those are by far superior to the balance bar.Hopefully the other flavors are better than this , but I think for now I will stick with Clif bars .
 I love the original Mocha Chip balance bars . They were terrific . But , they put them in new packaging -LRB- fine , who cares , right ? -RRB- but they also re-formulated them and it 's really sad what they 've done to them . They 're sickly sweet now , they have a cake-y consistency that 's not appealing and there 's barely a `` chip '' in sight.It 's all bad . I bought tons of these and ate them for breakfast . No more . The new ones are so bad , I threw out the ones I bought after trying a few times to eat them .
 I bought Yogurt-Honey-Peanut bars from DAB . What I received was not fresh , even though the expiration date was almost 8 months ahead . Compared to the taste of the fresh ones you can buy in your local stores , the taste of this one was really bad and it was really painful eating it . The appearance of the bar also suggested having some problems , before even tasting it.I do n't think the food is preserved in conditions that would guarantee freshness , and I do n't think I am going to buy from the same seller again.Note
 The bars I recevied were past the `` Best when used by '' date by . Also , the bars were the original formula and not the new formula .
 I 'm very sorry but I do n't know of a nice way to say this
 I would n't recommend this product to friends or family . The taste , consistency , and texture were offensive to me .
 I 'm 61 years old , but I have EAGLE EYE Vision , and I 'm sick to death and very disappointed that the fine print on the ingredients of the BALANCE BARS `` ALMOND BROWNIE , '' are FISH GELATIN . IF I wanted FISH products in my protein bar I 'd buy a FISH BAR , but the fact that Balance Bars use Fish Gelatin in their ALMOND BROWNIE wishes I could SHOVE THE ENTIRE 6 box order up their noses.It 's so sad the ingredients and the junk that almost any company will put in your food . I will NOT BE ORDERING THIS PRODUCT EVER AGAIN , and I doubt that although I 've been a huge balance bar customer , that I 'll EVER ORDER BALANCE BARS again , as they are FISH GELATIN bars in truth . SEE LABEL.I 'm done .
 I would have to say I was not very impressed by the quality and taste of this product . I guess I really expected more from this product , as they seem so expensive . The peanut-butter taste was very strong and the texture was very grainy and dry . I do n't think that these bars are very filling . You have to drink a lot of water with them to even get them down . I would not recommend this product to my friends .
 This is pure expensive JUNK !!!! DOESNT DO A THING !!!!!!!!! Waste of FIFTY DOLLARS !!!!! You want to get big ? Eat all the protien in sight and drink your creatine and lift your weights . THE END!DONT BUY DONT BUY DONT BUY DONT BUY !!!!!!!!
 Like most Muscletech non-protein supplements , this product is meant to catch the eye of young , uniformed bodybuilding novices . They are the contempory version of the buff muscle beach guy not getting sand in his face ad . I am old enough to remember seeing that ad in comic books . If you are in it for the placebo effect , than this is your company .
 I have a bad combination of a tough beard and sensitive skin , so I 'm always looking for something to help me stop dreading shaving . Impressed by some great reviews here , I decided to give this a try.Using my old Sensor or Mach3/Mach3 turbo I had irritation , averaged 2-3 nicks or cuts per shave , and the razors were n't up to cleanly shaving a few difficult areas of my face -LRB- under the ear for example -RRB- . Using this thing , this wondrous Fusion Power Razor , left me with as many , or more , irritated areas , averaged 5 + nicks or cuts per use , and it could n't cleanly shave even the areas the other two razors have no problem with . Plus , it actually gets stuck shaving against the grain.I 'm serious , it stops moving and you have to put more pressure on it , bear down harder , to get it to move which , of course , results in those extra cuts and irritation , and then it still misses patches of beard you just tried to shave.This is just a waste of money . The technology behind this is only different , not better . No doubt it 's the 5 blade foolishness that makes it stop moving in rougher sections of the beard , and the power blade vibration seems to accomplish nothing at all.I 'm convinced that the rave reviews here are from people new to shaving , people who have light beards , or people getting paid to promote the product .
 Having a tough beard and tender skin I , unfortunately believed Gillette 's Ads . ie smooth close shave etc.They lie !!! Unbelievable razor drag and the razor burns leave your face in pain when you 're finished.Gillette 's M3 razor was better but finding one seems to be an impossibility .
 First of all , ... `` PHANTOM '' ? Really ? Well , I can certainly ... empath it sitting in my trash bin . The only thing I fail to see is the what all the fuss was about.Does it shave ? Sure . Is it closer ? Closer than what ? Oh , you mean compared to those ... ancient 2/3/4-blade ones ? Well , not detectably . If it does shave any closer I for one could not tell . And no , the vibration adds to nothing detectable either besides a small humming noise.And , what is worse , the new head is too big with only a small portion of its surface corresponding to the blades
 I have been using this razor for about 5 weeks now . The razor works fine without the power feature which vibrates the blade . At first , I liked the power feature and used it for about one week , but then I just found it a bit annoying and have n't used it since then . The power feature actually slows you down a bit as you cant rush the blade over your stubble as I have become used to doing after a hot shower in the morning . I can tell that using 5 blades gives me a slightly closer shave than my previous razor with 3 blades -LRB- the mach 3 -RRB- but I honestly do n't care about the slight difference . Hence I have come to the conclusion that this is not much of an advance in shaving technology , in a strange way , it is actually a step backwards as the prices of blades have gone up without a real noticeable enhancement in my shave . I am glad that they have n't stopped making my previous blades and will likely switch back to those after I have used up all of my fusion blades .
 Got one as a gift as the giver thought I needed to upgrade from my old Sensor razor . Fusion is a piece of junk - much more difficult to handle and maneuver than the old sensor . Most of all , it 's no where close to the Sensor in giving a comfortable shave . I see Gillette is using famous athletes to pitch this piece of garbage . Gillette is desperate for sales because I think they also know that this product is a piece of junk . I read somewhere that they decided to come out with a 5-blade unit because Schick already had a 4-blade one and they wanted a new gimmick over their Mach razors . Totally NOT WORTH the MONEY !
 JUST BOUGHT A GILLETTE FUSION PROGLIDE . IT IS PACKAGED IN PLASTIC CASE THAT YOU CAN NOT SEE CONTENTS . THE PACKAGE SAYS 1 RAZOR 2 CARTRIDGES . GILLETTE ISCOUNTING THE CARTRIDGE ON THE HANDLE AS ONE OF YOUR TWO . THEY CONSIDER THE HANDLE TO BE A RAZOR . GILLETTE IS SHAVING ONE CARTRIDGE FROM YOUR PURCHASE.WITH THE BLADES BEING PRICED HIGH , GILLETTE IS BEING CHEAP , AND DAMAGING THEIRGOOD WILL . JUST BE AWARE THAT APPEARANCE IS DECEIVING . THE HANDLE IS ARAZOR BY GILLETTE 'S DEFINITION , THEY HAVE PLACED ONE OF YOUR TWO CARTRIDGES ONTHE HANDLE TO MAKE IT A RAZOR . YOU HAVE ONE LESS CARTRIDGE THEN YOU THINK.LARRY
 seal of the pack was opened . For hygenic reasons I threw it awya to bust bin.This height of quality that Amazon only can reach . Please refund my money as I have alredy thrown it to dust bin . Dont ask me any other question or options just refund it back else leave it . I have to think twice in future .
 This has to be the worst Gillette shaving blade ever made . The head is so big that it is virtually impossible to shave well under your nose and chin . The bibrating gimmick is absolutely useless and a complete waist of a battery . Is a shame that a company that generally comes out with very good products could design such a terrible product.I have no idea whom in their right mind would give a possitive review to this product . You are either drunk , on drugs or work for Gillette .
 It did seem to keep the insulin pens cooler but after just 2 months of use it would no longer activate . Do not buy this brand .
 only used it twice . the first time , it worked great . The second time , after only a few hours the insulin was hot and the pouch was leaking the gel crystals . I had to throw it away after only one good use of it , along with my insulin . I was not to hard on it , kept it safe in a bag , and cared for it as followed by directions . Now I just use an ice pack in a `` lunch bag '' with my insulin and it works fine .
 look im an old head when it comes to patchouli this is not 100 % pure cut with something maybe some kind of baby oil still patchouli but not pure not dark brown and thick like i like my patchouli cut with something they did send me a free bar of soap though not 100 % pure gave it away to patchouli beginner ordering some pure patchouli
 The wife wanted a handheld steam cleaner to get to the tight , tough to reach spots and also to help sterilize the baby 's toys , etc. . We tried the parent 's cleaner from Shark and were thrilled with the results , but did n't want to put a ton of money into one , so we figured a brand name company like Hoover would have a great product . Boy , were we wrong . Upon initial inspection , the cleaner looks really impressive . Upon use , my opinion changed fast . The cleaner `` heats '' really fast , but it never really gets hot -LRB- I was able to hold my hand 3 inches from the nozzle and it only felt warm -RRB- . The steam runs continuously , there is no way to start/stop the steam without turning the unit off and then back on and waiting for it to warm back up -LRB- although you can vary the amount of steam -RRB- . There is really no force/pressure behind the steam coming out either -LRB- it pretty much just gets stuff wet -RRB- . The `` jet '' nozzle only points downward also , making it near impossible to get in between tight spots or next to the floor . There could be a saving grace somewhere with this machine , but after an hour of refilling the tank , turning the machine on & off , waiting for it to heat , and getting cramps from twisting/bending to get this huge cleaner into tight spots , we promptly packaged it back up and returned it to Amazon without even trying any other attachments because we were so disappointed -LRB- without even giving it a second thought -RRB- . Guess we will have to fork out the extra money to get one that really works as advertised .
 I bought this item thinking i would be able to clean grease and mildew with much more ease . The first time I tried to clean my tea kettle , which gets greasy from sitting on the stove , the steamer did NOTHING . Same with the grease on my stove-top . Then I pre-treated the area with a concentrated cleaner , Simple Green , for about 15 mintues and went back at the grease areas with the steamer . NOTHING . Same story in the bathroom . I could n't even remove surface mildew and soap scum from the shower ... mildew/soap scum that would easily be scrubbed off with a little bit of cleanser and a scrub-pad . I am totally bummed since I was hoping to cut down on the amount of elbow grease and chemicals needed for cleaning my house.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PIECE OF JUNK . I spent $ 60 on it a month ago and now it 's going for $ 50 . : |
 I learned early on that this was best used for light dirt , & not to use it on caulk or grout if you want it to stay intact . So , I pulled it today after minimal usage & - nothing . Lights up , makes noise , but no steam . I 've used it only as decribed in the directions , & the trouble-shooting guide tells you nothing about this particular problem . In the dumpster it goes , with my `` Bug Catcher '' . Does n't anybody make anything that works anymore ?
 I am so done buying supplements suggested on Dr. Oz . I have yet to try one that actually does as he suggests . I 'm sticking with my one and only tried and true multivitamin , my zinc pill , and a selenium pill a day .
 Did not curb my craving for beer at all . Total waste of my money . wo n't be buying this anymore . Too good to be true .
 I did not see that this product did anything at all for me . I was not impressed in any way .
 Do n't notice anything ! I read about all the stuff it 's suppose to do , but like a lot of those supplements they do n't do anything - or if they do you ca n't notice . Maybe I 'm a lot better looking now , than before and I do n't even notice .
 This pouch was not very useful and it was hard to keep things organized in it . Since I use insulin pens and screw on needles I found my needles falling all over the place and it was hard to get more than two pens in the pouch in any kind of order so I had to check each one to see which one I have been using . I guess I should have brought a marking pen and labeled the insulin pens .
 The Medicool Poucho Diabetic Wallet Large arrived promptly after ordering . Upon receipt there was no paperwork with directions or warranty . The evaporative cooling media was very slimy and dissipated into nothing within 30 day of use . I missed the 90 day return date and could not return it so I discarded it . I called Medicool to see if they had something better to keep my insulin in and they informed me that the product I discarded has a one year warranty . The warranty paperwork , had I had it , would have allowed me to replace it directly with Medicool . Just saying ...
 Fo some reason mine didnt work at all . It got all slimy and I ended up having to put ice all around it to keep the insulin cold . Good concept , maybe I just got a bad one out o the batch .
 Do n't like the product . I would get into more detail , but I am afraid of a second round of harassing emails from this company.Other products they sell I will buy and think are great . However , do n't you dare review anything poor , or they will make you suffer until you remove your thoughts .
 Get this model instead
 The RBC2 listed here on longer contains a free return of the old battery , so add the shipping cost and headache of getting it shipped UPS . Some of the batteries listed still have free shipment ; maybe they are old stock .
 The battery contacts do not mate with the original APC system , this is not a fit form replacement to the APC battery . If you bend the ABC contacts you can make the battery contact , but ultimately it would be unreliable.I think this is a case of `` you get what you pay for '' , I was hoping for a fit , function , replacement but found that ABC missed the mark and has provided a sub-standard product which is of no use .
 review unknown , ask me in two years ! The battery purchased was a replacement for a battery in a APC back-up unit ; it fit perfectly ; why should n't it.The battery it replaced was an after market battery that had failed anddistorted so badly the entire back-up frame had to be disassembled to remove thebattery . -LRB- 1.5 year life span , not acceptable ! -RRB- WE WILL SEE HOW LONG IT TAKES BEFORE THIS ONE FAILS.If this is coming from ` THAT COUNTRY ' , ` AMERICA , WAKE UP !!!!!! '
 This battery was ordered to replace a battery in one of my APC UPS units which after 3 yrs of use needed replacement . When this new battery was received , it was installed into the UPS , which had been already taken off-line due to the previous battery failure , so that the new battery could charge to full capacity . 2 days later , the UPS was re-connected to the computer where the APC `` Powerchute '' UPS monitoring program reported that the battery had taken only a 31 % charge . Thinking that it might be a problem with the UPS , I swapped batteries with another similar UPS unit , on another computer , which was operating correctly . The second UPS unit also could not bring this new battery up to a full charge.After contacting this seller about the faulty battery , I was told that the only thing that I could do was that I could return this battery for a refund , AT MY SHIPPING EXPENSE . The least expensive price for return shipping was more expensive than the refund I would have received , so the battery ended up at the local city dump for recycling , and I was out the price that I paid for this battery .
 I just ca n't get over the smell of these things . I had to go out and buy a different product . I love Quantum stuff but these do n't do it for me . Once you wipe this on your arms and legs , you wo n't get able to get that smell off your hands . Stick with their spray . It seems to have a different formula .
 I ordered and paid for this item on 5/15/07 . Two -LRB- 2 -RRB- months have gone by and I still have not received the item . I was told it was back ordered and would be received within 15 days ! Wondering if it will ever show up ?
 This is an extraordinarily expensive after shave balm , so my expectations were very high . The product went on very smoothy , with no oily residue and no off putting or overwhelming scent . So , right off the bat , I was impressed . That is where my fondness stopped.I have rather dry skin , especially around the corners of my mouth . I had hoped that this balm would have done better than the Nivea Sensitive Extra Soothing Balm I had used in the past , which was adequate . I was sorely disappointed . The reason for a one star rating , as apposed to perhaps two , is the fact that each tiny bottle costs ~ $ 40 ! Outrageous ! My advice would be to try a much less expensive product .
 My husband said that he does n't like this as well as his old aftershave lotion because it feels sticky . I actually liked the very subtle smell to it when it is first applied . The scent disappears right away though .
 Colibri lighters are lovely things . The problem is that they are short lived and are produced by a crappy company . Here 's why I say that . I own 3 , none of which work . I just sent one back to Colibri for warranty . It came back undeliverable . The electronic phone answering service said leave a message but the mail box was full . An internet check showed the address had changed and gave a different 800 number . That number said leave a message . Good luck , nobody called back . So if you buy one of these , enjoy it while it works .
 I liked the taste and effervescence . However , Airborn left a film on all my cups that my dishwasher could not remove . I had to hand wash all my cups after using this . I 've had Krueger Vitamin C - Effervescent Tablets which had better effervescence and did n't leave a film on my cups .
 This seems to be overpriced vitamin C supplement.The package bought here is a little bigger than the one you got at the store . However it 's not worth the $ $ at all .
 I have used this product multiple times to try to prevent an illness from coming on , and it never once worked . I had the same results from just drinking a lot of water and riding it out . I know that a lot of people swear by it , and I guess that it does help some people out . I can only go by my own experience , and for me , this was a waste of money .
 I wanted to make a black and white cake so I got this at a store near me . As soon as I got home I sprayed a tiny bit on my hand and licked it . It smelled and tasted horrible . I threw it out within minutes of coming home from the store . I own quite a few Wilton products but would advise against getting the black spray .
 I looked everwhere to change my daughter 's birthday cake frosting black when the frosting was white . This product sprays on and says it will give it a black color . I followed the instructions perfectly and it gave it a grayish color only if you sprayed a bunch on . The smell was awful and it looked awful . Realizing it was n't going to work I stopped and tried to scrape it off . The entire cake absorbed the flavor - it was horrible and the cake ended up in the garbage .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ! Thought this was a great idea . sounded quick and a fun way to add color to cakes . It did give color to the cake but the smell was horrible . Smellslike hair spray . Not something I want to eat or let my children eat .
 I 've used this for about a month to floss under a dental appliance . It 's generally worked all right , although often the tip inserted between teeth would occasionally lose stiffness and I 'd have to use a new one . The bigger problem is that it just tore and stuck under my appliance . I 've tried for hours now to remove it using toothpicks , tweezers , and interdental brushes , but at this point I 'm not sure it 's even physically possible , since most of the fibers have shredded , leaving a tangled knot around the metal bar on my teeth . My gum is now bleeding . If the floss does n't come out in the next day or two I may have to get the appliance removed entirely . There 's no longer enough of the floss left to even grab onto . I was using these because the space is too tight for most dental brushes -LRB- the brushes with the small metal rod in the middle -RRB- -- they just bend almost immediately , limiting them to 0-1 uses . I 'm now extremely hesitant to use this product in the future , and I 'm not sure how I 'm going to clean under my dental appliance ; if you are using this floss for that purpose , expect this to happen at some point or another . A day-ruiner , for sure .
 I just spent over an hour trying to help my husband get this stuff out from between his teeth . The stretchy stuff shreds off and gets stuck in braces . I just read a review elsewhere about it too . The other person was able to save the day by repeatedly running knotted floss through the stuck spot . This did not work for us and we resulted to also using tweezers , toothpicks , and even a pin to scrape the stuff out . It kept fraying off as we went . Seriously , this problem started at 11pm and it is now 12 ; 20am and we just finshed . I am not happy about this ! The Oral B hotline does not have a pro manning the lines at this hour so they patched us through to a paramedic who basically told us that it being stuck in your teeth wont hurt you any . Really helpful , huh ? I think I may never buy another Oral B product ever again !
 The puffy part completely shredded in my teeth , and even trying to remove it ended up jamming fibers between my teeth and gums . There 's not enough to grab to pull out ; I had to use another floss product to pull shreds out , one fiber at a time ... I can feel it with my tongue behind my bottom teeth . I ca n't just leave it there because the fibers will collect food and plaque and basically be a rot-sponge . This is torture . It 's after midnight and I have to be up in a few hours . I just wanted to clean my teeth !
 The figure of 200mg this product claims is extremely deceptive . It tells me nothing about the amount of total resveratrol in the product nor does it tell you how much of this is Trans-resveratrol , the isomer responsible for the health effects of resveratrol in all of the in vitro and human trials . Conversely there is no information on the amount of the cis-resveratrol isomer , which nullifies the effect of Trans-resveratrol . Resveratrol is not an easy supplement to manufacture properly . It is subject to oxidation and degradation by UV exposure . Only one company here protects their supplement from these effects by active packaging . It is not this one . What good is a supplement if it does not arrive in potent active form . When something appears to be too good to be true there is almost always a good explanation . In this case the explanation is being hidden from us .
 This has a medicinal whiff that ca n't be hidden even when blended in a smoothie with bananas and peanut butter . I think it 's the Xylitol sweetener that 's used in cough syrups and baby liquid aspirin , but whatever it is , it overpowers the taste of everything else.Kinda wish they 'd make an unsweetened and unflavored version and just let us flavor our supplements and medicines as we see fit . I wo n't be buying another bottle .
 I am very disappointed ! Its says it has 200mg but the actual Resveratrol in each cap is only 10mg . Do n't waste your money !
 I received this product and found it contained 10mg of actual resveratrol ... I returned it and went elsewhere . I a very disappointed in NOW for putting out such a low quality product .
 oh yeah anti aging product for $ 13.99 . if anything this POS increases the size of your sphincters because you 're really getting screwed out of 13.99 + shipping .
 I had bad swelling in my legs and feet during my pregnancy . I thought this might help , but it did n't .
 I 'm not sure what the big deal is with this stuff . I tried it on my 2 1/2 yr old 10 inch omelet pan and I must say am underwhelmed . Despite several applications and lots of scrubbing , this $ 15 jar of cleaner was no better than my 89 cent can of Bon Ami , and maybe not as good . I 'll probably use it up only because it cost so much , but I wo n't be ordering it again .
 I read from other reviewers that this stuff will clean the daylights out of my anodized aluminum pans.They are all wrong . You will have to scrub like mad with or without this stuff . I do n't think it made any difference in the effort or result.Just use a scouring pad and some hot soapy water .
 I bought this with the intention that it would work as stated , since it is a Calphlon product . However , much to my dismay it DID NOT take away the dime-sized brown spot on the bottom of one of my Calphalon anodized pots . It also did not make the outside of the pots ` look like new ' . I scrubbed and scrubbed with no results of removing the spot at all . My money went down the sink drain along with this useless product .
 I got this thinking it would work but it 's not even a fraction as good as cheap cleanser you can get for under a dollar . It 's clearly not worth $ 15 . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 Worthless . It did n't clean the bott om of the pans never have any problems with the insides . I want a product that takes cooking dark spots off .
 Does n't work , period , unless I 'm completely incompetent , and I know I 'm not ! I 've tried it every which way , when the pan was cold , warm , hot . In all cases , there was n't any noteworthy result . I 'm disappointed because I like my hard-anodized pans , but I do n't like them with stains : - -LRB-
 THIS PRODUCT DID NOT HELP MY CALPHLON COOKWARE AT ALL . I FIND IT USELESS . DO NOT BOTHER TO BUY .
 I do n't know about the quality of the ingredients proper in the gel-cap , but I can attest to the fact that , out of three bottles , each and every one of them had leaking pills in it . This clingy , orange stuff sticks to everything . If this is the quality control of this company , I wonder what 's in the pill .
 These taste good . Like candy , including high fructose corn syrup ... so 5 stars for taste.But , these are suppose to be `` health '' bars.I asked my wife , who 's studying to be a nutritionist and she was not impressed with the ingredients and amount of sugar.So , for a `` health '' bar , I 'm giving this 2 stars . If you just want taste though , then you 'll be pleased .
 A quick look at the ingredients should tell you these are NOT really good for you . But if you are suffering from constipation these should do the trick as you will have to run to the bathroom within 30 minutes of consuming . This is do to the sugar alcohols that are produced in the bar . -LRB- check the warning on the back -RRB- . You 're better off eating a Snickers with these bars at 410 calories a pop
 This baffles me . They call it a `` meal replacement '' bar , but there 's enough sugar in these to make a big wedding cake . This is n't a meal replacment bar . It 's an appetizer with 50 table spoons of sugar . So you get a little protein and enough sugar to ruin any health benefits .
 ... when I opened the first package of this one and took my first bite , the taste sensation was horrible , maybe this was left out in the heat over the summer . It kind of had a sickly cherry taste and smell . Tried another bar the same !!! Again , I love these bars , but now am leery about ordering again ! Food should taste good ... this pack did not !!!!
 Incredibly rich and tasty ! Lists lots of protein , so that 's good . But , watch out for sugar overload ! Why it has to contain so many grams of sugar -- for a health bar -- is beyond me . 25 grams of sugar in the Cookie Crunch ! OMdiabetes ! To my knowledge , all the Colossal protein bars have extremely high sugar levels . The wrapper is super noisy ; try handling one in the quietness of your home without waking up or disturbing someone ... forget it . Again , on the plus side the bar is really tasty and alleges high protein ; on the down side , sugar quantity is sky high and the wrapper is really noisy .
 I bought these because I read an article -LRB- that was obviously wrong -RRB- saying that these only had 2grams of sugarbut it has 26grams !!!! that 's more than a regular chocolate/candy bar.taste wise they are pretty good but that 's because anything dipped in sugar is delicious.I do n't care how much Protein it has if you are hurting everything else.if you are serious do n't buy them , if you do n't have weight problems and want the protein go ahead and buy these candy bars .
 This baffles me . They call it a `` meal replacement '' bar , but there 's enough sugar in these to make a big wedding cake . This is n't a meal replacment bar . It 's an appetizer with 50 table spoons of sugar . So you get a little protein and enough sugar to ruin any health benefits .
 Do n't get me wrong , I love the stuff , BUT , when the product is advertised or marketed on Amazon as a `` Pack of 42 '' , I expect to receive a box of 42 packets of powder . That 's not what I received - my boxes contained only 40 packets of powder . I think this is deceiving . Since Amazon is only advertising the product for sale , the problem is with the seller , DAB Nutrition .
 I used the original Met-RX for many years and loved it . The extreme chocolate was not artificially sweetened and was thick rich and tasted great . I have not used it in about 9 years and decided to go back to it since I am back in workout mode . The Met-RX I used in the past is no longer . This stuff is horrible ! Artificial tasting and chemically sweetened to boot . What a terrible shame such a wonderful great tasting product now tases horrible like all the rest!Better to make your own natural shake : If you want a great protein shake just use a little low fat ricotta cheese about two heaping T. , a half frozen banana , a few walnuts , 1 heaping T. psyllium powder for fiber and thickener , and a little cinnamon , add a little ice and cold water and blend . High in whey protein , fiber and it is all natural and tastes great ! You can also use natural fruit spreads or peanut butter in this . Forget these over priced artificial chemical mixes make your own !
 Disappointing , even though the picture shows them as aprox . an inch long . Only one or two actually were . However , all other sellers seem to be the same , but at least could tell by the picture .
 I recently began study with a Shaman who instructed me to purchase 2 Crystal quartz stones and a Chakra set . I asked where to purchase and was told to `` follow my inner self '' . My inner self led me to this seller and this purchase . The Chakra set I received was about what I expected from the website listing with a few exceptions
 I asked for pure butternut flavor my wife said it is not the right kind to make her cakes with
 After using Sally Hansen Extra Strength Brazilian wax for years i found this wax to be kind of hard to use . I decided to switch to this brand because it does n't require having a microwave like Sally Hansen wax and is a lot cheaper . You will need to purchase a wax warmer to use this wax , metallic container is not safe for the microwave.GIGI Brazilian wax goes on nicely , but very difficult to remove because you have to pick it off . Quite messy and sticky . Not sure how long i 'm supposed to let it dry - very mixed suggestions in other reviews , but if it 's soft it sticks to my fingers and when it dries out completely it gets brittle.Since most reviewers are very happy with this product i tend to think i do n't know what i 'm doing rather than it 's a bad product , will have to revisit this review in few months when i 'm more familiar with this wax . ---------- edit : after a few months with this sticky uncontrollable mess i decided that this particular wax is not for me . Changed rating from 3 stars to 2 because my experience with this product does not get any less annoying
 This product is not bad however , I bought it so I could wax without strips and not have to go to the salon every month and spend over $ 50.00 for 1 session , when I could do the same for less at home . Well , it was a bit messy and certain areas like my legs -LRB- one would think would be the most simple area of waxing -RRB- were complex . Overall , if you 're a pro , you 'll love the product , if you 're a novice like me , you may need to go back to the salon .
 Not the greatest wax . It is okay but I found that the wax does n't bond well with the hair at times .
 I would not recommend this wax . On the lowest setting of the Gigi warmer it is still very fluid and drips of the applicator which makes things messy . When it 's actually on my skin , it sticks on the skin very much , not just on the hairs . Moreover , it often breaks when I try to pull it off . As a result , it 's even harder to get the rest of the wax off.I prefer more flexible -LRB- elastic -RRB- wax which does n't break when you pull it off . I will not buy this wax anymore .
 I have no clue how this got so many good reviews . I 've waxed many times before and I thought I 'd try the GiGi brand . It 's HORRIBLE !!! The wax does n't dry hard enough at all . It will not set ! It 's like i 'm using hard wax mixed with sticky soft wax it 's ridiculous . It did n't take the hair out at the follicle so I have stubs of hairs and bits of wax everywhere . TERRIBLE !!!!!!!!!!!
 I gave two stars because it 's painful on the bikini line -LRB- what I bought it for -RRB- . I followed all the great reviews on here from everyday people but I found it painful & messy . It leaves pieces of wax in spots on the skin . I have to slather on lotion afterwards & then pick , pick , pick , until it all comes off . I thought it would be cleaner & easier than that but it 's not . If you 're not a professional , you may have ISSUES like I do . But I still use it when I need to & it does seem the hair grows back slower . It does NOT prevent ingrowns though . 1st time I used it , I got a horrible one that 's still a dark brown scar , over a month later . I 'm a fair-skinned Caucasian .
 It 's the same thing that Sally 's carries , but with a different label . I did n't like either of them , they 're the same.I am still not sure if you 're supposed to use strips with it or not . It does n't seem to work well either way , although I like this line .
 Just used this tonight . I am regretting this purchase for 3 reasons :1 -RRB- It 's sooooo hard to clean up . I have it under my fingernails -LRB- from pulling up the strips -RRB- and on my legs at various spots where it simply did n't pick up with the strips . It 's very waxy and sticky and I do n't know how to get it off . Compared to a previous wax I used last month -LRB- a sugar-based one using paper strips -RRB- , this is a disaster . The sugar-based one obviously just cleaned up like sugar does - with water . No problem at all . -LRB- What I did n't like about the sugar one is the fact that you ca n't reuse once you run out of paper strips unless you somehow buy extras . -RRB- 2 -RRB- You ca n't heat it up in the microwave ! Did I miss something when I was reading the product description and reviews ? I do n't remember seeing that you have to have a special warmer to use this thing . The reason you ca n't put it in the microwave is because the container is made of metal . I compare it to the wax I used the time before last -LRB- which was a hard wax basically identical to this one -RRB- , which I could heat up in the microwave . Since I do n't have a special warmer , I put water in a pan on the stove and placed the pot of wax in that -LRB- water did not exceed the height of the can obviously -RRB- . As hard as I tried , however , I could n't keep all the wax from getting into the pan . -LRB- I also dropped the whole pot of wax as I was transporting it from the stove and it left a horrible mess on my kitchen appliances - something that would have been a non-issue if I was using the sugar-based wax ... -RRB- 3 -RRB- No applicator ! Where was the applicator ? I had to end up using one of my more round butter knifes to apply.PS - It was pretty effective in pulling out the hair -LRB- at least as effective as the sugar kind -RRB- , but with all this trouble , I 'm going to go back to the sugar next time .
 I had to give at least one star rating , but honestly I 'd say maybe it 's worth 1/2 of a star . I have worked at 5 star spa/salons and know my stuff ! I tested the wax first on my arm , following all directions . The wax does n't get all that hard like other hard waxes , so it can be messier , and really a pain in the @ ** . Anyways , the next day after testing the wax on my arm , my arm was COVERED in loads of small red bumps , that looked like I had been attacked by 100 fire ants . Sufficed to say after that there 's no way I want to give myself a brazilian with this CRAP . I would n't want my lady parts looking that way . Very SCARY ! $ 15 down the drain .
 All this wax did for me was to break off the hair to stubble . I might as well have shaved . Plus , it left bits all over my skin . As an added treat , even though I used a collar on my wax warmer I 'm going to need a crowbar to remove the can .
 if this is brazilian wax , I am Giselle Bundchen . Just awful.I have been using wax for 20 years . I always bring my wax from abroad . I chose this wax just because it was hard and usually that 's the best type of wax to use . However after the first try I just tossed the wax away . It is like trying to wax yourself with chewing gum . It is so sticky that you need rubbing alcohol to clean your hands . Just awful .
 I 'm not sure why , but there seems to be two of this product on Amazon ... well it makes no idfference which one I review because they 're the same thing ... I ordered this product excitedly after seeing several wonderful reviews about how great it works . People said it was pain free and really simple to use . However , that was not the case . It arrived at my house but I was surprised to find that the product I recieved was not what was advertised on this site . I 'm not sure if they 're the same thing but this was definitely what I ordered.I heated the wax up in the microwave until it started sparking and letting off a really foul smell . I brought it to the bathroom and spread some on my leg . I tried to get a lot so that it was thick but that was difficult because the wax was stringy and I did n't want to get any on the floor or counter . I waited 30 seconds like the containter said to pull it off and tried to do exactly what they said to do . However , the wax did not come off . It stuck to my body and would not come off . I had to pick with my fingernails to get it off ... and it still did n't come . It was awful . There was wax all over my fingers and it simply refused to come off my body . It took days of burning pain to get everything off ... I know I 'm not professional in any way but nowhere did it say I had to be ... so if you do n't have much experience with waxes , save yourself the trouble and do n't buy this product . You 'd regret it .
 I noticed a relief in wrist , knee pain . So that aspect worked . But the elastic string use to hold magnets together was of poor quality . You could actually see where the strings are tied together because of the extra string at end of the knot . Not ideal to wear if you are doing anything physical . Wrong bump and your string snaps .
 The bracelet helped relieve some of the pain but if you are rough on things , I suggest stay away from it . Mine broke before a week was up .
 I had a concern about this bracelet . It did not feel comfortable and soothing and I stopped wearing it right away . Very disappointed
 The bracelet may be powerful but how would I know . I could just barely get it on . So I gave it to my wife to wear . She said she could wear it but was even a little tight on her.When I bought the bracelet , there was no size option . You should have a `` MAN 's '' size bracelet !
 Was not big enough to fit my wrists . When I tried to take it off the string broke . String was not strong enough .
 The title of this item mentions that the magnets are powerful . Please do n't buy this item if you are looking for powerful magnets as they are so weak they barely adhere to each other . They are some of the weakest magnets I have ever seen . Seller needs to change description and leave out the word `` powerful '' .
 The braclet did not fit on my wrist comfortably at all . It was too small . Because I could n't wear it , I gave it to a femal friend of mine who liked it . It also did not fit her . Neither one of us are overweight , so I 'm going to guess you have to be very petite for this to actually fit comfortable , or a child . Although it is a beautiful braclet . I would n't recommend it .
 I received the bracelet and wore it a while , but it fell apart just like thatsuddenly without warning so it ended up in the trash . I only wore it abouttwo days . It was damaged when it was sent to me I guess . I did n't get tofind out whether it worked or not , did n't have it long enough.Thank you , Matilde Walker
 I find that the bracelet is very attractive , but was not very effective with respect to pain relief , at least not for me !
 Ordered this for husband whom underwent hip surgery after motorcycle accident hoping it would help with pain and arthritis . The string started unraveling within 2 hrs of putting it on . It is about to fall apart after 1st / only time he wore it . It ` can ' be fixed but why should I have to FIX it ????
 I bought this to replace my boyfriend 's old , damaged magnet bracelet . He likes it fine , but it 's definitely not made for his larger wrists - the beads are really spaced out by the time he puts it on.Edited 12/20/12 - bracelet fell apart the day after I posted the review - after less than 2 months of wear .
 TERRIBLE PRODUCT !!! THIS PRODUCT IS A COMPLETELY WASTE OF MONEY !!!!! DO N'T WASTE YOUR 2 TO 3 DOLLARS TRUST ME ... YOU WO N'T WEAR THIS BRACELET EVER ... IT IS VERY POORLY MADE YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR IT IS CHEAP AND THAT IS EXACTLY HOW ITS MADE ... SPEND A LITTLE MORE AND GET SOMETHING BETTER
 While the bracelet is nice enough to look at and goes with most anything , I did not experience the pain relief I was seeking .
 I wanted to believe in this , but it did nothing . I have pain in the distal phalanges in my hand each morning . The joints feel swollen and painful . I wore the bracelet all day and overnight hoping I could finally wake up pain free , but it did nothing . It was the same as any other morning . I tried this for a week , and still nothing , no change .
 This bracelet broke as I was putting it on my wrist , glad it was n't expensive ! I hope others have better luck than I did !
 Product contains virtually NO magnets at all . It is of no use to someone seeking the health benefits of wearing magnets . Take my advice -- do n't order this product .
 This product is nothing but a scam . It is well-researched that magnetic bracelets perform no better than a placebo . There are no health benefits of powerful magnets . It is a pretty bracelet , though definitely not worth the listed price.Save your money and strap a rubber band on your wrist instead . Like theOfficial Lance Armstrong Yellow Cancer LiveSTRONG Rubber Wristband Bracelet .
 Loved the look but the `` string '' they used to make this bracelet only lasted a few weeks and then it broke . I bought another one from a different vendor because it is make with a heavy wire , -LRB- fishing leader -RRB- material and it is almost 1 year old and going strong ! You get what you pay for !
 I know it is a magnet due to the gravity of the situation , but no noticeable change to my physical situation . As with other wrist bands it fits well , and I know it attracts metal , but no other changes . Save your money and move on .
 I bought this for my dad as a present , he has joint and muscle discomfort and i thought i 'd try this out , unfortunately it was a waste and did n't work for him . Could be a cute accessory i guess . .
 Because of spending so much time on iPad and computer I was not able to wear this . At one time the bracelet caused my iPad to change screens when I accidentally touched it . Therefore I do not know if this bracelet works or not . That is the only reason I can not rate this product .
 It is paper like and so fragile.It will easily rip.The babies R us multi use pad or huggies changing pads are better in quality.This item is good if you want something cheap and large quantity .
 totally horrible . do n't buy . they ought to stop selling this item . waste of time & money . get huggies or babiesrus type
 I thought I 'd try these out since they were 1/4 of the price of the Huggies changing pads . I got 1/4 of the quality ... they are tiny and ultra thin . Like an itchy paper towel with saran wrap stuck to the back of them . If you want something you can lay down and actually be happy to change your baby on , this is not the product for you .
 I bought these only to keep in the diaper bag to use when I have my baby in a public restroom and do n't want her to touch the communal changing table . I chose this option thinking it would be better than using reusable vinyl pads that are made in China and have lead . I should have heeded the negative reviews.I realized these were small , but they are super tiny . Even my little munchkin who is still around 12 pounds at nearly three months of age will not be able to get away with using just one of these at a time if I do n't want her to touch the changing table . That means I have to overlap two of them , which is double the cost and still does n't provide enough coverage when she wiggles , scoots , and kicks . When other reviewers said they are thin , they were not exaggerating . I have used two ply toilet paper that feels thicker than one of these , except these have some sort of mega-thin plasticized element that must be there to purportedly help make them waterproof . I honestly do n't see how this will hold anybody 's urine because I doubt that anything this thin can be that absorbent.If you need something to use for a changing table in your home , I would highly recommend buying some old-school Gerber lap pads . They have cotton flannel on both sides , with a layer of waterproof material in the middle . I have used them on top of my normal changing table pad since day one and have never had anything leak through one of them . I am now considering buying more of them to carry in the diaper bag and just bag them and wash them at home after each use . They are much thicker and look more comfortable than this tiny , thin , cheap stuff from Sassy . Plus , one of them is big enough to prevent my baby from actually touching the gross , germy changing table.Bottom line
 I have had changing many pads in the past but this is the absolute - THINEST - WORST - DANGEROUS - ones yet ! Please do not waste your money or frustration ! Try changing a 6 month old baby on the these while the baby is ripping pieces off & trying to put them in his/her mouth while you are trying to change them , readjust position of paper - it `` RIPS '' , & keep baby kinda still -LRB- if not - it will rip more -RRB- - Good Luck With That ! I have napkins thicker than these ! They should put a Warning Label on them `` CAUTION - BABY MAY CHOKE ON PAPER OR YOUR BLOOD PRESSURE MAY RISE EXTREMELY TRYING TO CHANGE BABY '' !!!
 These pads are so cheaply made . They ca n't stand a chance with a baby kicking their legs during diaper change . I have the box just sitting there almost full because I can get no use out of them . Maybe as placemats ?? Anyway , it honestly makes more sense to pay more for the Huggies pads because they at least last a week or so compared to these that last not even a full diaper change .
 Cheap price , but cheap quality too . The baby just kicks and tears it because it 's paper thin and moisture sometimes soaks through . They 're ok for keeping in the diaper bag for when you 're out , but too much of a hassle to use all the time on a changing table or baby bed .
 I tried these , PeeWee Multi Use Disposable Changing Pads - 48 Pack , Huggies Changing Pads - Disposable , Case of 40 -LRB- 5 packs of 8 pads -RRB- & Munchkin A&H ; Disposable Changing Pad - 10 Pack , and these are my least favorite.Pros : They 're inexpensive , so they may be good if you want to thow them out after every use -LRB- maybe for public changing tables -RRB- The waterproof layer works fine.Cons : They 're thin , almost reminding me of toilet paper in public school bathrooms -LRB- a long time ago . -RRB- They 're small , so if I did n't use two pads to cover the target area , my daughter 's changing time poop squirts often ended up off the pad.When they stay clean , they hardly stay in place ; kicking feet scoot them out of the way , and then they cling to baby 's clothes when I pick her up.I ended up using these as disposable placemats for when my 3-year-old `` helps '' me stir dinner .
 Do not bother with this product - it will not save you time or clean-up ! The pads are super flimsy and no better than a paper towel . We had purchased a different brand before and LOVED them as they saved time and clean-up woes when our little one decides to continue going to the bathroom during a changing . If you have a kicker or squirmer , this pad will be gone in two kicks . They are useless - just use a paper towel instead and save some money .
 I should have read more carefully the previous comments ... These changing pads are really too thin , not what I was looking for and expecting ... Like a previous user was saying , it is a bit like the disposable papers at the dentist : sSo a bit useless , but well ... We are using them , but we will not buy again !
 They were much thinner than I expected and therefore did not lay flat when I changed my grandson . The price is excellent . However , it 's not much thicker than a paper towel which does n't stay in place while changing a baby . It is water-proof and will do what it needs too on that category .
 I bought these figuring why do I need to drop a bunch of money on something that 's only going to get pooped on and thrown away ? But I guess you get what you pay for . These are about half the length of the Munchkin changing pads , so I need two of them to line my changing table . And they 're cheap-feeling &#8212; thin and crinkly , easily kicked around by a squirming baby . I wo n't buy these again .
 I have used the other liners that I got in a box off my registry from babies r us -LRB- sorry I do n't have the name -RRB- . I use them for public changing as well as put on the changing pad to protect from leaks . The ones I had would last until poop got on it or an excessive amount of spit up . I used one box of 16 or so in 2 1/2 months . These rip pretty much right when I lay her down or she moves . -LRB- She is 3 1/2 months old now -RRB- . They are also quite small . A waste of money .
 To me , these are terrible . They are small -LRB- only covering half of the surface under the baby -RRB- , do n't absorb much -LRB- as its like a piece of paper with a thin plastic coat on the back -RRB- and they are WAY to thin that my baby tears it all the time just from kicking and has done so since the age of 4 months . Personally I wont buy them again .
 These are really thin . They slide around easily . This can add to the mess . The Neat Solutions or Huggies ones are worth the extra money .
 Whenever my son 's even slightly damp skin touches it , it sticks to him and a piece comes off . The waterproof backing makes this extremely slippery and wo n't stay in place anyway . I 've used similar products before , and while those could be used multiple times , had we wished it , these ones do n't even last through one !
 What a waste ! they are so tiny ! it takes 5 or 6 of these things to cover a changing table in a public restroom - and they are so thin -LRB- like a sheet of paper or papertowel - that they blow around as you put them down and if your kid moves ... it just did not work for me at all . I ca n't even think of a useful way to use up what i have left.Much better to buy wee wee pads they make for puppies/kittens - they are sturdy and large enough to cover a changing table .
 I knew these where a cheap price when I bought them , so ca n't say that I did n't expect that it might be a cheap product which they are . They are soooo thin and flimsy . I was using Babies R Us store brand of disposible pads before and these do n't even compare . They are so thin that they stick right to my baby 's butt when changing and I 'm wrestling with them to unstick them and try to get a diaper under my baby ; they just fold and crinkle up . Not even worth $ 5 . I 'd say they 're only worth $ 1 . I do not plan to ever buy these again . Not recommended for every day use .
 Thinner then a tissue paper , it tears even if you handle with care.Least absorbent , you can see liquid floating on surface .
 Box advertises Absorbent/Soft . EPIC FAIL!You may as well go to HD and buy the thin plastic they sell . This product is THAT terrible.Paper part is non-existent . Thing rips.They are too small to cover any useful area.For a baby product - it 's unusable!Dog ? Grandma ? maybe!Stop selling this crap!Any 5 star reviews on this are totally fake !
 If your child moves an inch , these things will rip to shreds . Not worth the money . Get the thicker ones from a different manufacturer - you can use them more than once .
 We usually use the disposable changing pads from babiesrus but decided to give this one a try.But it 's way too thin that when our son pees , the urine will actually go through the pad and rip the pad a little.It 's way too thin to use . .
 I was really hoping these were thicker and more absorbent but these are more like dental bibs and quite thin . I am hoping I will find some other use for them in the future .
 Babies R Us has another brand that works much better - I just hate going into that store so thought I 'd order these instead . These are much lower quality - tear while baby is sitting on them .
 I purchased these pads to replace the babies r us brand ones when I ran out . My daughter loves to kick her legs when being changed and these pads are so flimsy that they would crumple up and rip . Not worth the money .
 These are not absorbent at all . My baby regularly pees on the changing table and I have used puppy pads in the past for easy clean-up . They were a little pricey so I thought I would try these . I used maybe two and the rest are sitting in a drawer . After trying these I went back to using puppy pads . Also , I know it is a little strange to comment on , but the pattern on these `` pads '' includes different colors of baby hands . One of the colors is red which looks like bloody little hand prints . Gross .
 Item advertised in sealed blisterpack ... arrived loose in unmarked box . . ca n't determine if used , purchased as a backup for dive computer , ca n't test till needed.Emailed seller and they were sorry I was disappointed . . not much satisfaction from that response .
 I wanted to make a black and white cake so I got this at a store near me . As soon as I got home I sprayed a tiny bit on my hand and licked it . It smelled and tasted horrible . I threw it out within minutes of coming home from the store . I own quite a few Wilton products but would advise against getting the black spray .
 I looked everwhere to change my daughter 's birthday cake frosting black when the frosting was white . This product sprays on and says it will give it a black color . I followed the instructions perfectly and it gave it a grayish color only if you sprayed a bunch on . The smell was awful and it looked awful . Realizing it was n't going to work I stopped and tried to scrape it off . The entire cake absorbed the flavor - it was horrible and the cake ended up in the garbage .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ! Thought this was a great idea . sounded quick and a fun way to add color to cakes . It did give color to the cake but the smell was horrible . Smellslike hair spray . Not something I want to eat or let my children eat .
 As reported for the Energizers I purchased at Amazon , I found these Duracell batteries at an online pharmacy called hocks which had them much cheaper and with my other items had no shipping or tax either . If you have only an order for a battery and will get stuck with shipping , then these prices might be OK , but if you order anything else over some limit -LRB- $ 75 ?? -RRB- , then the hocks place will ship free and if I remember right it was $ 1.69 for TWO of these batteries in one package ! Ca n't beat that price .
 Supplier said the product was in stock , then could n't ship for weeks . We tried to cancel the order because we had to buy product elsewhere , would not cancel . Avoid this supplier ! We made a formal complaint with our state Attorney General . Amazon should drop this supplier . All during the time they could n't supply Amazon page said
 This was sticky goo which I found difficult to remove . I would not use it again .
 the green creamy paste , did not work for me , hard to handle , and kind of messy , at least for me . I am more used to a `` bain-marie on a stove top '' , than using a microwaveable product , though other gigi 's product worked fine with me .
 This wax was super sticky , very gooey , and did NOT wash off my skin afterward . I will never use this product again . Way too sticky . The GiGi waxes where you must keep them in a warmer are much better quality than these microwavable waxes .
 This product is very dangerous . I ` ve been waxing for 8 years and never had an accident before . I 've bought this product , followed the instructions and the wax blow in my face and arm when I open the microwave . I 've got second degree burns and want everybody to know that this product is not safe .
 This was a complete waste of my money and time . NADS was a cleaner product with a superior waxing performance . Do n't bother with this crap !
 Product was listed as a TENA product . Item came in a box labeled Comfort Care . This product feels different , feels more slick on the back side . After using for a few weeks , some observations . When the pad gets full , the padding will wad up and slide together , giving the users a feeling of being wet . This did not happen with a true TENA pad.I for one , will NOT order from this company again . I feel that there was a swap of items and I did not receive what I ordered ... the true TENA pads .
 This `` glo germ '' does not work what so ever . I had to use it for a science fair project and didnt know what to do because it would do what it promised me . I think this was a waste of my and money .
 I got this for our medical office to show the staff that they may not be washing their hands well enough or long enough -LRB- and to demonstrate that there are germs in places they had n't thought about -RRB- . Unfortunately , the joke was on me . It made a mess of whatever I put it on -LRB- including hands -RRB- ! It has the texture of corn startch and sprinkles out like powdered sugar . It was very difficult to clean up . I used a vacuum cleaner to get the worst of it , but even using warm , soapy water and spray cleaner , it left a cruddy feel to the desk top . I would 've saved my time and money on this if I had known what I was getting .
 Be warned that you will not get the Ultra brand of Duracell . If you go to their website -LRB- Duracell -RRB- you will readily see that the standard Coppertop are inferior to the Ultra type . The standard Duracell AAA batteries are model MN2400 whereas the Ultra are model number MX2400 .
 I ordered these Ultra batteries and received Coppertop batteries , so I returned them and asked for a replacement . Amazon shipped Copppertop again . I will return again . I had not read the other reviews because I have used Ultra batteries before and love them . They last much longer than the Coppertop . As I went to review these , I noted that other customers noted that the image for this product does indeed show Coppertop and not Ultra . So I have written Amazon to alert them to this error . In the meantime , do not order these batteries until Amazon has had a chance to correct this problem .
 While I did receive 8 AAA batteries , they were the standard `` Coppertop '' model and not the described/pictured `` Ultra '' model .
 I bought batteries to fill out the $ 25 minimum purchase required for free shipping . They came quickly , but at least one of them had no charge in it . Needless to say , the price was nothing special , so the product was disappointing . And believe me , it 's too much hassle to ship them back for a refund , so I confess I did n't even try .
 Today my home telephone , which is like a mobile in that it has caller display and a number directory etc. indicated that the back up batteries required replacement . I had fitted Duracell Ultra batteries to it . When I opened the battery cover one cell was severely corroded , as was one of the contact springs . the housing was also covered in fluid . Needless to say I shant be using their products again.Steve .
 Bought 2 of these devices.Both just went dead in 7 months ... Save your money and look elsewhere .
 I got this charger over a year ago . Took it on several of my trips . Couple of days ago I found the cover is a little loose , even though all the screws holding the covers were okay . Then I realized what had happened . The cheap plastic screw post were broken under the screws pressure over the year . If they used brass posts , it would never happen . Now the charger still works , but it is held together with wire tie because all four posts are broken .
 The charger unit or the batteries -LRB- or both -RRB- do n't work right
 I bought two of the Maxell megamax valuepak of AA alkaline batteries . At first I was happy with the price and performance . Now that they are getting near their expiration date , I am finding more and more of them leaking . I 'm talking about 25 % leaking ! One of the 4-packs is leaking while still sealed inside the original packaging . It seems like every time I go to change a battery , there 's a leaker , and a mess to be cleaned up . I use a dremel tool with a wire brush attachment to try to clean up . I use batteries in a lot of electronic devices and this is scaring me because there is no warrantee of any kind . In my view , this product is crap . If one device is ruined , what I thought I was saving will be lost many times over .
 These batteries are a big disappointment . Use four for my digital camera and were only good for 100 snapshots . Should have lasted for at lease 250 . All I got for my trouble is an `` I told you so '' from the wife , since I did not get Duracell 's .
 It did n't work . Absolutely no hairs would come up on the cloth . I tried it several times . Do n't buy it !!!!
 I have been using parissa body sugar for nearly 2 years ... when I ca n't find any online I make my own using a recipe from youtube -LRB- I find Parissa works better ... but the homemade is all natural and doubles as a taffy snack for the kids ... do n't worry , PRIOR to use as hair remover and separated ! -RRB- . I was excited to find this at Sallys Beauty supply -- Amazon had been out of stock of Parissa for awhile -LRB- prime eligible , anyway -RRB- . As another reviewer said , this does NOT adhere to hair OR strips . It DOES , however , stick to your skin . I did not overheat the wax -- in fact , when in cold form , this wax was still very fluid . With my other forms of sugar wax , residue is very easy to rinse off skin with warm water . This took HOT water and scrubbing with exfoliation -- Perhaps because NONE of it came off with the strips . Waste of money and time . I am very disappointed with this product .
 This was a piece of crap . I 've used another product before and everything was fine but picked this up at a local store hoping it could do a good job since I did n't want to wait for a shipment . Before usage , when I had warmed up the wax , I noticed it had this weird looking texture and consistency -LRB- proven when stirred -RRB- which is dissimilar from waxes or sugaring pastes I 've seen . Fyi , it kind of does an icicle thing instead of ooze down like waxes/sugaring pastes normally would.I tried to wax my underarms with this dang thing and :1 . The hairs did n't come off at all . The middle section failed to budge -LRB- somehow it was able to do something on the top and bottom sections -RRB- . I was stubborn -LRB- and technically I know better to never wax an area more than once -RRB- but I kept trying and it continued to not budge , ultimately I think I ended up causing a vein to burst or something ... I do n't know .2 . the wax fails to come off clean upon attempting to pull off hairs . It can be removed with a damp cloth or some water afterwards .3 . I spent way too long attempting to get rid of something that should have taken ten minutes , the most ... This was frustrating and now I 'm mad.Product rating
 I have used many sugar-based hair removal products . This is the only one I have used that does not adhere to hair or to the linen removal strips . After trying to use it twice , I am throwing it away unused . Look elsewhere for sugar-based hair removal products for home use .
 WARNING ... Do n't buy Maxell batteries . Opened a sealed 10 pack Alkaline AAA pack 6 months after Amazon purchase.All dead or near dead . Their Exp.date 05-2013 . DEAD 2.5 years BEFORE expiration date!Glad I did n't need these Maxell batts in an EMERGENCY . Maxell LR03 10BP . Luckily I had some much older Duracells AAA for the new LED flashlights I bought.NYC Electronics via Amazon Fulfillment
 I ordered two packs of 10 Maxell AAA batteries each , sold by NYC Electronics and fulfilled by Amazon . The batteries arrived OK inside unopened plastic/carded packages as shown . All of the batteries had the same date stamp of 05-2013 . However , several of the batteries were completely dead , as demonstrated by my calculator and a simple battery tester that has proven reliable in the past.Specifically , 3 out of the first 10 were dead , and 5 out of the second 10 were dead . The remaining batteries all appear to have a full charge , so I got 8 bad and 12 good batteries out of 20 . Not what you expect ! I 've NEVER bought new batteries and found dead ones before.Thankfully , Amazon made it easy to return them for a full refund .
 Energizer and Duracell batteries have lasted so much longer than these . I think these are probably old stock or something , but they ran out in a flash . Would n't be buying these again .
 Ordered these Maxell AAA batteries . Only wanted to 4 to power my Logitech harmony remote . Could n't even find 4 out of the 10 that had enough juice to power my remote .
 Waste of money . Out of 10 batteries , 4 tested below 1 volt . Might as well just buy named brand batteries .
 I bought these batteries on what was writen on their packaging . It was not true to what was said . These batteries died after only 25 minutes in my digital camera . And a set of Duracell Ultras , that are not rechargeable , lasted longer . Do not always believe what you read . Make sure you have the ability to return items . And is with this case , they went back . I went with a set of energizers . And they last much longer , with the power being the smae as these 1800mah monster brand .
 Duracell AA batteries have a tendency corrode before the expiration date . I have not experienced this issue with other Duracell sizes . I do not recommend using Duracell AA in any emergency communications or lighting gear .
 I ordered 2 12 pack resealable AA battery packs . I received 4 , 6 pack blister packs . I got no notification of a product alteration . The batteries are fine , the expiration dates are 2012 , but I have to deal w / 4 packs instead of 2 neat sealable containers . Petty , I know , but I wanted what I ordered ...
 Probably part my fault but disappointed that only lotion came with product . Picture leads you to believe you are also getting the uv light . Bought product to do an experiment with my class and now I have to spend more money on light to make it work . Before you buy , make sure you read the description & do n't go by picture only !!
 i went into a chinese grocery store , they charge the same product for $ 15 a bottle , while this vendor charged me $ 50 a bottle .
 Even at the highest light setting , this is still way too dim . And with 5 1/4 '' diameter mirror , this is just way too small . Not to mention that every time you touch it to move it or adjust it , it activates the `` touch '' controls and turns the light off . I 'm returning this immediately .
 I admittedly did not buy this in an effort to occasionally drip cayenne on something to add flavor , I actually wanted it for effect . I wanted it to add heat or bite to food in a way that regular hot sauce did n't . This product does not do that.In fact , with the quality of the product in mind , this product appears to have no purpose . I can find any hot sauce for the same price or less than the cost of this bottle that provides more cayenne per drop than the contents of this . The alcohol does not stop the cayenne from being hot , the alcohol mixes with the cayenne oils and makes direct ingestion of this disgusting . The cayenne content in the liquid is so small as to be able to take a single cayenne pill and get more out of it . Putting it on food to create bite alters the taste of the food significantly and not in a good way , and does n't even give bite.Taking into account all aspects of this product , I do n't understand what it is for.Save your money .
 Tried to return but vendor told me how it was against the law to return . Product was not reliable on consistence basis .
 I ordered the 3.5 oz can and it was the `` Original '' scent ... fine . The six-pack of .8 oz , cans turned out to be separate , individually packaged `` car sanitizers '' , not looking like the original blue and grey cans and having a sticky vanilla scent . I 'm not happy with having to deal with another bait-and-switch situation with Amazon .
 Ugh , these are awful . They work for your allergies , but the taste is just indescribably disgusting . It also makes your tongue numb . I recommend sticking with the pills .
 Beware that the ingredients for this product have recently changed and they added sodium benzoate , which can become carcinogenic when mixed with Vit C -LRB- it converts to Benzene -RRB- . Since most of us take Vit C in some form or another -LRB- think fruits , juices , etc -RRB- , do not take this warning lightly!Note that Coke recently removed this same ingredient , although they 'll never admit it was because of this.For more information , please research in Google what Sodium Benzoate is and how it can become harmful.Do not buy this product , read the ingredients and demand a clean product .
 As a scientist , I can assure you that there is no biological basis for the claims the manufacturer makes about this product 's effectiveness . Plain and simply , this is snake oil . While there may be some nutritional benefits -LRB- or perhaps not -- see the possible carcinogen warning -RRB- , it is simply not possible for the product to promote `` oxygenation '' of the blood . Any perceived effect is likely to be a placebo effect , and you are better off not wasting your money on this hoax .
 I have not yet finished the bottle of this product . Thus far , I see little if no difference in the way in which it has made me feel . I was hoping for a little increase in energy with this product , but this has not been the case . When I mix the product with water , it makes the water taste funny . Not awful , but not pleasent either.If I do begin to notice a difference in this product I will write another email.Truthfully , Karen Romero
 ORDERS WO N'T ARRIVE ... BUT YOU STILL BE CHARGED ... I paid EXTRA for this product to get it fast -LRB- er -RRB- . It was supposed to arrive by March 3rd . Today is March 16th and I still do n't have the product or any response from the seller.If you really want this product , DO N'T get it from New Life Vitamins .
 Followed directions . No results that I could notice . Could be that it might work for someone with different metabiolislm as we are all unique .
 i was hoping for some health benefits and stuck with it for a while , but i did n't notice anything . several seemed to think it was a miracle , but not for me .
 I ordered two boxes of Threelac -LRB- 60 pack -RRB- plus GHT Oxygen Elements -LRB- 1 oz . -RRB- . I took 1 packet/day for 1 week and then 2 packets/day until completion . I added the max . dose of the GHT Oxygen Elements each time.I noticed no discernible difference in my health , although I have to admit that I have more issues I 'm dealing with than just a high yeast count . Personally , I did not experience any issues with stomach cramps etc , as others have suggested and I would not consider my stomach to be among the stronger ones -LRB- perhaps beginning slowly with 1 pack the first week helped -RRB- . Overall I can not recommend nor discount the possible benefits of the two products , but regarding GHT Oxygen Elements specifically I highly doubt it has any real benefit at all - I would skip this addition .
 I suffer from Systemic Candida.The Oxyden Elements Max did nothing good for me.It 's disappointing because this product is so EXPENSIVE .0 stars
 I had trouble with this giving me heartburn . -LRB- I finished the bottle . -RRB- I also did n't notice that it did anything for me , other than give me heartburn . : P
 I 'm sorry , maybe it 's in my genetics , but I have always had really stinky feet , and that 's never changed , plus it never bothered me . I decided to order this to see if it would give m any results , and guess what ? it made my feet smell even worse !!? lol , I would much rather have the natural , sweaty smell of my feet ... then this stinky smell , If it worked for others , then great.But me , I 'll stay away from this stinky feet spray .
 Bought these because I had a good experience with 5-HTP -LRB- it was with a different brand but they were out of stock for a few months -RRB- , but I guess it must have been the placebo effect because after trying a few times , these did n't do anything but give me a headache and stomach issues the next morning .
 Purchased this product as an alternative to the sleep & depression pills based on very favorable review of the product . After taking this at night it felt like my heart was going to pound through my chest . I chalked this upto my body getting used to the product , so i tried it an additional 3 days and each day was the same . My feeling is that the dosage -LRB- mg -RRB- might be to high or the product is not effective , but either way will not be purchasing . Will try Jarrow brand 5-htp instead .
 I have heard many great things that 5-HTP will do for a person . However , my boyfriend and I both were nauseated all day whenever we take it . With a meal , at night , any way we tried . Please review side effects of this product and use with caution . I know it works wonders for many people , unfortunately I am not one of them . Good luck !
 I bought the Air Therapy Key Lime scent because I wanted a natural spray that did NOT remind me of a gym bathroom like most of the Orange-heavy scents do . I figured the Key Lime would be fresher , more tart , more...LIME-y . Instead , I pretty much got orange with a teensy smidge of lime . I do like the fact that it is not a chemical filled aerosol can , but it is not what I was looking for . If you do n't mind scents heavyheavyheavy on the orange oil , go for this one .
 I am about 80 % done with the bottle . I have been taking 4-6 tabs a day as directed . I measure my pH daily , morning and evening . I also try to follow a program of eating alkaline producing foods . The challenge is to get the morning pH up to at least 6.5 . I am still having difficulty seeing pH above 5 or 5.5 in the morning.I 'll finish off the bottle and may update this review but for the moment I am not satisfied . I do n't think it is a VAXA problem specifically , as I have tried another brand with no results . It is hard to say whether the whole concept of trying to become more alkaline is not soundly based , or the means to do it are faulty.Update on Nov 16 ... I finished the first bottle and have no further recommendation . It is hard to imagine how a small amount of powder can defeat all the acid in a stomach .
 Not at all happy with this purchase , I ca n't honestly say it did anything , this was money I could have used on something else : -LRB-
 first it took forever to get and then the vitamin capsules at least so far i found 4 empty capsules , maybe they broke inside the bottle , think because there is some powder on the other capsules that come out . that is not acceptable .
 I gave up after waiting a month to receive product , long after expected receive date . I would n't have ordered it if was listed as ` backordered ' . Poor communication by mfg.
 May fit a very small person if they hold there breath and yank real hard and fast . It is very loud . Can be heard across the room . Wear it out , yea right if you want people to point and laugh .
 This would be a great product if they could figure a way to make the darn thing so it was n't so loud . Ca n't be used in a public place unless it 's a rock concert .
 its too loud ... . you could hear it over our convorsation at the dinner table.If they could fix the problem of it being so loud , then I would recommend this product .
 Where do I start ? To say it 's VERY loud is an understatement , it could wake up the neighbours ! Unless you 're somewhere VERY loud -LRB- ie ; A GWAR concert -RRB- it 's completely useless . The range is about 6 ' , not 12 ' . I might as well have just thrown my money in the garbage .
 This was not the first of these remote controlled vibrators my wife and I purchased , but it by * far * the loudest . Never even used it , because it was just too loud even for a loud room like a club or restaurant . Very disappointed , even more so because even though it was never used it is non-returnable . Avoid this product unless you only intend to use it in private in your own home . And , let 's face it , if that 's what you wanted to use it for , you would n't need a wireless remote control .
 I love Amazon but this was a bad buy . Quality was poor . One speed and the vibration sound was really , really loud . Too loud ... very disappointed because I loved the idea .
 I did n't like it at all , I feel that I wasted my money . I did n't even get to use the Panty itself alone because it did n't fit me even my size is medium only.I did n't get any benefit out of it , but I lost my money because it went for waste .
 I was very disappointed with this product . I was unable to try it because of the panty size , extra extra small . One size does not fit all . This product should come in different sizes for different body types .
 like everyone say it run small , and it too loud , so the only way you gone to like it if you size 1 or 2 an gone to hold you close , there a no return policy that not state so you may want to just look on adam eve
 I thought it had an adjustable speed , it did not . The vibrating component was very very loud . Not discreet at all !
 After reading the product description , and once receiving the product , I 'd say it really was n't what I expected . The underwear are sized xx-small I 'm guessing because they did n't fit . And I wear a size S . The vibrator it 's self though can fit in any type of women 's underwear , you just have to slide it in . The battery on the remote was easy to put in but I had to use pliers to adjust the coils so it 'd work . One last thing the vibrations are not discreet at all , if you planned on using this in public I suggest you should n't . It 's extremely loud sounds like a 18 wheeler using its Jake Brakes on a hill if you even cross your legs to muffle the sound . Very embarrassing .
 To loud , they also did not come with a battery for the panties !! They are very disappointing !!! Will not buy again !!
 One size fits all ? I 'm a size 6-8 and these did not fit . They went around my hips but barely fit front to back - both cracks showed . The pocket that the vibrating piece fits in actually hits by rear area not my cl **** us in front - not very stimulating back there . And the vibrator is really loud - not very discreet in public -LRB- unless it 's a loud bar -RRB- .
 Do not get this product it was loud not effective and a huge waste of money . I wouldnt recommend this to anybody , just twerrible
 Quality and sizing of product is not up to acceptable expectation , either is the customer service of the third party merchant . Do not waste your time or money .
 Soooo disappointed in this product . Was n't able to use it at all . Firstly , I am a size 10 . The underwear are for a size 4 . Could n't even get them over the hips . Secondly , it was VERY loud . Not at all subtle or demure . One would n't be able to be in public or even behind a closed door without others obviously hearing it . Unfortunately , this item has no return policy . I can understand the underwear part of that but the company should at least offer a prorated return on the electronice device . Will never order another Berman Center product again . Too bad because I like Dr. Berman 's website for it 's info . I 'm suckered out of $ 45.00 Berman Center Astrea Remote Vibrating Thong
 This item only fits very small people , size 1-2 . Wife is a size 6 and would not fit over knees .
 Only worked intermitantly , Very low power when it did work , Remote had to be close , Panties did n't fit . I was angry enough I threw it away . Do n't buy . Terrible product .
 These are a novelty item . A gag gift . The panties are very cheaply made and definately not meant to be worn by a grown woman . Trust me , if there is a size smaller than small , this is it . Do n't throw away your money unless you know these are just for fun and you are just looking for a few laughs .
 I bought this knowing that the vibration falls down way to low . According to my gf , it goes near the butthole . It was an intimate present but turn into a gag gift . It was fun when we first turn it on , she was laughing and jumping around so much that it was still worth it . I wish they would make the pouch all the way up near the underwear band and have certain area velcro so my gf have more control on where to put the device . It needs to be higher in the front .
 Was not the same experience as in the movie `` the ugly truth '' at all . the vibrator is very loud , and i had to wiggle to a good position just to feel it . the vibrator itself is rather big . waste of my money .
 My husband bought me these to have fun with . Sadly put them together ... . what happens it doesnt work . Try new batts maybe thats the problem nope !!! It just doesnt work so just going to throw them out and say the hell with it and go to a store and buy real ones that will actually fit . DO NOT BUY , go to the store yourself and pick some working ones up .
 Although a nice novelty gift - Amazon does not allow it to be returned EVEN UNOPENED . Does not say anywhere on order page . Do n't buy this here !!!
 The panties are one size fits most ... if you consider most women to be size 2-4 . I am not that big and these were WAY small on me .
 This item is advertised as one size fits most . I am a size 8 woman and the panty is much too small .
 Ordered this for my wife while im deployed . she received the package and the battery does n't fit the remote . There is no way to return the item , so unless the company just feels like sending a new remote i am giving them a 1 star .
 Its to loud the wrong shape its a joke as if I could take this out get real very sad
 The product did not meet my expectations.The vibrator is very noisy and had one setting ... It will make a rather expensive gag gift ...
 Bought for my wife as a gift.got it and was like , here you go babe.What a bad idea !!! Says fits most sizes.COMPLETELY WRONG !!!! my wife is an average size 6 . They belong on someone 4-3 or less.This has to be the worst thing EVER bought on amazon.makes me think im goin back to ebay.Least i can get an exchange or refund if product is not correct .
 Do n't waste your money , even as a novelty this thing sucks , if it took more then 5cents to make this item i would be surprised .
 These panties are comfortable and they vibe works good , however it 's very very loud , like and old school Nextel on vibrate , I am looking go modify it with duck tape , I think the poor design allows the battery to rattle around and the ability to compress it together should take some of that away
 The battery for the remote control was missing . This is an A23 12V battery . Not something I would just have laying around the house . The panties said stretch to fit . Sorry , it did not stretch enough . No returns and no way to leave a comment about the missing battery other than this review .
 Please send me a new one . This product did not work at all . Not good . Just want a new one , but there is no way to return it according to Amazon rules .
 My boyfriend and I bought this product expecting a fun time . I am an average woman - size 8 - and the briefs do not fit . The vibrator pocket is at my butt when the panties are situated so the vibrator does not stimulate the right part of anatomy . The vibrator is LOUD and can be heard in a room with moderate noise level . The vibrator delays in response to the remote switching `` off . `` Overall , I say the cost outweighs the benefit . I 'll be looking for a different pair of panties that have a pocket for the vibrator -LRB- and if I ca n't find one , I 'll stitch a pair myself ! -RRB- . Even then , this can only be used in a very loud environment .
 I bought this for my wife and it is way too small . She 's not that big , but then again , neither is this product.Only for skinny ladies , not for normal ones .
 Product was too inexpensive when compared to competitor products -LRB- nice for a novelty item -RRB- . It 's a fun idea but the vibrator does not stay up in the area where you would like it to be . Probably the biggest disappointment associated with the product is the size of the panties . They were too small and wife was unable to wear them or use them . We wasted money on this product .
 This is a cheap knock off of a real romote vib panty . Vibrator 's pouch is at the vag opening , not near the clit . Dr B , it 's a rip off . Do not waste your money . Panty is big enough for a pre pub girl . Cheaply made too
 These panties did not have a size selection . They are XS/S and they have very little stretch . If you are anything more than a size 6/8 do not order these . They can not be reurned . I am very disappointed .
 not the best for the price you pay . panties are a small . not one size fits all . vibrating bullet is bulky and not as quiet as you would like.honestly , its would be cheaper to go to victorias secret , getting a pair of lacie panties , go to spencers or a sex shop , buy a bullet , and call it a day .
 The item I received never worked . I called and Amazon.com sent me a replacement item which did not work for even a second either . No one should buy this product . The product is not worth even a dollar .
 wife says nice quality except for how noisy the vibrator is -- makes for difficulty in being discrete , and the vibrator is in the wrong place -- figured it should be up front , but is actually in between the front and back -- am going to return this to manufacturer -- not happy
 This product only took a few seconds to SEND IT BACK . The handle is heavy and bulky . The attached cord is heavy . This combination makes it almost impossible to use at certain angles without it being too uncomfortable . The handle shakes when the power is on making your hand vibrate as well . A very bad design . I requested a refund by Chair Envy and had to submit a description for the return . After they approved my return , I spent $ 15 on shipping and confirmation then Chair Envy refunded $ 37 of the $ 45.95 that I originally paid , waiving the restocking fees for me . After their receipt was confirmed , my return request was closed with no notification of a refund . I submitted an email to Amazon -LRB- which by the way , Amazon , has one of the best customer service centers I 've experienced -RRB- . Not happy at all with the product . UPDATE
 When I first got it , I was so excited !! My boyfriend loved it , and I thought it would be really great - but then we started finding the problems . First of all , the pouch in the panties is way too low for clitoral stimulation , so I put the vibrator into a different pair of panties instead . Second , the vibration was WAY too loud . Luckily we went out to a pretty crowded restaurant that night , but anywhere else , someone would definately be able to hear it ! ... We did n't use it for a few weeks , and then when we got it out again , the stupid thing wouldnt work ! We changed the batteries in both pieces , but it STILL does n't work . We only got one use out of it ... And it did n't come with a warenty . I would not buy this product again .
 Well . The insert is large , big enough for two AAA batteries and some to spare . It 's also loud . As in , I could be standing accross the room and easily hear it . Also ? The pocket placement on the panty is . . well whose anatomy is directed like that ? Overall very disappointed . I suppose used traditionally the cordless aspect will come in handy , but for it 's intended purpose this purchase was a waste . Even the loud hustle and bustle of Vegas ca n't drown out the sound , you ca n't possibly sit because of the size , but you would n't want to anyway because the location of the vibe is such that the whole panty is pointless anyway . Needless to say , 5 minutes into our `` fun sexy '' vacation this useless appliance was tossed back into the suitcase .
 This product has to be worn , with the closely following logic that it is worn someplace outside the bedroom , outside the house , y' know , in public . If you 're vibrating away in the privacy of your bedroom , behind the tightly locked doors in your own safe and secure home , then you do n't need the thong , do n't need the remote control , and do n't need up to 12 feet of separation between the control device and the vibrating element . So , to complete the thought loop here
 I bought this product at a love stuff store for my anniversary thinking it would be a great way to spice up the evening . I paid $ 90 for it . It is the worst thing I have ever bought ! First of all , the `` one size fits most '' is only accurate if you are a small person . Second , the placement of the vibrator is very inaccurate , think further back from where you would want it . The vibrator is very big and uncomfortable and not shaped very well for where it should be placed . The remote only has an on and off switch , no multiple speeds . Bottom line is I do not recommend this product .
 I was thrilled when this package arrived on my door step . Then shortly disappointed when my boyfriend and I tried it out for playtime and it was n't pleasurable . We just ended up laughing at the loud sound of the vibrations coming from the panties I was wearing . Pretty panties , but not pleasing . Just for laughs . Not worth the $ 40 .
 I just received my package today . I was so excited despite the negative reviews . I read most of the reviews about the panties being cut extremely small but I figured you 're really paying for the gadget not the panties . I decided to go ahead and buy it because the vibrator was removeable and I could just slip it into any pair of my own panties . Needless to say , the panties were extremely small and cheaply made , just as I was warned . I tried the vibrator out in a pair of my own panties and I have three major complaints
 It says they are stretch lace and one size fits all . Whoever wears these must be pretty small , they are not very forgiving in size . And I had read that the pocket for the vibrator was not in the right spot to be truley effective . I would agree , it 's not even close to being where it should . I may just sew a pocket `` in the right place '' onto a pair of panties I have to see if that will work . All in all a little disappointed with these .
 I was looking forward to receiving this item and thought it would be great . It is terrible - no power to it - very frustrating - useless
 This product was a one size fits all . I wear a size 2 and the thongs were too tight for me so I put the unit in my thongs . It is just a vibration that really is not that stimulating . If it had settings for intensity , it might be better .
 every size doesnt fit all , and the panites that it come with it . is to small for the bullet to fit into
 i have sent this item overseas to a freind as a gift , however , my freind called me and told me that the viprator is not working . i lost money buying this product from you and additional money to send it overseas . i wish i have the item with me to send it back to you and get my money back . but i do not want to spend more money to get it shipped back to me again.will you do something to rectify this mistake and send me another one which works !
 I bought this product because I wanted to play with my girlfriend in public . I want to turn this on when we 're riding the bus , the taxi , when watching a movie , at park , anywhere . If that 's what you want then do n't bother ordering this . You 'll be disappointed by how loud it really is when turned on . `` Discreet '' my ass.Better buy something else because you 'll only burn money with this one . Better buy the Hitachi massage wand . It 's the same price and with the same purpose but better performance .
 Not suitable for use anywhere but the bedroom , which kind of defeats the point . This is the fourth version of these my wife and I have owned -LRB- similar product but different manufacturer -RRB- , and the first one which was completely unusable . TOO LOUD !!! All others have been audible in quiet areas -LRB- such as an elevator -RRB- but in public areas like restaurants have been completely discreet . This one could be heard three rooms away when it was first turned on . Unreturnable , so it was tossed in the trash . Unless you only intend to use it in your own home , and you do n't have any kids , avoid this .
 I read that these run small so I purchased an XL . I normaly wear a Med . but even the XL was tight . The lace is cheep and itchy . The vibrating mechanism does n't stay in the pocket built into the underwear . If you are very small and do n't mind itchy you may like this .
 When ordering this product , it stated `` one size fits most '' . This statements needs to be revised , I 'm a size 10 , the panties are sized for ladies who are a 3 or 4 in size . I suggest manufacture restate their statement , perhaps create several sizing brackets , but they did n't NOT FIT and I consider a waste of my time and money !! I would not recommend them to any of my friends .
 This is by far my biggest purchase regret on amazon . This is a horrible product . The vibration is so LOUD you would NEVER be able to take it in public . The vibration is n't even all that great . You would be better off with an electric toothbrush . Not to mention the thong it comes with would only fit you if you are a size zero . I would never recommended this product to a friend ! I hate it . I wish I could ask for my money back .
 DEFINITELY NOT DISCREET OR SILENT . Once turned on , it vibrates nonstop . Definitely a waste of money . There are better options in the market that offer different patterns of stimulation and are not as noisy as this .
 I 've taken ginseng before , and I thought it was doing something for me . It gave me a sensation of warmth like you would get from a good workout and I guess gave me a little bit of energy . These pills , however , do nothing for me at all . Placebo effect ? Probably . Working for me this time around ? No.Giving it 2 stars because at least it did n't do something negative to my health .
 These pills are shaped like little footballs and they turned out too be to big for me to swallow . Needless to say it 's a disappointment that I ca n't use them .
 I received tablets instead of capsules . I wanted capsules which are easier to swallow than tablets but that is not what I received .
 Item did n't ship for several weeks and it took even longer -LRB- without a tracking number -RRB- for it to get here . Item arrived in a brown envelop that was too small and the product was BENT by the manufacturer to fit it in and close the envelope . The thing snapped in half after I took it out of the envelope . Piece of junk .
 I was so excited to see that they had a Coconut one and could n't wait to try it . It was bland and it just did n't taste fresh . I wo n't be purchasing again .
 Like other CLIF bars , they taste ok at first and then have a weird aftertaste like you ate something too rich , too filling . Then they sit in your stomach like a rock . I realize they 're trying to make their bars more like granola cookies , but you ca n't have it both ways . Besides I do n't know if these bars work because they are so rich , they 're too granolaly .
 I ordered 3 boxes from this company -LRB- DAB Nutrition -RRB- . I opened the box to find that they were scattered all over the box . The sender did not put any packaging tape , nor airbags , nor paper around the boxes of the bars ; the bars became smashed and deformed throughout the transit.Buyers beware and find another vendor who actually cares about there customers .
 We 've tried lots of Clif Bar flavors ; this is my least favorite . My hubby liked them fine , but I think the blueberry flavor is fake-tasting & overpowering . I ca n't imagine ClifBar actually uses artificial flavoring , it 's probably just dried blueberries which are more intense . But , it 's too sweet for me . I much prefer their Carrot Cake and Maple Nut flavors .
 I bought some of these and was surprised to find out how much sugar they have
 I have bought this product before , and there used to be at least two white chocolate chips per bite . I think there were two in the whole bar this time . Maybe it was a skimpy batch , but i would not buy a case again .
 Its hard to stomach bc its just like eating a full cup of cookie dough . I would not recommend these even though , strange enough , I DO LOVE cookie DOUGH even better than when the cookies are baked ... theres just something different about it ... like ... for instance me , I 'm trying to lose weight I was thinking of using these as breakfast bars 2 times a week , but it just feels like ... ok I 'm eating healthy ... ` and then ' ... i pop this in my mouth and its mega sweet and just tastes like batter , lol . Everyone likes them ... I mean they 're not bad or disgusting ... I am able to finish off one bar ... I was just hoping it would be more like a ` bread ' - granola bar ... instead of a clump of batter . Thats really the only way I can explain it . I would say go with the VARIETY PACK ... this way you can try a few of each , and then stock up on your favorite = -RRB-
 It didnt make any difference . Save your money ; The cheaper colon cleanse works much better .
 I checked the evidence that homeopathy can cure parasitic infestations . There is none . No evidence whatsoever.All this product is , is sugar pills.Don ' t waste your money .
 I 've had Wood Betony from several different companies in the past , and know what results should be . The product you had sent to me seems to be a placebo , and I would not again order this product from them . Actually , I thought you yourself might have a supply on hand , which is why I ordered from you.It 's interesting that I have received a good shipment from Natures Sunshine in the past -LRB- different lot # -RRB- , but they have changed something with their Wood Betony product , evidently .
 I gave this one star because I have not ordered it yet . I needed more info before making a purchase decision -- Amazon seems to be slacking in this area on a lot of their listings lately . I was not interrested in purchasing a battery operated backrest.I found this product info on another website that may be helpful to others evaluating this product for purchase
 Made of the cheapist material ... No way to heat bottom of feet ... May at the best be worth $ 5 . oo , certainly not $ 60.00 ... Returned & waiting on my refund now
 My wife got this for me because my feet are always cold . It is basically a $ 7.99 heating pad you can get from any drug store shaped for your feet . There is no lining and they do not feel good on bare feet . We are returning it .
 I have found wonderful products on-line . This is not one of those times . I would call this chew `` Chalk Flavor '' and not `` Chocolate Flavor '' . I was completely disappointed in the taste . I 'm not sure if the product actually does what it is supposed to do because I finally threw the bottle out . I tried it 3 different times with the taste getting worse each time . Buyer beware .
 I thought these would be so good - they are marketed so well . I really did n't like them -LRB- not to say somebody else would n't love them - it 's a matter of personal taste -RRB- . The texture was chalky and had a weird chewy feel . I ate 3 of them and threw the rest in the trash . That 's how much I did n't like them.The idea of being able to just pop a couple of `` chews '' and get more fiber is a great concept . Too bad they did n't taste good to me .
 I too thought they would taste good . They are , to put it as politely as I can , disgusting . It took everything I had to finish just one !
 Ok , knew these were not going to be the greatest . Talking about fiber here . I purchased the chocolate , thinking it would help . Well not really . They left a really weird after taste and really hard to choke down . I tried eating one at a time and drink a lot of water to rinse my mouth out before I ate the other . Than I tried eating two at the same time just to get it over with ... bad idea . It got to the point that just looking at them turned my stomach . Wo n't be buying these again . I will try the sprinkle fiber , that way it will be mixed in with my food and easier to eat . Not going to give it a one star because it is fiber and a good way to get more in your diet . However , not more than two stars just because for me they were hard to choke down .
 I got this product after using BSN No-Explode only because someone who had never used it wanted me to get it , to try it out . I have to say there is no reason to buy this product . For me it loses badly on three areas . It doesnt dissolve in water . It gets all clumpy and nasty . This not only makes mixing it more difficult , the effects take longer to kick in . -LRB- The BSN disolves almost like alka-seltzer -RRB- . Taste is awful I got the rasberry lemonade . Some people say taste isnt important but if you have to drink the stuff almost everyday and they can taste good why not ? The BSN orange taste great and I dont even like orange drinks . Now most important is the pump which again fails for me . The BSN came faster , stronger and lasted for the workout . Great Pump . I called Gaspari and while they were nice and helpful they would not guarantee the product so now I am stuck with it . My advice Buy BSN NO-Explode
 When I recieved the product , it was half empty and I wish these companies can fill the jugs to the top with their product . First time I tried it I really noticed the effects . I could n't wait to get to the gym -LRB- energy -RRB- , I knew what I wanted to do and how I was going to do it -LRB- focus -RRB- and I was a bit jittery while headed to the gym -LRB- first time user side effect . After the first time , I hardly felt the superpump there and I had increased the doseage from one scoop to 2 . Perhaps my body already got used to it . This is my first and last jug .
 I have no idea about the product , was expecting it at a promised date , and it took too much time to arrive , after emails to Amazon , and to the external supplier ... one looses the desire to use it if it does not arrive in the time one has planned to start the whole diet and supplement routine .
 What is going on here !! I just took 2 scoops and I 'm falling asleep . I know people develop a tolerance , but this is ridiculous . I 'm wondering if there is any trace of superpump I used to take in this product I got . Is this a new formula or did somebody sell me trash ? Remember the stomach problems ? Nope , not there any more . Not that I miss them , but to me it is just an additional proof that something major has changed I just do n't know what it is . I will not buy this product again , beware of the seller !!!
 The title of my review says it all . Besides the first 2 or 3 times I used this stuff I hardly felt any different after taking it . I was not taking it every day for weeks -LRB- I weight train 3 to 4 days a week and alternate with cardio days -RRB- so I did n't expect the effects to diminish so quickly . I did n't experience any big pumps as the product promises nor any fat loss . The taste of the Blue Raspberry was very tart . A 200mg caffeine pill does a lot more for me than this product .
 you are right.this product is worst i took it 3 times and i couldnt sleep till 4 am always going to bathroom upset stomach taste so bad .
 This was shipped to a friend and when it arrived it was open and he was not able to use the item I spend $ 40.00 for a box of nothing . So disappointed . My friend uses these all the time it would be nice to have a new one since it was a gift .
 I am using this product for the past 3 weeks and see minimal difference in the muscle size . I take it before my workout instead of coffee because this stuff is loaded with some stimulant which gives you the energy to lift ... there is no hangover from caffeine which is good . Muscles subjectively look the same ... no big pump noticed lol . I examnined the package again and I was amazed at the BOLD faced claims they make including `` instantly increase lean muscle mass '' The FDA doesnt monitor these companies and they can claim whatever they want . Dont be fooled by these quacks .
 When taking Superpump , I do not feel much pump o r extra energy when lifting . I have only been on it for about two week now , and I take about a scoop and a half or two scoops every time I work out . Maybe it is helping , but I ca n't tell . I would recommend Jackd anyday .
 For what was once one of the most affordable and best pre workouts on the market ! The price went from 29 dollar ; with free super savers shipping . The most expensive it ever used to be was $ 35 dollars ! Now it 's about 60 dollars and the most expensive one is 85 dollars ; that 's more than most people spend on groceries for the week ! The price is just down right criminal ! And , most of the people leaving good comments now are more than likely working for the company and you ca n't trust them .
 I bought this because of the many reviews I read comparing this to NO xplode . If you are buying this for the same reason think again , it does not taste nearly as good as NO xplode , it leaves a funky residue in your mixer bottles , and its a proprietary blend which means it does n't tell you the content amounts for any of the key ingredients -LRB- so its more than likely just fillers -RRB- . From an energy perspective it seems ok but not as good as NO xplode . I will not buy again .
 When I first took this product for the first week or so , I thought it was just awesome ! I am 36 and ... man ... Your body get 's used to the stimulants . . so you have to take two or three scoops to get the same effect as you did the first few times you took it . That is when I honestly felt my hearing begin to diminish . . my heart hurt ... That much stimulant is like going to a concert where the music is turned up way too high . Even if you think it 's NOT effecting you . . over time it will in a very real and bad way . My suggestion
 Well , I felt something of an energy boost the first couple times , but basically the feeling of drinking four cups of coffee . I did notice better pumps -LRB- simply due to NO , etc. . -RRB- , but I think my endurance and possibly strength was actually reduced . Really does n't do much good and I 'd stick with creatine/protein . Also , as some have commented , Super Dump is probably the more appropriate name ...
 Anyone other than me irritated that the price of this went up like $ 20 !?!?!? Will be looking for another supplement !
 So far this product has either not worked at all or took the color out of the fabric while leaving the stain in place . I have not tried it on something fresh so that may be part of the problem . I will use it again on a fresh stain . If that does n't work then out it goes .
 I ordered Didi 7 from this seller over 3 weeks ago and after 2 weeks , -LRB- had not received yet -RRB- I contacted them and got NO REPLY . I filed a claim with Amazon and they cancelled the order and I got my money back . On another note , I did some research on Didi 7 and it turns out , several years back , Didi 7 was created using a recipe they had stolen from a stain remover called `` OFF '' ! OFF can be found nearly everywhere in big grocery stores and big retailers for about half the price as on here . If I wanted a product from `` TV '' , I 'd buy it through my TV or better yet , wait a few months and get it at my local Walgreens !! Stay away from this so-called-company ...
 Product received without instructions for use of the spray bottle attachment.Problem was reported to provider , he made a telephone assurance that the missinginstructions would be provided.This has not happened ,
 I used this product many years ago and it was excellent . This `` new '' product did NOT take out ink or blood stains.I am not pleased with this overpriced product .
 This product has a horrible initial taste and an after-taste that lingers on and on . My wife and I were unable to finish even one bar .
 I received the bottle of Hoxsey Red Clover in an oversize package . It was wrapped in bubble wrap , not in a a box , I do n't remember if there was a security seal.It was cloudy and tasted wrong . I used it twice and returned it . I have not received notification that my money has been refunded , nor have I noticed the refund on my Credit Card Statement.Would never use this shipper again .
 I used this product one time , and it was great ! Then I tried to use it again and it wo n't turn on . Not sure if I did anything to cause this , but I do n't think so . Oh well .
 I could n't have had a worse choice for a scooter than the Buzzaround.If you are disabled and do n't have much strength in your legs and hands I advise you to forget about this scooter . Unfortunately all those sites that sell scooters do n't tell the truth and do n't post honest opinions of users , I know that because I sent in a negative review on this scooter to one of the major scooter suppliers and they did not post it.Putting this scooter together is nothing short of a nightmare even when someone else does it for you . The pieces have to be put down and once down , the fun begins .1 . It is a struggle to align and put the front and rear pieces together .2 . Putting the locking pin is major nightmare , it just does n't want to go in and you need a lot of strength to push it in .3 . Once that is done then you have to connect three battery electrical cables.Together with the battery cover , seat and tiller it is a 12 step process!the reverse process goes for disassembly with an added touch . Taking the plastic battery cover is very difficult , you need a screw driver or a key to separate it.FINAL NOTE
 I bought this scooter 3 years ago and the battery charger burned out . Factory customer serice was of no help and I can not find the charger anywhere on the web . It is an HP-1202B charger rated 24 volts and 1.8 amps with a strange wiring harness which has non-standard battery connecters.LET THE BUYER BEWARE !!!!!
 The product was delivered in good condition and in the time frame advertised . I tried it for several weeks following the directions but did not like the way it made me feel . It 's just not what I want/need .
 Waste of money . This product did nothing and was over $ 30 . If you like NO2 supplements look elsewhere . Too much money + no noticeable effects = Bad product
 I could n't have had a worse choice for a scooter than the Buzzaround.If you are disabled and do n't have much strength in your legs and hands I advise you to forget about this scooter . Unfortunately all those sites that sell scooters do n't tell the truth and do n't post honest opinions of users , I know that because I sent in a negative review on this scooter to one of the major scooter suppliers and they did not post it.Putting this scooter together is nothing short of a nightmare even when someone else does it for you . The pieces have to be put down and once down , the fun begins .1 . It is a struggle to align and put the front and rear pieces together .2 . Putting the locking pin is major nightmare , it just does n't want to go in and you need a lot of strength to push it in .3 . Once that is done then you have to connect three battery electrical cables.Together with the battery cover , seat and tiller it is a 12 step process!the reverse process goes for disassembly with an added touch . Taking the plastic battery cover is very difficult , you need a screw driver or a key to separate it.FINAL NOTE
 I bought this scooter 3 years ago and the battery charger burned out . Factory customer serice was of no help and I can not find the charger anywhere on the web . It is an HP-1202B charger rated 24 volts and 1.8 amps with a strange wiring harness which has non-standard battery connecters.LET THE BUYER BEWARE !!!!!
 I began a `` lifestyle '' change that included a sensible breakfast , sensible lunch , whatever I want for dinner -LRB- please note ; this does not mean being gluttonous -RRB- , and 1EZ Diet as a supplement . I 'd read enough about the product to know that results vary . However , I personally have not seen anything . I did not want to focus so much on actual lbs in terms of weightloss , my assessment is very much reliant on fitting comfortable into clothing that has grown tighter . After taking the supplement 3 weeks ... those close are still just as tight .
 I 'm a very healthy person that takes all kinds of vitamins and supplements , but after taking this product for a week -LRB- 2 a day -RRB- I had major stomach problems and diarrhea.Be aware
 This is definitely not a Citrasolve replacement.Not that it 's advertised as such , but that was what I was looking for.It 's degreasing properties are definitely lacking .
 I did not like the taste and for various reasons , this is not as good of a product than metamucil .
 Has anyone else been unable to read the directions on the back of the bottle ? At least on the container I have , the font is white on a yellow background and I ca n't make out the words . Should I apply and then leave it or rinse it out , or let it dry and vacuum it ? No idea . I think it probably works , but I would like to use it as directed .
 The product that arrived was `` Homeopathic '' meaning that it had virtually none of the remedy it professed to contain . It was not advertised as `` Homeopathic . '' Had it been , I would not have purchased it . It was totally ineffective in use . `` Hylands Homeopathic '' is a rip-off !
 This stuff does n't work . Gave my friend about 8 of these little pills and he did n't even throw up once . These pills ruined what could have been a great night .
 What a waste of my money ! I followed the instructions , had a proper diet and worked out without results . I gave it one star only because I HAD to give it at least 1 star to post this review .
 Ordered 2 of these , one for myself and one for a friend . Neither of us saw ANY affects from this pill . No decreased appetite at all . It was nothing more than a sugar pill if you ask me . Will not buy again .
 I `` ve been taking this product for two weeks and it has not make any diference . They say that it controls your appetite and give you more energy . Unitil now the only thing that I have get from it is an upset stomach and dizziness .
 This was a complete waste of money . This actually made me really depressed and suicidal . Just work out and eat right . I promise that will so much good to your body rather this drug .
 Why I give 1 star : - 1-2 hours after you taking it you 'll feel like you 're full , does n't want to eat . But after that you 'll be very hungry and end up eating too much . THe pill can only hold your craving shortly . - Did n't feel extra energy - 4 pills ; 3 to be taken in the morning and 1 in the evening . At many times I lost that 1 tiny evening pill or forgot about it . - they pack 4 pills in a plastic - it 's not practical . You 'll have to leave 1 evening pill in the plastic , but then you must tear the plastic carefully otherwise the last pill will be slipped out of it . When I remembered to take my last pill in the evening , I must digged in the box to find the slipped out pill.I clearly prefer 1 pill/day kind of supplement - it 's expensive - there 's a positive thing though
 This product is absolutely useless -- no results even when I followed their program religiously for over 2 months . Please do n't waste your money ! It seems that many diet pills -LRB- especially on amazon -RRB- have a select few positive reviews that are obviously fraudulent . I would n't say I tried `` every diet pill '' but I have some of the top rated ones and most are marginally effective at best . The ONLY thing that actually works is Lipodrene with 25mg of ephedrine -LRB- by the way , ephedrine is completely safe if you do n't abuse the product and stay within the recommended dosage -RRB- . The weight melted off so fast it was surreal . I could n't believe that something ACTUALLY worked . No one is paying me to say this -LRB- ha , I wish they did ! -RRB- but I just want to share the results with everybody -- Lipodrene makes you lose your appetite completely . I have to almost force myself to eat twice a day , and can make healthy choices in small portions 100 % of the time because you 're literally indifferent to all food . That is probably due to the hoodia in this pill . It also has caffeine that gives me lots of energy . And the ephedrine acts as a thermogenic compound that helps to burn fat . Oh ! One more thing about Lipodrene - if you ever decide to try it , please remember to drink LOTS of water - it helps with the weight loss and just makes your body feel great overall . I hope this review helps .
 It does n't sag down on my calf , but it wo n't stay up on my thigh either so it ends up bunching up around my knee . Have n't really had it long enough to make too many other judgements but my first impression is about a 2 1/2 star impression . Take it or leave it . I 'm sure there are better products out there.I 've actually returned this item as the bunching up at the knee became more trouble than it was worth . Additionally , the mesh panel located behind the knee was uncomfortable and a huge irritation .
 I should have listened to the other reviewers . This was much too large and even if it was n't I doubt it would have stayed in place . I do n't even know where it is right now , a waste of money .
 I followed the measurements and it is too large . . I tried to wear it but it kept falling down and defeats the purpose of why I purchased it ... for support .
 I do not like the above product . There is no taste of Mangosteen Fruits at all . When I read the label I thought it was real MangosteenProduct .
 I compared this mangosteen to the same brand I bought at a health food store and found this one was watered down and almost tasteless and much thinner consistancy . I would not buy from this seller again .
 I bought this several months ago at a box store to take the pills off my knits . It 's almost ineffective , even going over the area multiple times , very slowly . I tried multiple angles , different pressures , and just ca n't find a way to make it do much of anything . It was pretty pricey , compared to other battery-operated fabric shavers , and I wish I 'd have saved my money .
 This item is garbage . Save your money and put it toward an electric one . The only reason I bought this particular one was because I read a glowing review on it . Unfortunately , it was 100 % false . The collection container does not stay on . I had to secure it with a rubber band for it to work . The lint removal is tediously slow . Took an hour to do one sweater -LRB- was n't even that fuzzy -RRB- . Chewed up the battery on the one item .
 Do not waste your time reviewing this product or money.No neck is as thick as the product expects it to be ! With a massager you want something that snuggles.No aesthetic appeal.No power or functionality to impress.I am very disappointed I gave this as a gift to someone who loves massages .
 simply put , this product is a prime example of `` you get what you pay for `` BAD1.It does n't heat up enough to be noticeable2.The sleeve were the ice pack go 's , is so thick you can barely feel the cold .3 . the vibration gets annoying after a wile.GOOD1.it is a comfortable shape .2 . fits comfortably around neck.to sum it up : if you want a product thats going to ACTUALLY help your neck/back feel relaxed , look else ware.if you want a comfortable neck apparatus , then you may be in luck .
 WORKED FOR 5 MINUTES , THEN BROKE . You could hear the motor still going , but the vibrating stopped as if something came loose . Unless you wanted to tear the foam apart and destroy it , you can not get inside it to try to repair it . Hardly worth driving 25 miles back to the store to return it . I guess this is all we have to look forward to with everything nowdays being made by slave labor in China . Must be near pure profit for `` Con `` air .
 These latex-free resistive bands are good for those of us allergic to latex . But I did n't know which level of stretchiness would be right for me , so I started with level 1 . The bands were tough and stood up well to use , even when closed into a door hinge for leg exercises . But in a couple of weeks I realized that level 1 was too easy to stretch and did not give me enough resistance , so I ordered level 3 , which suits me very well .
 Within 2 minutes my clothes went from `` color run '' to `` colorless '' ! My Khaki pants turned light pink , blue/light blue shirt to violet & brown . Took stain and almost all color completely out of clothes . Probably works good for whites . Overall - SUCKS !!!
 This product no only took the color run out - it took the color totally out of the clothes . Light blue shirt turned white medium blue shirt turned gray . Will never use again .
 I tried this product on several items that had been stained brown by a rogue brown item in a white wash load . They were of a variety of fabrics , -LRB- cotton and cotton-polyester blends -RRB- and a variety of colours -LRB- white , white with coral embroidered accents , off white , off white with coloured printed graphics etc -RRB- . When I soaked them in this product , they all turned a vile pinkish colour instead of the vile brown , and all of the coloured accents and embroidery were faded beyond recognition -LRB- coral turned pale yellow , printed things turned to faded shadows of their former selves -RRB- . I could have gotten the same result with bleach , but instead now I am stuck with a huge box of this toxic stuff . SAVE YOUR MONEY , do n't waste it on Carbona color run remover .
 When used with trimming combs/attachments , pulls hair instead of cutting . I 'm sending it back and buying a Remington .
 I really want to like this product , but it just does not cut as well as the Wahl trimmer I replaced . I like the light , and I like how it looks and fits in my hand , but I just do n't feel that it cuts very well . I have to go over a spot several times to trim the same area that the -LRB- cheaper -RRB- Wahl could handle in one shot.Disappointed .
 Consult with your doctor before taking this product . I purchased some last week and was taking as directed , after 5 days I have broken out in a rash on my arms and chest cavity . I have since stopped taking the product . I 'm not sure why I had this allergic reaction since I am otherwise healthy . I also purchased a soap that contains Neem among other ingredients which I just received today , and the Neem salve which I have n't received yet . I will consult with my doctor before trying the topical treatments for fear I may have the same reaction .
 First thing first
 Drakkar Noir after shave is n't sold in my area in stores , so it was great to see it online . This vendor offered a low end price , which is a plus . What I was n't expecting
 Do not purchase any of the Flex Specs ! They are extremely flimsy , scratched the bridge of my nose , then snapped in two after only two weeks of wear . THEY ARE NOT BENDABLE ! Not worth my time to send them back after paying shipping two ways .
 I ordered 2 pair of Copa Cool Flex Specs . One in Black & White color another inPurple & Yellow color . Received one pair Black & White . Never got the other color.Invoice stated shipped 2 pair.Bad experience . Send e-mail to customer service waiting for respond .
 First of all I wish I had paid better attention to the size . Six little bottles for the price I paid is ridiculous and its not a concentrate either . Secondly , IT DOESN `` T WORK . I tried it on several items and it only took a few stains out . If you accidentally get rust on yourself working with tools or something it might be fine . If your one of us unfortunates who have crappy water that acts up now and then and ruins everything FORGET IT !! its useless .
 This broom is horrible I is very short and swivals from side to side which makes it hard to sweep . You end up working twice as hard . I do not recomend .
 The dustpan does not lay flat so dirt goes under it when you are trying to sweep stuff up . The broom is also VERY small .
 The broom is ideal for a child 's use , not so much for an adult . The dustpan would be fine if the plastic back were straight , rather than bowed up in the center -LRB- rendering it difficult to use -RRB- .
 When I read the reviews about it being short , I figured it would be ok for me since I am short . Nope . Even uncomfortable to use for me ! And , the brush width is RIDICULOUSLY short . What a waste .
 The dust pan is OK , but I find the rubber lip on the bottom to be too thick . It will take a couple of sweepings to get mess up into pan . I use the little broom from another set , because this one is just too awkward to use ; the way it can be turned is unfortunate . It just does n't work for me .
 This item is very poorly made . It is cheap plastic and rather flimsy . It does not stay open when you stand it up and when you put the broom into its ' slot on the duspan , the bristles start coming out . I would not recommend this product . Save yourself money , do n't buy it !
 teeny tiny broom . Looks like a child 's toy . The dustpan seems like it will be ok though . I would not buy again .
 I have been looking for good lumbar support , but this is a too thick and tall for a Toyota Corolla
 This is my first review anywhere . I order a lot through Amazon and fortunately have had very few returns . Just so happens that at the same time I purchased the Back-Huggar cushion last month , I bought a `` Fellowes Professional Series Back Support '' through Amazon . I had to return it and did so with no problems and NO restocking fees . And , yes , it was out of it 's plastic . Same issue , yet two very different experiences . Lesson learned . Be careful who you order from and make sure you read the fine print . Buyer beware.Here 's my experience
 I bought this to help releave back pain while I 'm sitting in my office chair at work . When I received it I immediately noticed that there was no strap to hold it in place in the chair , so it would constantly fall into the seat every time I got up . Plus , it did n't seem like it would be all that comfortable , although hard to tell with the packaging still in place . I sent it back and got a different type which I think will work well .
 I ordered this cushion to use in our van because the seats hurt my back and have no lumbar adjustment . The Back-Huggar is a very hard cushion and even though it says THIN style , it still shoved my back too far forward to be comfortable . It is so hard that is does n't conform at all to a person 's body . I sent it back - just did n't work for me . Amazon was great about allowing me to return the item .
 Maybe it 's just me but this back huggar -LRB- thin -RRB- is not . -LRB- Thin -RCB- It pushes my back in an uncomfortable position in relation to the shoulders and upper back no matter how it is positioned . This is in my car so perhaps it works well on a sofa or very soft chair .
 I tried this product for a reasonable length of time , but I found that it really did n't give me all thatmuch relief !
 I bought two of theseBack-Huggar The Original Lumbar Cushion , Bucket Seat THIN Style , Blue Thin BucketseatBodyline Back Huggar , The Original Lumbar Cushion , Regular Seat -LRB- 13 '' x 14 '' -RRB- , BlackThe original one is very good . My wife had backache and this one was very helpful.The bucket seat thin style is not so great . It was not useful in a car seat as advertised . Careful about the seller return policy . You have only 5 days to return it but by the time you decide it is not good it would be more than 5 days .
 The thin bucket seat style Bodyline Back-Huggar is fine . There is nothing wrong with it . BUT , if you decide you do n't need it or want it after you have received it for whatever reason , and you return it unopened , unused , and pay for the postage to return it -LRB- in my case , I spent $ 9.95 to return the brand new item -RRB- , beware that if you pay $ 24.99 for the product , you will NOT get a full refund . The company will deduct a re-stocking fee , and you will only get credit for way less than you paid for it . This just happened to me and I got a credit of $ 15.84 applied back to my credit card ... NOT the full price of the item -LRB- $ 24.99 -RRB- . And of course , I had to pay the shipping to return it . So , be VERY SURE you want this item from this particular company , otherwise you will NOT get a full refund even if you return it unused , unopened and in their packaging ! I was not happy and will never order from this 3rd party company again . So , here 's the math ... I paid $ 24.99 and $ 9.95 to return it . That is $ 34.94 , and I got a $ 15.84 credit to my credit card .
 This thing is ok maybe for the movie usher to pick up small bits of popcorn but even for that it would not be my first choice . Its simply a toy .
 This is a nice cane , but the cord is short and not enough strong to last one folding.To improve : use the same cord from wirst loop , to end of the cane shaft.Use a stronger cordWhen I first folding the cane , the cord ripped apart because the cord was n't long enough and it was too weak .
 By `` easily folds down '' I thought my 80 yr old mother would actually be able to do it ... No , you have to clip the bar into place . I could n't even do it . And if not done right my mom would end up on the floor ! Not impressed . I was really hoping it was a sliding bar that moved back and forth but beware , it is n't !
 It did not seem to help . Although it did not hurt or made worse the situation . I would not buy it again .
 I recommend the crystal stick over this spray as the spray just could n't provide the same protection as the stick .
 I wanted a deodorant without the aluminum and decided on this product . I also used the roll on version . It worked well for about 6 months but then I developed an underarm rash . I think it may have been because I shave daily and the skin is broken and this product contains salt . My husband also developed a rash but not as bad as mine . We had to switch products . Once we stopped using it the rash went away but when I tried it again it came back . Needless to say I am never using this again . Be careful if you have sensitive skin or if you shave ; it is like pouring salt on a wound .
 Let 's get this straight . Even though aluminum is widely distributed in the earth 's crust , it is NOT needed in ANY amounts in your body . All evidence to date points to aluminum as a poison that serves no beneficial role in your body and should be avoided.Aluminum is widely recognized as a neurotoxin , which has been found in increased concentrations in the brains of people with Alzheimer 's disease.Unfortunately , if you use antiperspirants or some deodorants , you are most likely exposing yourself to aluminum.Aluminum salts can account for 25 percent of the volume of some antiperspirants.A review of the common sources of aluminum exposure for humans found that antiperspirant use can significantly increase the amount of aluminum absorbed by your body . According to the review , after a single underarm application of antiperspirant , about .012 percent of the aluminum may be absorbed.Multiply this by one or more times a day for a lifetime and you can have a massive exposure to aluminum -- a poison that is not meant to be in your body.Antiperspirants work by clogging , closing , or blocking the pores that release sweat under your arms -- with the active ingredient being aluminum . Not only does this block one of your body 's routes for detoxification -LRB- releasing toxins via your underarm sweat -RRB- , but it raises concerns about where these metals are going once you roll them -LRB- or spray them -RRB- on.In some cases , it is clear that they may be wreaking havoc directly on your brain . In 1988 , for instance , a truck driver accidentally poured 20 tons of aluminum sulphate into a tank containing drinking water.Some 20,000 people in the village of Camelford were exposed to the chemical for several weeks , and then went on to develop a rare form of early-onset Alzheimer 's disease , along with showing the presence of high levels of aluminum in their tissues.Deodorants and Antiperspirants Linked to CancerAlzheimer 's disease is not the only reason to ditch your aluminum-containing antiperspirant and deodorant , as this metal has also been linked to cancer.A 2006 study found that aluminum salts can mimic the hormone estrogen , and chemicals that imitate that hormone are known to increase breast cancer risk . Animal studies have also found that aluminum can cause cancer.Given that antiperspirants are used on your armpits , the aluminum salt concentration is highest near your breast tissue . Further , when women shave under their arms it can result in a higher aluminum-salt absorption rate due to the damaged skin.In a 2007 study published in the Journal of Inorganic Biochemistry , researchers tested breast samples from 17 breast-cancer patients who had undergone mastectomies . The women who used antiperspirants had deposits of aluminum in their outer breast tissue . Concentrations of aluminum were higher in the tissue closest to the underarm than in the central breast.Aluminum is not normally found in the human body , so this study was a pretty clear sign that the metal was being absorbed from antiperspirant sprays and roll-ons . It 's worth mentioning that deodorants are not the same thing as antiperspirants . Deodorants may actually be less problematic than antiperspirants , as they work by neutralizing the smell of your sweat and by antiseptic action against bacteria , but do not prevent sweating.However , many deodorants also contain aluminum , along with chemicals called parabens , which have also been linked to breast cancer . So , you 're clearly better off avoiding both antiperspirants and deodorants.Supposedly `` Safe '' Crystal Alum Antiperspirants `` Crystal '' deodorant stones are a popular natural deodorant alternative , often used by health-conscious shoppers looking to avoid the aluminum and other chemicals common in most antiperspirants and deodorants.However , if you 're looking to avoid aluminum , crystal deodorants may not be your best choice.While many claim to be aluminum-free , they are referring to aluminum chlorohydrate , aluminum chloride , aluminum hydroxybromide or aluminum zirconium.These types of aluminum are widely used in antiperspirants and deodorants . The aluminum is taken into sweat ducts in the top layer of your skin where they act as a plug , stopping the flow of sweat to your skin 's surface.There is evidence , however , that this aluminum is absorbed into your body where it may cause serious damage.The aluminum in crystal deodorant stones is a different type of compound known as an alum , the most common form being potassium alum , also known as potassium aluminum sulfate .
 I do not know if this product works or not . This is because spraymechanism on bottle does not function rendering product unusable .
 I was wondering myself whether 6 meant the quantity . Thanks for clarifying that . It IS deceptive as written .
 It is a great idea , but for me it just does not work . I know people who like it , but they must not do any exercising
 Crystal spray would need to be re-sprayed every 1-2 hours to prevent underarm odor -LRB- & I 'm not so sure this would even work -RRB- . The Thai brand Liquid Crystal Spray deodorant works much much better for me .
 I used Le Crystal deodorant stone and it worked great I accidentally purchased this one because the names are so similar and it DOES NOT work well at all . I 'm stinky by the end of the day even in winter weather . Get the one from France - Le Crystal .
 Expiration date is too soon . I had requested that they be about mid 2013 expiration . SO NOT SO a GOOD a , EH ! WAT 'S A MATTA WIT YOUS GUYS ?
 Save your money best sums it up . I could tell and have seen no difference at all since using this . Very disappointed ,
 THIS PRODUCT DID NOT KEEP ANY OF MY FRUITS OR VEGETABLES FRESH , IN FACT THEY SEEMED TO SPOIL MUCH QUICKER THAN NORMAL . I TRIED PRODUCTS IN AND OUT OF THE REFRIGERATOR , AND NONE OF THEM STAYED FRESH AS LONG AS THEY WOULD HAVE NORMALLY STAYED FRESH . I EVEN PUT THEM ON A WHOLE FRESH BATCH OF GREEN BANANAS AND THEY ALL SPOILED BEFORE I COULD EAT THEM . WHEN THE BANANAS SPOILED , IT WAS N'T A GRADUAL RIPENING LIKE NORMAL BANANAS , BUT THEY LOOKED LIKE REFRIGERATED BANANAS WOULD HAVE LOOKED . AWFUL PRODUCT , AND VERY DISAPPOINTING TO MY FAMILY . WE WERE LOOKING FORWARD TO USING THIS , BECAUSE OF TGHE VOLUME OF FRESH FRUITS AND VEGGIES WE CONSUME , BUT WE HAD TO THROW EVERYTHING OUT . BY THE WAY , THIS ALL HAPPENED ABOUT 3 DAYS AFTER PUTTING THE FRESH PRODUCE IN THE BAGS .
 These were OK in the fridge , but as far as keeping anything fresh for extended periods outside the fridge . Do n't put too much faith in the commercial on TV . And as far as keeping anything fresh for `` up to 30 days '' ; forget it . In my experience in the fridge 8 or 9 days tops . out of the fridge 5 , maybe 6 days .
 PLEASE NOTE that this product is very misleading ! The Evert Fresh -LRB- also known as Debbie Meyers -RRB- green bags come in three sizes , cleverly called Small , Medium , and Large . Other sites sell 30 bags -LRB- 10 of each size -RRB- for $ 21 -LRB- including postage -RRB- . I ASSUMED this package would include 30 bags , HOWEVER , this set includes only 10 small and 10 medium bags !! The individual prices would be less than the $ 19.95 charged for this set . I think the bags are great but this `` set '' is a complete rip off . Buy your bags elsewhere .
 I had high hopes for this product , but it totally disappointed me . The bags that produce comes in from the grocery store keep my fruits and vegetables fresher than these bags . I have had more produce mold and rot using the bags than I ever did storing them in bags from the store . This was a total waste of money . They are going in the garbage !
 I really wanted to like this product because I love pre-ripe bananas , but this product changed the smell and taste of the bananas . The bags had a funny smell before I placed and sealed the bananas in the bag . The bananas overnight were changed to a bitter , unpleasant flavor . When I wrote to the vendor about this , he said ` make sure to dry the fruit before it is put into the bag ' , which makes sense , but the fruit had been dry . Condensation formed in the bag overnight and never left . The odor of the plastic bag made the bananas smell and taste rancid . Too bad . It 's a great idea !
 Do n't know what happened to Debbie Meyers bags , but these are stiffer and do n't seem to be any better than what is now being given in many produce departments .
 I followed the instructions on the bags and gave them 3 different tries with 3 different types of produce , and if anything it made them go bad faster . I will be returning this product and am very unsatisfied .
 I use the drain sponges on my wife 's feeding tube . I have used the Kendall Excilon Drain Sponges for a year with no problem . To save money I decided to change to the Gauze Drain Sponges . After just a couple of days use I noticed increased bleeding and irritation . The Gauze Drain Sponges may work well in different applications , in my case it was wasted money .
 Love the smell and feel but very disappointed that this uses CANCER causing parabens . I made the mistake of thinking this was only organic and natural which it is not . I wll NEVER buy another product from the manufacturer .
 Love the smell and feel but very disappointed that this uses CANCER causing parabens . I made the mistake of thinking this was only organic and natural which it is not . I wll NEVER buy another product from the manufacturer .
 I 'm not buying a product that does n't list all ingredients . Where can I get a list of your ingredients in this product ?
 I purchased this along with Bhrigraj oil in an attempt to aid hair re-growth . I 've used it about 2 weeks and I tolerate it well . The tablets are green and uncoated so they start dissolving immediately in my mouth . I am hoping that Ayurveda does for my AGA what so far , nothing else has . I 've increased my dose to twice daily and will update again in 60 days . ** Updated February 1 , 2013I 'm still using this . I ca n't tell if its helping or hurting . I still have thinning but only on one side , on the other ... shedding is still occuring . I 'm unsure if ill purchase again . I 've reduce my dose back to once dose . I 'm just not sure that its this product that is helping at least some sections of my hair . I 've taken this for four months and will continue my last 20 days and then decide .
 I think if I had 20 of these on I still would n't get any health benefit from them . This particular one was so tight , it made indentions in my skin . Its size might be more suited for a child .
 It is a waste of money . We used a lot of elbow grease and it took a tremendous amount of work to apply right and the result was not clear nor did the water run off .
 I had high hopes that I could use this product on a previously untreated oil stain on my driveway of unsealed brick pavers . It really did n't work ! I followed the directions , but only had enough product to treat one time -LRB- the directions say if it does n't work the first time , to scrub it the second time -RRB- . One of the tips is that it needs to be used in warm weather to work - well I live in Florida & it barely lightened the oil stain at all ! Save the money to pay a professional !
 I tried this product on some stubborn stains in my garage . I am thinking that the floor was too cold , probably about 40 . I will try again after the floor warms up this spring/summer and hope it does something to remove the oil stain.Very expensive little bottle .
 Like others I used this as directed and the results were poor , a mild lightening at best . I did not want to purchase another bottle to try scrubbing the product in as the company suggests on your second attempt . My suggestion would be to try something else or try scrubbing this product on the concrete the first time . The only appeal of this product to me was you pour and it does the work , which did not prove to be the case .
 i would not waste your money on this product ... it did not remove stain at all !!! My husband really wanted something to ged rid of unsightly stain on driveway but unfortunately , we had no success .
 This used to be a excellent product but they changed the formula . Since they changed their formula it is a runny milk like solution that is worthless .
 I used to love this stuff but the formula was changed and it no longer works . None of their claims are true anymore . I have used this product in the past and it was wonderful . Stains -LRB- even old ones -RRB- came up and were totally undetectable . The cleanup was easy and it smelled like oranges . With the new formula the product is pretty runny , it stinks like toilet bowl cleaner and is very hard to sweep up . After you sweep it up you need to rinse to get rid of the white powder residue and discover that the oil stain is still there . I will not buy anymore of this stuff unless I hear from the company that makes it that they have returned to the old formula . Do not buy as it is no longer even close to being worth the price .
 Was a great product for years . Recent change in formula renders it a failure . It used to be nice and thick , worked great . Now it 's like spending $ 15 on a quart of milky water . Avoid .
 I had used Pour-N-Restore for the past few years.The stuff used to be remarkable . Poured out really think and had a terrific citrus/orange smell . Best of all it completely removed all of my oil stains and you just brushed it off as it would clump up and removal was a snap.Ordered a new bottle . Forget it . The other reviewers are correct ... the formula has changed . Now runs out like water and smells exactly like toilet cleaner . Worst part it no longer removes oil stains and pick-up is terrible . Fine dust everywhere and you need a mop to clean it all up.Wrote to Edgewater Industries and they gave me some b.s. about now it can be used on asphalt , blah blah blah . Do n't fool me . Bottom line is they cheapened up the formula . They indicated they might bring the old formula back in gallon quantities and it would cost a lot more $ -LRB- and I would pay it ... yet to find , though -RRB- . Ths is when I knew they took the cheap route out with the new formula.Bottom line is they lost a long time customer as I will never purchase this one time great product again .
 I completely agree with other reviewers that this product has changed . I use to use this product for oil stains in my garage -LRB- concrete -RRB- from working on cars . It used to be amazing stuff ... it would get out oil stains from years before.The last two times I have used this product it pours out like water -LRB- even after shaking -RRB- ... while it used to be very think , almost like a milkshake . Since this change , it does n't even pick up oil completely on fresh stains.I will be looking for another product in the future to help remove oil stains from concrete !
 I had a large oil stain on my concrete driveway that was left by the truck of some tree trimmers we had hired . I followed the directions exactly , even tried multiple applications . It made no difference . I 'm not happy because now I have chemicals all over my driveway and yard -LRB- after washing it away -RRB- and it did n't work . I would not recommend this product .
 the old formula smelled like oranges and worked beautifully -- very rarely did i need a second application , and once it was dry i simply swept it away easilythis new stuff smells like lestoil and will not wipe away -- it is as if i applied white paint to my driveway paversthe company ruined a great product
 What a waste of money ! I applied this product to an oil stain on a concrete parking pad , left it there all day , swept up the mess ... and there was no improvement at all ! Although the company indicates it is guaranteed , good luck with that . I called them , and because I had bought it from Amazon , they would not stand behind the guarantee . Fortunately , Amazon ... which is fantastic ... did stand behind the guarantee and immediately issued a refund . Too bad Edgewater 's idea of Customer Service is , `` We do n't care . ''
 I ordered from the company 's website . They give no summary of order or shipping charges , endless `` offers . '' I tried to cancel the order within minutes of placing it . When you place it , they tell you it could take a month to get it and push for more shipping charges.I called and emailed customer service . Within 12 hours I had a name and confirmation that the order had been cancelled . in 3 weeks I received an email that it had been shipped a week before and charged to my account . This was ANOTHER order number.That was more than 2 months ago . hours with customer service reps , a trip to the post office to return a package I never ordered and another hour to document my dispute of the charges on an order that I was assured had been cancelled several times and that I had been assured was refunded more than a month ago.If you want to try these hard as boards things , go through a retailer who cares . My suggestion ... run now before the real pain begins .
 Ordered 2 pairs online and was overcharged $ 18.80 and did not even receive the orthodics . I received 2 gel cushions and that was it . When I called customer service , I spoke to someone in India who spoke broken English -LRB- very hard to understand -RRB- and told me that she could only mail me an insurance complaint form . Spent 20 minutes -LRB- half of the time she had me on hold -RRB- with this woman and still no resolution . Highly concerned about a company that overcharges someone and then does n't even send the right product , although they sent the right invoice .
 As someone who spends a great deal of time on my feet , I have worn custom orthotics for years . Seeing the commercials on TV for the Walkfit , I thought it would be worth the small investment to try them . I could n't even keep them in my shoes for the recommended hour ! Although it provided much-needed arch support , the hard plastic was very uncomfortable . I do n't suggest these for anyone who is used to wearing custom orthotics .
 Apparently Walk-Fit Orthotics may come in different sizes , but they only come in one width . I wear EE shoes -LRB- way wider than most women ! -RRB- . I did not at first realize that the Walk Fits were too wide , but I did notice that my feet felt like they were tilting to the outside . I attributed the tilt to the `` Breaking-In Phase . '' Of course , the only thing that broke was my alignment -LRB- several costly trips to the chiropractor have NOT remediated the situation -RRB- . When I finally took a closer look -LRB- unfortunately , it was a few week later -RRB- , I realized that the orthotics were actually tilted inside my shoe because they were slightly wider than my shoe . I had a friend with a C width shoe try them on ; well , she never acutally got to try them on because they did not even begin to fit inside her shoe . Since the average woman 's shoe width is B , most women can not begin to wear the Walk-fit . Now , they can send it right back for a full refund - minus shipping and handling of course -LRB- probably a great money-maker for the company right there -RRB- . I have heard comments about the difficulty of trying to return products to Walk-Fit . They are true ! Maybe a few lucky souls get their money back , but the company just wo n't do it - they have several reasons why they do n't have to . I consider the company to engage in false advertising - the product is not for women , but the infomercials do not say that . I 'm going to contact my State 's Attorney 's Office to report fraudulent practices . I suggest all other unhappy consumers do the same .
 Ordered WalkFit inserts for myself and my fiancee . Followed their instructions for about 10 days -LRB- 3 days past their `` break in '' period -RRB- . I could n't wait to get them out of my shoes by the end of the day . Foot adjusted somewhat , but not that much . Same with my fiancee . Decided to return them.Sent them back via UPS with deliver confirmation and signature . Walk Fit received them back in mid-September , 2005 . No refund given as of yet . No returned emails or phone calls to customer service.Bottom line
 Ordered WalkFit inserts for myself and my fiancee . Followed their instructions for about 10 days -LRB- 3 days past their `` break in '' period -RRB- . I could n't wait to get them out of my shoes by the end of the day . Foot adjusted somewhat , but not that much . Same with my fiancee . Decided to return them.Sent them back via UPS with deliver confirmation and signature . Walk Fit received them back in mid-September , 2005 . No refund given as of yet . No returned emails or phone calls to customer service.Bottom line
 This is a terrible product and a horrible company . Delivery was very slow and inserts were intolerable . I promptly returned product , but did not receive refund , despite many phone calls . Beware of how much you 're paying for nonrefundable shipping and handling if you 're ordering directly from WalkFit - $ 29.85 !!
 Tammy writes
 have to get the real thing from a podiatrist - these do n't work for me !
 Not for me . These were most uncomfortable . I have very high arches , so maybe that was the problem , but really , how can these feel good for anyone ? I followed the instructions but I could n't stand the pain these produced . I tried to give them to my sister who has flat feet , and she gave them back because they hurt her , too . By then it was too late to return them for a refund .
 I ordered ` SURGILUBE ' but was sent ` INVACARE ' which I do n't like at all . Invacare does not come out of the tube smoothly and uniformly like ` SURGILUBE ' does . Please never again substitute Invacare . Thank you , Fred .
 I order 12 for $ 34.23 , 2 weeks went by , no order . Price went up to $ 50.00 That why no order came !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1
 I have yellow teeth currently , drank sodas such as coke for years and years , have not smoked , tried the product for a week , and have seen no difference in the whitening of my teeth . I 'm a teenager as well and I was disappointed this product has n't worked at all . The rubber trays provided also do not fit my teeth and saliva easily can ruin the process . Not to mention it 's uncomfortable to put the tray plus the light transmitter in your mouth for 10-30 minutes .
 I have bought this product from stores in the past and though the packaging looks the same , I assure you this is NOT the same product !!! There is no dispenser for the two gels which makes it very hard to get equal amounts of the two and the directions provided do not match the contents of the package . I will not be making a repeat purchase and would not recommend this to anyone else .
 Have gotten this from the White light company before . Worked great and loved what it did for my teeth . This one seemed runny and watered down . Did not work !
 Picture gave me the false assumption that they were in official Duracell packaging , but the batteries came in an unofficial , non-sealed box . I do not know the quality of the batteries in said packaging , so for all I know some of the batteries could have been previously used .
 I received this as a gift , and that was great because I have been needing them for a while . Unfortunately only four from the first set of ten batteries had a full charge ; the rest had from 1.32 to 1.48 volts . If the failure rate on the other 40 turns out to be the same , I wo n't be too bothered because overall it was still cheaper than buying them locally .
 Some of the reviews I read about this product before I purchased it compared it to Ephedra and if you Google bitter orange products they tell you how comparable it is , well its not even close . I exercise daily and I did NOT get any additional boost with this product . I would recommend not to waste your money , actually you might be better off eating the money you spend .
 I bought this as a gift , this item is just ok not what I expected it to be . Power was just ok shape didnt doanything for her .
 Mr misty is mister drippy as far as using it in a tub shower . It makes heavy wet mist that soon has my floor very wet and slippery . I instead hooked it to my reverse osmosis water filter and installed it in the plenum of my gas forced air furnace . It works very well in that location because of the high air flow and the heat . One needs an electronic humidifier solenoid valve connected to the humidifier terminals of the furnace -LRB- and a water pipe -RRB- to make it work well . If your RO filter goes nova then you will get tell tale white dust everywhere . A good RO filter should last a few years though.JL
 I like the concept of the Mr. Misty , and suffer from lots of static shock and dry everything here in the desert . So , I gave the he/she a chance , and then returned it a week or so later . I was n't happy with how wet everything became in the bathroom area -- the ceiling and walls were damp , bathtub full of water droplets , and dampened carpet just outside the bathroom . On my 1600 square foot home , Mr. Misty had little to no chance of making improvements outside the master bedroom , it just created a very lopsided change in humidity . So , back to the retailer he/she went.Those living in more humid parts of the country can do more than just imagine the things that grow in standing water ...
 We installed the product as instructed , ran it for 48 hours and checked the humidistat and found no change in the air humidity . It was disappointing , although a good idea too bad it does not do the job it promises .
 hooked it up in my apartment and it does n't work , it may work in very small spaces
 worked for a month then clogged up and is unuseable . great idea with poorly engineered parts - cheap plastic . Do n't buy if you want it to last more than a couple of weeks .
 I bought this as part of a baby shower gift . I expected something larger . Instead I got a tiny little sampler pack that fits in the palm of my hand , specifically this thing is only 5.5 x 4 inches.Also , mine arrived in bad shape , the package had broken and was repaired sloppily with packing tape . Not an attractive looking package to give as part of a gift.I paid $ 12.39 , and THANK GOODNESS I did not have to also pay shipping for my order . If I had another few dollars tacked on for shipping I would really be irate.I advise not to buy this . Probably , would end up cheaper for you to just go out and buy a couple full sized products . I guess the only use for these are for using when one travels . They are that small .
 Do n't bother if you need support for your knee . Falls down after a few steps and offers NO support . Save your money .
 As I said in my title line , this is a well made product . But that 's were it ends for me . First I ordered a 3x size and it was way too large , I returned it and ordered a 2x . The 2x fit tighter -LRB- at least would stay put on my knee -RRB- , but give it a few minutes an it slid down to my ankle . So now I have a second item to return . Frustrating , believe me ! So in conclusion , the measurement instructions are terrible.All I can say is that after years of purchases from Amazon and never returning anything . It is best -LRB- for me at least -RRB- to not order anything that requires a size ! Now I am forced to drive all over the countryside for at least an hour trying to find a proper fitting support.Amazon has a very easy return policy ! Just keep all packing , it will smooth things greatly . I was impressed !
 Cover not aligned to close properly . Pills keep falling out into my pocket . Sure looks nice but i think it was not worth it .
 Tried Crest Pro Health Toothpaste . Seems OK as you 're brushing but when you 're done , it tastes like you just ate bad cheese . No fresh feeling like a good mint toothpaste . I ended up throwing what tubes we had in the trash and going out to buy regular Crest with Scope -- much better ! This stuff is awful -- do n't waste your money !
 I have sensitive teeth , so I thought this stuff would be great . I used it for about 6 weeks , and it hurt my teeth more and more every week ! It 's sitting under the sink , where it will probably stay until I move ...
 A disgusting white film forms in your mouth after you use this product . It feels disgusting , and it 's embarrassing to be trying to get it out of your mouth . I highly recommend SOMETHING ELSE .
 The stuff is sick . My wife refuses to kiss me after I brush with it . It seems like it 's getting my teeth really clean while brushing but afterward I 've got this terrible artificial chemicalish taste in my mouth that takes forever to go away . It makes me really thristy too , and I ca n't stop drinking water afterward.I do n't know why I 'm still using it . I guess I do n't want to have wasted my money.NASTY NASTY STUFF .
 I hate this toothpaste ! It leaves slime like mouth boogers all over my mouth . It can take 10 minutes to get it all out . Pretty embarassing out in public . I threw mine away .
 I bought Crest Pro Health Clinical gum protection and soon thereafter I get painful sores in my mouth and stop the toothpaste . I switched to sensodyne -LRB- five stars -RRB- and the sores healed . A couple of months later I go to the dentist ... its cavity and root canal time . I thought maybe it was n't the toothpaste . So I tried another Crest product
 After 2 days of using this product both my husband and I have burning sensations on our tongues . I got the worst of the deal with swollen membranes throughout my mouth and under my tongue . We also experienced a `` dry '' sensation on the under part of the tongue , it seems to stick to the bottom of your mouth even if you are adequately hydrated.We racked our brains for foods we both ate or drank and then my husband realised that we had just changed our toothpaste . We have stopped using it but my mouth is still a mess after 2 days of non-use . I am going to call Crest and leave a formal complaint .
 tears up the inside of my mouth . I find myself brushing faster just to get it out because it strips off all the layers of skin in my mouth and gives me sores if I leave it in there too long . though the company may claim that it 's good to get rid of dead layers of skin and it 's just super powerful antibacterial stuff , I actually find myself having yuckier breath in the morning ... besides , I can get a nice clean mouth without the mouth pain and dead skin that I get with this sucky product .
 I actually work in a dental office and had noticed the slime after using some of the samples my office recieved . I shook it off thinking it was just a residue left from the tooth paste and stopped using it to avoid the uncomfortable after math of using the product . Just recently a crest and oral b rep brought several full sized tubes to the office for the staff and after my colgate total -LRB- which i loved -RRB- ran out I started using the free pro health I got from our rep. Bad idea I started noticed the slimy film in my mouth again and actually took the time this go around to google it only to find out its not a residue left behind from the paste , but the skin in my mouth peeling off ?!?!! I was mortified and ill be sure to discuss this with the doctor and have our office no longer recommend this horrible product .
 I got this with the free mouthwash and have been using it for a few weeks . The gritty feel is weird but it is the aftertaste that I hate . It seems to hang around for hours after you brush . I would never buy this again .
 My husband and I have been using this toothpaste for a couple of weeks and it does seem to clean and freshen , but then there is the MOUTH SLIME ... After we brush , stings of slime form on our checks ... like mouth boogers . Really gross ...
 You 've heard it before , if I could give it no stars , I would . The worst toothpaste ... ever . Almost as bad as Arm & Hammer tarter control -LRB- which leaves you with dry tight lips -RRB- . This product literally makes my teeth hurt , all of them , with the added benefit of removing a layer of skin from the inside of your mouth leaving you with white , slimey mouth scum . Really disgusting , I 'm never buying another Crest product again . $ .99 Pepsodent is better .
 This product leaves a weird ` slime ' in your mouth after brushing . For awhile I thought there was something wrong with my gums/teeth , but I finally figured out it was Crest Pro-Health that was causing it ! Gross . I am not usually picky about which toothpaste I buy , but I can say with 100 % certainty that I will never buy this product again .
 I 've been using Crest Pro-Health for several years now , and have had white film and mouth sores almost every day . Thinking it was just a residue from the toothpaste , and sores from a possible nervous habit . I was shocked and appalled when my dentist identified the sloughing of skin , due to this toothpaste ! I was even more appalled to Google the symptoms and find THOUSANDS of hits , each with THOUSANDS of the same complaints , many indicating P&G ; denying any such problem exists.DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT , it is apparently defective , and probably dangerous IMHO . P&G ; should be shut down by the FDA for such a damaging product . I will certainly never use it again , and I have been a loyal Crest user since childhood . I will have to think long and hard before trying a P&G ; product ever again . If this is the way they put out a flagship product , what kind of quality should we expect from their other products?I also found out that this `` Whitening '' product actually has been CAUSING the brown staining of my teeth . DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT !!!
 I used this toothpaste for a couple weeks . It left the inside of my mouth feeling numb and dehydrated . I also got big gobs of disgusting slime in my mouth each morning . Initially I blamed a new toothbrush , but from the rest of the reviews I think I can conclude this was another side effect of the paste . Yuck .
 Using this product make my mouth slough-off into some kind of discussing unctious slime that is hard to remove . A new kind of adhesive ?? Do n't buy this product unless prepared for this effect .
 No drama here , this toothpaste does literally peel off a thin layer on all gum surfaces , and it peels off in a slime . I spend a half hour in the morning , after brushing , getting the slime out of my mouth or it gums up into yucky little blobs . Two months ago I had 4 impacted wisdom teeth removed and at the same time I happened to buy Crest Pro Health . I had been attributing my problems to my surgery , but eventually I realized that my surgery was completely healed and through a process of elimination , it was the Crest Pro Health . My husband is always complaining that my breath smells like chemicals and he was concerned that my surgeon had left something `` medical '' in my gums ! But that is not the case.I have always liked Crest products , but it seems that this one in particular has some problems . I do n't even want to know what kind of ingredient/chemical is causing the skin to peel off . It seems iffy enough , to probably avoid this product , until it has been around for a few more years and more problems are noticed.I have not noticed any staining , but I also do not have any plaque on my teeth at this time.And my mouth and breath never tastes fresh and clean with this toothpaste . I feel self concious about it even right after brushing , as if I had n't brushed at all !
 The stupid flip-cap on this toothpaste & the sticky , drooling , aqua-colored slime inside the tube combine to create a mess when it leaks out nightly on to your bathroom shelf !
 After 2 weeks of using this my mouth was dry , raw , my taste buds felt inflamed , and my mouth burns when I eat certain foods . I 've never had any of these problems before . Do a search for `` crest pro health toothpaste problems '' and you will see hundreds of similar problems posted . Crest is an evil company for selling such a harmful product .
 After brushing , it causes the inner layer of skin inside my cheeks and inner lips to sluff off . It feels disgusting and disturbing . Not only that , but it leaves an awful aftertaste , which ruins the flavor of food for several hours . And it leaves my mouth feeling tortured and slimy rather than refreshed and squeaky clean . Love Crest . HATE Crest Pro-Health .
 I 've tried using this for 3 days in a row , and each time , it hurts my teeth like hell . I thought I just had really super sensitive teeth or something , but looking through the other reviews , I see I 'm not the only one with this problem . I switched from Sensodine Whitening , and never had that problem before .
 My Dentist gave me a sample of Crest Pro-something ca n't really call it health . I read the ingredients and even the statement on the box says that stannous fluoride stains your teeth . After reading the reviews I 'm definately avoiding the mouth slime and teeth staining . If you have to go to the dentist to get it off of your teeth per the other reviews it is n't worth it . I 'm not waiting until I get sloughing of the mouth just like Chemotherapy that also cause slouthing of the mouth . I wonder if I can throw it in the trash or is it considered hazardous waste .
 Had a coupon to purchase 2 of these for the price of one , brought 2 tubes home . 1 and 3/4 of the tubes are now in my county land fill . Plaque build-up increased , teeth did not fill as clean , and the stuff left my mouth feeling uncomfortable -LRB- weird -RRB- and painfully sensitive to cold liquids for 1 or 2 hours . Not something I 'll purchase again in this lifetime .
 After reading a lot of reviews about this product causing stains on teeth , I read the label - under ` other information ' -LRB- conveniently , not under ` warnings ' -RRB- , the label states
 I just bought this toothpaste today at Walgreen 's . It came with free mouthwash . I needed new toothpaste because after a month or so of using the same toothpaste , I bore of it . After reading the back of the box with the active ingredient being Stannous Fluoride ... which it says `` Products containing stannous fluoride may produce surface staining of the teeth . '' Ok , I 'm confused , it says this toothpaste will whiten my teeth , but an active ingredient in it may cause surface stains on my teeth ? Heh . I 'll give this toothpaste to my mom or something .
 I thought I was the only who was experiencing `` mouth slime , '' but was relieved -LRB- and simultaneously horrified -RRB- to find that others are reacting the same way to this awful product . This toothpaste claims to whiten teeth and kill germs , but instead it feels like it is eating away at my tongue , cheeks , and lips . When I finish brushing , the inside of my mouth feels bumpy and numb like I 've been brushing with acid . Shortly thereafter , the top layer of skin inside my mouth -LRB- particularly my inner lips -RRB- peels off in a slimy , white layer . If it 's already eating away at my skin , just imagine what it 's really doing to my teeth ! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 It took me a really long time to determine that this toothpaste is what causes the mouth slime/scum/film in my mouth . But , I did n't want to just speculate . So , I located some information on Crest 's own website : `` Q
 As others have said , this toothpaste really tears your mouth apart . Not only does is have a slightly off taste , it does a number on your mouth and lips . I too have experienced the thick filmy white stuff coming off of the inside of my mouth - it 's disgusting to pull out . I 've also experienced a lot of burning of my lips while I brush and I 've noticed that they are very chapped . I have , as of today , discontinued use of this terrible product . I do n't care if it 's good for my teeth - loosing the lining of my mouth is NOT worth it !
 Initially I loved this stuff . My teeth felt clean and I did n't get the staining . BUT ... aside from the fact that it kills an entire layer of skin cells inside your mouth every time you use it , and that the FDA seems to let a lot of bad stuff slip into the retail market , and that we have no idea just how much ` bad stuff ' is being absorbed through your oral mucus membranes into your system every time you use this stuff ... after a while you completely loose your sense of taste ! That 's great for dieting , I admit , AND I want my teeth until I 'm 100 , but there has to be a better way ! The loss of taste is a well known side-effect of the Pro-Health Mouthwash !
 I constantly have canker sores all over my pallet , gums , and tongue as well as the slime everyone is talking about ! Terrible product , I will never buy this stuff again .
 I was getting gingivitis from using Organic , all natural toothpaste , so against my better judgement , I bought `` regular '' toothpaste and tried Crest ProHealth . Well , for about the 4th time since I started using it , my mouth became very raw and painful . I thought my tongue was burning while brushing my teeth b/c of whatever `` rash '' or something , I had . HOW could I not realize that it was the toothpaste causing it ???? My mouth hurts so bad and I did n't enjoy the food at a wedding today because of it : -LRB- I will never buy this crap again , or any other Crest product !!!!!
 After using the whitening version of this product for two weeks by cheeks and inside of lower lip became red and rough . The next day white `` canker sore '' eruptions occurred throughout my mouth . I have never had more than one canker sore in my mouth at a time in my life . My dentist said it could have been an a reaction to a new toothpaste , and bingo , I knew it was this stuff . HORRIBLE ! I have n't been able to eat anything more than vanilla ice cream , milk , and white bread for 4 days now . The pain is horrible and unrelenting . No over the counter remedies are helping , and I 've purchased them all . Similar reports are all over the internet . Be careful !!!!
 After using this product for four weeks , I developed terrible brown `` stains '' - actually , some sort of brown deposit , on my teeth . I tried whitening products , but nothing would take those stains off . I was at the dentist today . Both the dentist and the hygenist told my that Crest Pro Health caused those stains . It took the hygenist an entire hour to get them off of my teeth . This product should be pulled from the shelves .
 I gave this toothpaste two stars only because it does clean your mouth , but also creates mouth slime galore ! I had been using the toothpaste for about two months . About a month ago , I noticed I started getting this slimy substance inside my mouth . It would occur all day long , and I could gather/pull out huge gobs of slime !!! It was embarrassing . The inside of my mouth never hurt . No sores of any kind , just alot of white slime . One day my fiance noticed some on the outside corner of my mouth that had somehow escaped from the inside ! That 's when I realized I needed to research the cause . I was worried it might be thrush or something serious , but did n't think so because I did n't have any pain or sores . I 'm not on any medication , so I knew it could n't be the result of a side effect . Searching the internet I found lots of people with the same condition , and we all had something in common . We used Crest Pro Health toothpaste !!! Interestingly enough , my fiance uses it also and has never had a problem with it . But I 'm going to stop using it immediately , and see what happens . I have to assume this is the cause since it only started after I changed from my old toothpaste -LRB- Aquafresh -RRB- to Crest Pro Health .
 I got their `` Fine '' badger brush for a Christmas present . Within a month ... the hair continually falls off in clumps . The hair itself is very course and not comfortable on the face . This brush is terrible . I called their customer service dept. . . they were worse than the brush ! They ask me to get a receipt from the person that gave me the brush ! I told them they can see the brush is falling apart ... they did not seem focused on that at all . . they wanted a receipt ... as if that would help the condition of the brush . These brushes are supposed to last 20-30 years and this one did not last a month and they are focused on the receipt ? Do not buy the brush . . you will regret the poor quality and worse ... their poor customer service !
 I too `` thought '' this was great stuff for my carpet - then two days after I used it I noticed all these yellow stains in the places I had used it . I tried numerous things to remove the new YELLOW Stain that Wine Out left behind , but it never budged ! I thought it was my carpet , so I gave it to some friends to try and they had the same `` yellow '' carpet experience . Do n't buy it unless you want a permanent yellow stain on your carpet ! Smells awful too .
 When I got this , I was fairly excited . But , when I finally held it in my hands I was severely disappointed . It had a little white tag on it that stated `` Genuine Leather '' . . Really ? That was the biggest lie of the night !! That leather was about as genuine as a playboy bunny 's boobs ! I do not recommend buying this , at any time or for any reason other than to have it on your hip for a costume party .
 Do not buy this prooduct very flimsy !! doesnt hit well . It is a big string ! So mad I wasted the money !
 At first glance , this seems to be a wonderful kit ... . or at least one thinks so . It comes in a `` sturdy '' hard plastic case , and seems to carry the most essential products . The products in themselves appear to be top of the line with rubberized handles and even magnifying glasses . It seems to say safety and security . Well our baby has yet to arrive but I had an emergency with a very sick little 4 year old in which I was forced to break out `` the kit '' . And man was I sorely disappointed . The thermometer is not lit and hard to read , and to top it off it does n't even beep when it is done , so you have to sit there and continually watch it . When it says it only takes 90 seconds ... it is lying !! I was there holding blasted thing under her arm for 3-4 minutes , every 3-4 hours when she was due for her tylenol or motrin ... GRRRRR !!! The other wonder I was initially awed by was the handy medicine dispenser . Two words ... . IT SUCKS ! It was impossible to get the medicine all the way into the syringe without leaving a significant portion in the cup , and the plunger itself took an act of congress to pull !!! We tried everything , even turning the darned thing upside down . All I know is I am a veteran mom of 3 , and I know from experience when you have a cranky , sick toddler , THE LAST thing you want to fidget with is an unreliable medicine dispenser !!! You have enough of a fight just to get the medicine into the child without fighting with the dispenser too !!! In the end the cheap one the drug store sent was WAY better !!! Save your money and time and spend it on something else or even better yet make your own with all the products YOU like most :-RRB- And BTW , they are right ... all the equipment inside the kit does fall out and all over the place . Really ... Safety 1st could have done a MUCH better job !!!
 This kit represents overall good value in terms of the contents , since a single digital thermometer costs ... It could include a scissor.However when we first opened the hard plastic case , half of the contents fell out , since they are not secured inside it . Additionally the case is difficult to carry by the handle -LRB- there 's no hole -RRB- and is not securely closed . Not to mention its bulkyness.We returned it and bought Nursery and Bath Care Set by Summer Infant Products . For additional -LSB- money -RSB- you get a few more extra items , all secured in elastic loops in a compact pouch .
 I registered for this thinking it would be great . Everything I need . RIIIIGHHHTTT . . haha . . The only things in it I can use are the nail clippers -LRB- but I can not use the magnification because it distorts everything and I can not see my sons nails -RRB- , the hair brush which is nice , the comb which is nice , and the nail files which I dont like anyways because the chalkboard scrapping sound lol . The thermometer -LSB- stinks -RSB- ! It does n't beep so you dont know wen its done . You have to watch for it to blink or something like that and it only blinks a few times so if u miss it ur gon na sit there for a LOOOONNG time but hey it takes a long time to work anyways . The medicine dropper is TOO hard to pull out and push in . And the tweezers are very flimsy
 The thermometer takes a VERY long time to work , if it even beeps at all . The medicine dropper is awkward . The case is hard to open especially if you have a child in your hands . It 's pointless , more of a hassle than what it is worth . I think that this product was a waste of money !
 This product has many flaws . The thermometer does n't beep . It 's hard to open everything falls when it is open.The medicine dropper is awkward . Etc. .
 I like the idea of all this in one case -LRB- and it 's hard to complain at this price -RRB- , but some of these things would be better bought separately . We 've either traded up or found a substitute for most of the things in here . Here 's what I found
 This was given to me as a gift , and although I have used it , it would not be my first choice in infant care . The nail clippers are mediocre at best , I understand they should n't be sharp for an infant but I have to exert tremendous pressure just to clip my son 's nails . The syringe is too hard of a push to administer medicine and the tweazers could n't pull a hair out of my head - they have absolutely no grip . I have never used the brush , comb or toothbrush -LRB- I have others -RRB- but they do make for good entertainment when diapering ! The case is cumbersome and of poor design . Everytime I open it - everything falls out !
 You may want to pass on this one . At first when I registered for this it seemed like such a neat idea to have everything you need in a compact case but when I opened it up , everything fell out of the case . Nothing would stay in it 's place ... and when you have a sick baby at 2am you do n't want to be picking up items off of the floor in the dark . Not to mention that the thermometer takes forever to read . Its a great idea but needs some more modifications before I would buy it . I ended up taking it back and just buying the items I did n't have separately and keeping them in a plastic zipper bag .
 I bought this when I was 9 months pregnant thinking that it has allt he things that I need and was n't bad on the price either . I loved the little plastic bag and all the necessary items inside it . But when I strated using it , that is when my dauhter was 2 months old the problem started .1 . I open the box and everything fall out , nothing stays in the place .2 . The thermometer is very hard to use . You have to constantly look at it cause it doea n't beep nor is it lit and you have to keep an eye on the flahing little icon .3 . The magnifier on the nail clipper is hopeless . I can not clip her nail by using it , so I have learnt to use without it . $ . Last week I took my daughter to the doctor cause she had a cold . I told them that she did n't have fever as I had checked it before going . The manual that it comes with says to deduct 1 degree F if you are taking the temperature underarm , so a 100.6 was 99.6 according to Safety 1st . But her ped said no that is wrong cause a temperature that is taken underarm needs to have 1 degree added to it , so actually her temperature was 101.6 . I was so mad at the company . I still have to talk to those people about it . Also her ped has asked me to bring thr thermometer and the manual the next time i go here which is this coming Friday . They said they need to take a look at it.The other things like the medicine dispenser , brush , comb is fine .
 The nail clippers , hairbrush , and comb are great but I did not care for the rest . It would be cost effective to buy the items seperately from this company .
 I did a lot of research when I registered . Apparently I did n't research this particular choice very well . The case looks nice and I thought it had things that I needed . First , the case does n't stay shut , so all the items fall out . Second , the items are not of the quality I would expect . Third , I do n't even need half the items included . I would recommend buying baby care items individually instead of in a kit .
 I have actually thrown this kit away since one night my son was very sick and it was taking me an hour to open the thing . I got fed up and threw it across the room and the next morning I threw it away . I kept the medicine despenser though b/c I kinda like that . But everything else is worthless especially the thermometer . Imagine having to fight with a sick 5 month old trying to get an underarm temp only to have the thing take FOREVER , and then just shut off when it 's done . NO BEEP , NOTHING . It does n't light up in the dark , and you ca n't replace the battery , not that I 'd want to anyway . The nail clippers are useless , I almost went blind trying to see through the glare of the magnifying glass and babies nails are too soft to be using emery boards anyway . like they 're really going to sit still while you file their nails , that 's ridiculous . It 's hard enough cutting them ! This product is NOT recommended .
 Being a parent to be I registered for this thinking it had all of the major items I needed . The tweezers and nail clippers come with a useless magnifying glass that is wobbly and gives you a very distored view of your baby 's fingernails . Speaking of clippers ... the pin that holds it together kept popping out -LRB- the ones that come with Lil ' Tummy 's gas drops free have been the best -RRB- . The medicine dispenser is hard to pull up and does n't dispense all of the medication in it . The thermometer did n't even give an accurate reading -LRB- scary thought -RRB- . I gave this two stars because the brush , comb , nail file , and toothbrush are just fine .
 I have small hands , so I actually ca n't grip this product with one hand . It slips right out , because there is no hole . The items are okay , really do n't like the nail cutters though , and they do n't stay in there places.I 'm sure there are better kits out there .
 I have seen this product -LRB- and others similar to it -RRB- . As an RN , we encouraged prospective parents to refrain from being drawn in by the `` cuteness '' of items that are geared only to be sold , not to be useful . Although each category of item in this kit is certainly useful , and some essential , it is far better to spend your money on the items purchased separately . In this way , you can check for quality and longevity . Put together your own kit .
 This stuff is HORRIBLE !!!!!! It says to wait to have liquids before and after you take this ... but I do n't know how you could choke it down otherwise . It is so strong it burns your throat . There are better options out there to increase milk quality and quantity . I bought a tea and a capsule with much more satisfaction . I would 've given this 0 stars if I could 've .
 This did not work for me . The amount of herbs you get from this tincture is not as concentrated as if you were to take the herbs separately .
 Since there are a ton of variables that go into milk supply , I would never say this product would be ineffective for everyone , but it certainly was for me . I started taking it right before my son started on solids at 6 months , partially because he had n't gained `` enough '' weight the month before and because I was very nervous about my milk supply dropping when solids started . I took it according to recommendations - I actually took it with absolutely no water or food -LRB- it certainly is n't the worst tasting thing I 've ever had in my mouth -RRB- . I finished the bottle and saw no difference in my supply during or after finishing it . I work 3 days a week and pump twice a day on those days . I was pumping about 4 oz a pump before starting the tincture ; pumped about 4 oz while taking it ; pump about 4 oz after finishing it . No difference whatsoever !
 I tried this product for 3 days , and the stomach troubles became too much . I contacted the company and they are allowing me to return it with no questions , which is the reason for the 2-star rating .
 I paid over $ 25 to have this item shipped over night . I did get my package the next day , but the item was in a bag and there was liquid from the bottle all in it . It also had the word `` Damaged '' written on the bag . The top was broken on the bottle and someone just put tape on the top to try and keep it closed . This is my first time with this company . I contacted them via email the same day and never even got a response back . I had to wait until Monday to call them since my order arrived on Saturday and they are closed on the weekends . I had a very negative experience with this company . I could n't even use my new product ! I called the company and they told me I had to call Amazon which I did . Amazon could n't even give me a new one free of charge . They just gave me a refund . I needed this product ASAP and now I have to wait longer due to someone else 's mistake !
 It does n't Work . I used it weekly for one month and mildew grew in the shower :0 . Vinegar and water works better .
 I 've regularly used Dow Scrubbing Bubbles on my shower . While it never bothered me too much , I thought that product had strong fumes and probably was n't safe for my health . So I switched to Seventh Generation Shower Cleaner.How shocked was I when the first time I used it I felt burning in my nose and the back of my throat . I spent the next hour coughing . And no , I DID N'T inhale any of the mist . This product DEFINITELY has fumes and smells awful.Hoping it was a fluke -LRB- giving the product the benefit of the doubt , I hypothesized that it had released toxic chemicals that had built up in my shower -RRB- , I tried the product again a week later . SAME result . 45 minutes after using this product , I was still trying to clear the irritation in my nose and throat.As bad as I THOUGHT Dow Scrubbing Bubbles was , that product NEVER had this effect on my health . Seventh Generation Shower Cleaner is definitely NOT recommended .
 UNFORTUNATELY THE BATTERIES ARE THE WRONG SIZE SO I CAN NOT USE THEM.I WAS GIVEN THE WRONG INFORMATION SO THEY ARE NO GOOD FOR ME .
 I received my order and the pills were spotted and looked bad . I returned the order and received a replacement order . The second shipment was also bad . I gave up on wasting time trying to deal with this .
 I have been wearing this fragrance for over 20 years , since the new bottle has been introduced the scent is not the same , unless my bottle was mislabeled . I used to love this , but now I will always make them give me a tester before I buy
 I received the product in a different package as shown in your photo or as previously ordered and received . It is substandart and a poor imitation of the product I have previously received thru Amazon . I am very aengry to have to pay so much money for such a poor substitute in a similar packaging as the original product I had ordered . Someone seems to have imitaded the `` Opium '' I am familiar with for over 30 years !! .
 The image you see is not what you get . `` FRAUD '' I ordered what I saw in the image and what I received is the new junk that YSL is now calling Opium . This company `` Sal 's '' knows the difference because they also offer the `` new '' Opium from YSL shown in the bottle that I was sent . There is a vast difference in the scent . I have used the original Opium since 1978 and know the difference . I shopped on line because you can no longer buy the original in the stores.I am sure that Amazon will not allow its service to be used in this manner.Opium By Yves Saint Laurent For Women . Eau De Toilette Spray 1.6 OuncesThis is what I thought I would receive not what they sent so go online and look at the two Opiums but know that if you order from `` Sal 's '' you will be sent the `` new '' one not this . `` Fraud ''
 Like other reviewers , I am very unhappy with this new Opium formulation . We had no idea that it had changed . My wife has worn the original Opium for over 20 years but this new formula is different and smells cheap and lousy . DO NOT BUY if you like the original .
 My wife has loved Opium over the years but this product does not have the same odor or intensity . Maybe the perfume is better ? If you buy this product on line buy it from the manufacturer because if you do n't like it they told me they would make it right . However it is more expensive . If possible , probably the best thing to do is buy it at your local department store . You ca n't return it on line but you can locally.It would be helpful if Amazon were to explain up front that perfumes ca n't be returned and why !
 This mini was a big disappointment . It does not really smell like opium . Rather , it smells like a generic department store cologne . Do not waste your money , buy the real size .
 I thought this product was a `` dab on '' perfume -LRB- longer lasting aroma -RRB- , not a toilette spray . I coul n't be sure by the product description and the product is displayed in a box , not the actual perfume container . Very disappointed . Will have to return it for refund after Christmas .
 I ordered it - after hunting far too long online - for the sleek flat shape shown in the picture above . Instead , II received a short squat bottle . Nearly sent it back but could n't be bothered with the online return hassle .
 This item was so bad -- can not compare with real Opium by Yves Saint Laurent cologne -- why do you deal with companies which hose down your customers ? I shall stick with Kindle books and hope that I get what I pay for , although even that is questionable .
 I , too have worn Opium for over 25 yrs. , Now they have changed the formulation . It smells awful . Old adage
 It was way to uncomfortable to wear and I think the sizing is a bit small . Returned item with fast response .
 This product fitted very well at the top -LRB- waist & hip -RRB- however the right leg rolls up and becomes very uncomfortable and unwearable . The zipper is sturdy and the garment is easy to put on just the problem with the right leg.Maybe the legs should be longer .
 Fits well just do n't walk in it . The legs roll up if you do . It 's great for sitting around the house though .
 I have taken Ginkgo Biloba with Vinpocetine 60 mg softgels for years with no problem . But the company must have changed their formula . Now the minute you open the bottle , you are assaulted by an obnoxious smell , so bad that one of my family members gagged . In about 60 seconds the odor from the open bottle completely filled the room and we had to leave . The odor smells like dirty toilet . Bought another bottle with a different expiration date and lot number . Same result . I will never buy this product again .
 TruNature Ginkgo Biloba does NOT contain the standardized ginkgo extract , as it lacks 6 % Terpene Lactones -LRB- at least the bottle purchased through Amazon did not list it , but only listed the 24 % Ginkgo Flavonglycosides ; both together are the standard -RRB- . And this product contains a relatively higher amount of Vinpocetine than other brands , which is a periwinkle extract that might induce side effects such as reduced immune function and depleted catecholamine levels leading to depression -LRB- see wikipedia 's Vinpocetine article -RRB- . TruNature is a Costco product .
 I expected a natural product . They have different fragrances.Instead this is a scented salt with chemicals.May be the company changed the original natural formula of the old days long time ago.No thanks .
 I understand that this bath salt used to be natural . -LRB- i can not be sure -RRB- This product smells nice and contains synthetic coloring which I do not need or want .
 I expected a natural product . They have different fragrances.Instead this is a scented salt with chemicals.May be the company changed the original natural formula of the old days long time ago.No thanks .
 I understand that this bath salt used to be natural . -LRB- i can not be sure -RRB- This product smells nice and contains synthetic coloring which I do not need or want .
 $ 7.99 PLUS shipping for 100 oz . of this detergent ? Go to your local Wal-Mart and get it for under $ 5.00 .
 I expected a natural product . They have different fragrances.Instead this is a scented salt with chemicals.May be the company changed the original natural formula of the old days long time ago.No thanks .
 I understand that this bath salt used to be natural . -LRB- i can not be sure -RRB- This product smells nice and contains synthetic coloring which I do not need or want .
 I like the oil better than the pills . Love Dr.Udo 's and use it for everyone in my family daily . I prefer the 3-6-9 oil blend with DHA in its liquid form that you drizzle over food .
 I expected a natural product . They have different fragrances.Instead this is a scented salt with chemicals.May be the company changed the original natural formula of the old days long time ago.No thanks .
 I understand that this bath salt used to be natural . -LRB- i can not be sure -RRB- This product smells nice and contains synthetic coloring which I do not need or want .
 I understand the need to put an irritant in the scent to make you notice the smell , but this product has gone too far !! If you have any kind of allergies at all , do n't get this !! It gave me a stuffed up nose and a sinus headache . My boyfriend , who was sitting across the room from me , instantly got a stuffed up nose an red eyes when I came in to watch TV . If you use this product and your little kids act out-of-sorts a lot , it could very well be a headache from this product !!
 I bought this product for my granddaughter who used it for two weeks before she had an allergic reaction . We stopped using the product for 2 weeks and tried it again . Same results . The doc said her reaction was probably due to the methylparaben and propylparaben in the product . We had used Circle Of Friends - Bonitas Banana Detangler before and she did n't have any reaction . So back to what worked !
 I started out using the Nature 's Way Reishi Mushroom and decided since I take 6 per day that I would try to get a cheaper brand that had a larger quantity . Problems started right away though , my skin started breaking out within the first 3-4 days of switching to this brand , and I felt pretty nauseous . I gave it a month on these and now I am back to the Nature 's Way . Maybe it was the blend of mushrooms in this one that made me feel ill , but it definitely was a poor experience compared to the others that I started with . Would definitely recommend Nature 's Way with 10 % Polysaccharides . They have helped my skin , hair , and joints to feel better . I am 39 years old with early arthritis symptoms and I also have severe adult onset acne . The acne is almost gone since I 've been taking Reishi for 2 months now . and my general well-being has improved greatly .
 I was hoping this would offer some relief . There are many better natural remedies from others for much less cost that include Valerian and Melatonin . I would have to take 4-6 of these to have any effect compared to 1 of another brand whether it is Vitamin World or Vitamin Shoppe . Valerian is OK for a natural herb when it comes to helping one relax and melatonin is good for falling asleep , Clarocets problem is it lacks a sufficient amount of ingredients to do the job . The best solution for my sleep issues would be if the American government would take the Islamic threat on the USA and world more seriously , God knows the EU does n't at all , but with Obama for the next three years I do n't expect it to change .
 I appreciated the number of batteries , but even in the lowest drainage electronics , some did n't even last 30 minutes . There was no way of knowing how long they have been sitting before being purchased . By my guess , they rounded up all the expired batteries and sold them in large lots making it look like a good deal . Trust me , it was n't ! Do n't buy these and save your money . No value at any price !
 Firstly , a good portion the batteries were bad from the outset . Since the batteries are not well packages , after a while they were seperated from their packaging and so I put them in a baggie , big mistake , they all shorted out and discharged . Probably lucky I did n't start a fire.Not recommendedScott
 ProsLiposomal provides an excellent delivery system of the productConsthe dimethyl sulfones is a petroleum-based chemical that is delivered in the body along with the 15 % MSMOutcomeI threw the product away.RecommendationRemove the dimethyl sulfones and use 100 % MSM and you 'll have a REMARKABLE organic product !
 I bought this product to increase my breastmilk flow , as I read reviews of how it has worked for many others . It didn ; t work for me . I got it in a timely manner after ordering and nothing was wrong with the product , it just did not work for me .
 This product taste really bad , but it would n't be a problem if it actually worked . It did absolutely nothing for my milk supply and it actually gave me horrible headache and debilitating nausea and once in a while it made me dizzy . Mothers be warned , save your $ 25 bucks . I 'm currently taking Domperidone -LRB- 10mg/day -RRB- and it does wonders for my milk supply , although it does give me some mild side effects .
 It worked okay , but the Fenugreek seed pills have worked MUCH better for me . I read all the reviews before purchasing and it seems to work different for everyone . Just get the small size to try it before you commit to anything .
 this product was so gross . . i had to choke it down and it didnt help me produce more , though i followed the directions . . eventually i just had my doctor put me on reglan which was cheaper and actually helped lol so - no go . . just ask the doctor for something
 Oh Dear God in heaven , how anyone can swallow this vile liquid is beyond me . I am not a pansy and cant pretty much palate anything - but THIS ? This stuff should be on Fear Factor ! It is the most disgusting , horrible , vile tasting liquid I have ever had on my tastebuds . When my milk started slowing down I thought I could do anything for my baby to get it going again . Geeeesh , I was wrong . I took the first dose and felt like I was going to puke for the next 15 minutes . You arent supposed to have more than 1 oz of liquid after drinking it for 15 minutes so I tried a mint , piece of caramel , you name it and nothing worked to get rid of the taste . I took it 3 more times before I gave up . I came to dread the process . Each time I measured it out I felt like I was walking the plank . Even for the expense I paid , I will be gladly pouring it down the drain while I sing a happy dance . Stick with Fenugreek or Vitanica Lactation Support by Dt Tori Hudson . Both have worked well for me and are much cheaper and in pill form . I have taken the More Milk Plus in a capsule but didnt notice that much of an increase in my milk . So far Fenugreek has been my saving grace . AVOID THIS STUFF AT ALL COSTS . EW EW AND TRIPLE EW .
 Its a great idea . A place to put your hearing aid . The reason I got it is because the one that came with my actual hearing aid was too large . I could not find the deminsions of this product anywhere on the site . I even went to the actual site of the product . Still no dimensions . I ordered it anyway and took a shot since it was a fair price.Well it arrived and it is HUGE , still at work so cant give the actual measurements , but if I can log on later I will post them . Great idea , but they could have made it perhaps 1/3 the size.PS . I am using it anyway .
 Unfortunately , I was after the aftershave ... . Not the spray on Eau de Toilette.Guys , it 's critical to have the right photo for the items you sell.Also , why is it so damned hard to find quorum aftershave splash ?
 I could n't have had a worse choice for a scooter than the Buzzaround.If you are disabled and do n't have much strength in your legs and hands I advise you to forget about this scooter . Unfortunately all those sites that sell scooters do n't tell the truth and do n't post honest opinions of users , I know that because I sent in a negative review on this scooter to one of the major scooter suppliers and they did not post it.Putting this scooter together is nothing short of a nightmare even when someone else does it for you . The pieces have to be put down and once down , the fun begins .1 . It is a struggle to align and put the front and rear pieces together .2 . Putting the locking pin is major nightmare , it just does n't want to go in and you need a lot of strength to push it in .3 . Once that is done then you have to connect three battery electrical cables.Together with the battery cover , seat and tiller it is a 12 step process!the reverse process goes for disassembly with an added touch . Taking the plastic battery cover is very difficult , you need a screw driver or a key to separate it.FINAL NOTE
 While I have loved Burt 's Bees products for years , I would not sleep well at night if I did n't write this review/warning . I have very sensitive-to-the-sun lips and I thought I had found the promised land when I found Lifeguard 's Choice ! However , I used it for one day while on vacation in Puerto Rico and was sorry for the rest of the trip . I was burned to a crisp . I have since contacted the company to see if the product indeed contains SPF and sure enough it does not -LRB- as SPF compounds are not organic - understandably -RRB- . Though it never claims to contain SPF on the label , it does claim to be weatherproofing . I 'm not sure the title of `` Lifeguard 's Choice '' is quite accurate.I also find it disappointing and a bit misleading that when I did a search for `` lip balm spf '' on the Amazon search this product appeared . Careful Amazon.I still love Burt 's Bees - I just read the labels more carefully now . Lesson learned .
 when i got it yesterday the bottle was sealed right but when i took the cap off the other seal was broken and didnt even smell like pineapple . i wouldnt buy it again . so now i have to waste money buying a new product .
 To be fair i never tried i just did not like the ingredients if i am taking supplements i like to go for more natural ingredients not fillers
 My 14 month old has NEVER had a diaper rash till I ran out of our other cream and bought this . Giving it the benefit of the doubt , perhaps it was an allergy to something in the cream . However , we have used several other creams with no reaction , she had no change in diet , and was not actively cutting a tooth . After 2 days use , she had red welts all over her diaper area and we discontinued use immediately . After that , the rash cleared up and she 's been fine .
 My child had a horrible case of diaper rash with broken skin . I felt terrible for him and I did n't realize he was in pain from the burning he felt on his precious bottom when I applied this ointment . Putting this product on a baby with any broken skin is like pouring alcohol on a cut . Bad bad bad .
 This stuff is nearly impossible to clean from your hands . Think zinc sunscreen , but thicker ... I intended to use this for psoriasis -LRB- probably naive -RRB- , but it 'll just get all over my clothes . So , I 'm tossing it .
 My baby is allergic to this product . The smell stink . The color is too white . I have to pay the shipping fee .
 I was happy to switch to Burt 's Bees from Cal baby , because it was cheaper and worked well . It does n't spread as well though , it 's much harder . But even with using a liner every single time , after a few months of use , the diapers were showing the white streaks of the cream and the absorbency went way down , to the point of leaking several times a day . Sorry to switch back to Cal baby , but necessary !
 The consistency of this ointment is great , but we could n't take the scent of it . Very overpowering . We stopped using the product after three days .
 I just found an allergy alert for Burt 's Bees products . It 's shocking to see the number of potentially severe allergens in products they advertise as hypoallergenic . It is possible for these allergens to be absorbed topically and cause severe allergies in some . `` Burt 's Bees Baby Bee Diaper Ointment '' in particular contains almond oil as the main ingredient , along with beeswax - both allergens
 I received this along with the baby powder . I used the powder with no issues and I also purchased Burt 's Bees Bath and Shampoo and have not had any issues . The shampoo/body wash works great and smells pleasantly like honey . No reactions or allergies . However , when I used Burt 's Bees Baby Bee Diaper Ointment on my baby I found it greasy , sticky , and very odoriferous . My baby did not seem to mind , so I continued to use it.After several applications I noticed that her minor rash was becoming more and more angry . Having not changed her diet and she was not having diarrhea , I could not account for the worsening of her rash . I stopped using the ointment and started using A&D. ; Her rash cleared up in a day.I would not recommend this .
 Not a fan - I found the smell of this diaper ointment to be far too strong for my liking.Granted , I 'm not too partial to baby products with added fragrance , but this one was particularly offensive . Do n't get me wrong - I love the smell of lavender - just not on my kid 's butt.For what it 's worth , I really likeAveeno Baby Diaper Rash Cream , Fragrance Free , 3.7-Ounce Tube - fragrance free , and not a hint of diaper rash on my little man 's bottom in 3 months of using it .
 I love this diaper cream . It 's the best one we 've tried . However , this product page is misleading . It says you 'll pay `` $ 6.92 -LRB- $ 2.31 / count -RRB- '' which makes you think you 're getting three tubes . But you 're really only getting one tube . I was very disappointed to find only one tube in the package . The site should say `` $ 2.31 / ounce '' to be accurate . So it 's not that great of a deal . You 'll find this diaper cream much cheaper in other places .
 Do n't use this on your baby . We used it on a newborn and 6 hours of crying ensued . After a trip to the ER and the baby checked out fine it was determined that it had to be the diaper cream . It smells strongly of menthol . Lesson learned to stay with the tried and true Desitin or Boudreauxs . Very sad for a newborn and first time mother to have to endure . Burts should stay with what they know . The best part is that it was a gift and no cost -LRB- except the ER bill -RRB- and it 's now in the trash compactor .
 I could n't have had a worse choice for a scooter than the Buzzaround.If you are disabled and do n't have much strength in your legs and hands I advise you to forget about this scooter . Unfortunately all those sites that sell scooters do n't tell the truth and do n't post honest opinions of users , I know that because I sent in a negative review on this scooter to one of the major scooter suppliers and they did not post it.Putting this scooter together is nothing short of a nightmare even when someone else does it for you . The pieces have to be put down and once down , the fun begins .1 . It is a struggle to align and put the front and rear pieces together .2 . Putting the locking pin is major nightmare , it just does n't want to go in and you need a lot of strength to push it in .3 . Once that is done then you have to connect three battery electrical cables.Together with the battery cover , seat and tiller it is a 12 step process!the reverse process goes for disassembly with an added touch . Taking the plastic battery cover is very difficult , you need a screw driver or a key to separate it.FINAL NOTE
 This product will not stay in place no matter what ! Slides right down the leg . I tried several ways of keeping it in place . Save your money .
 Cheap plastic hand grip . I used this brush twice . The bristles began dropping out as if it was not meant to get wet . It dropped and the handle broke.Dont waste your money.P Coleman
 this product is a waste of the materials used to produce it . STAY AWAY.bristles fall out , handle unglues -
 1 . Handle is very short2 . Bristles are short3 . To short for shaving mug4 . It will work but will pay more for a better one .5 . You get what you you pay for .
 I used this brush one time and the bristles popped out of the plastic base that they have not been adequately secured within . They used an inferior type of glue that is brittle and not in adequate quantity to hold the bristles in the handle . The bristles go into the handle about 1/4 inch , and the small black ring in the image is beveled inward , forming a small ring of plastic that is designed to hold the bristles in with the adhesive that they used . The plastic handle is also hollow and the sticker that is on the outside in the image came off as I was using the brush.I highly recommend NOT purchasing this brush due to the lowest quality of manufacture possible .
 The product is made in China from cheap plastic . I have very disapointed . I guess more so in myself . I guess I get what I payed for . The bristles are falling out with the first use . If I could give negative 5 stars I would . I would not recomend this product to anyone . I guess I am looking for another brush . I have one suggestion for Amazon . Please require companies to be more transparent about where the products are made and what material they are made from .
 I bought this shaving brush in DC when I lost mine with my luggage . The first time I used it the base came off , but the hotel had some epoxy to reattach the handle . The third day , bristles started comming out . By the final day of my trip the brush was missing 40 % of the bristles . If you think about this brush lasting about a week , then it is very much more expensive than a better quality brush.A couple more dollars to attach the bristles and secure the handle and they could have a great inexpensive product . The quality was so poor that I am actually shocked to see that Amazon os allowing it to be sold on their site.Unless you want a onetime novelity item , avoid this `` Shaving Brush ''
 I will not recommend this brush to any one , the hair keep folin off when soaping the face , atthend of ten shves noting is left .
 I had an allergic reaction to one of the extra ingrediaents . Having taken saw palmetto for over 20 years , this version produced an itchy rash requiring treatments . Maybe Pygeum ? Or other . I tossed them out
 I suppose it 's an okay lubricant , but I wo n't be using it because neither my boyfriend nor myself like the taste . It 's obviously sugar-free , but I was n't expecting for it to taste so sugar-free . Usually sour-tasting things taste fine sugar-free , but the pink lemonade flavor is sweet in a nasty , sugarless kind of way and not sour at all . I ca n't say that no one will like it , but I would avoid it unless you love the taste of sugar-free candy .
 The consistency of this product is very sticky , or tacky within moments of putting it on your skin . Other than having a nice fragrance , it 's a useless waste of your money .
 I have used this product for years . This new formula is a big disappointment . I 'm estimating it takes about 30 % more of the new product to get the same taste as before . When I used my usual amount it was very bland tasting . Also when I add in the extra amount this new product has a `` chemical '' taste to it . Overall a big disappointment , maybe they will bring back the old formual .
 The new formula is not as good . You have to use more of the product to make it sweet and the new `` natural '' sweetener tastes like `` fake '' sugar . Not impressed . I wish they would go back to the other stuff . Now I have to find a new sports drink .
 I have used this product for years . This new formula is a big disappointment . I 'm estimating it takes about 30 % more of the new product to get the same taste as before . When I used my usual amount it was very bland tasting . Also when I add in the extra amount this new product has a `` chemical '' taste to it . Overall a big disappointment , maybe they will bring back the old formual .
 The new formula is not as good . You have to use more of the product to make it sweet and the new `` natural '' sweetener tastes like `` fake '' sugar . Not impressed . I wish they would go back to the other stuff . Now I have to find a new sports drink .
 This thing is a piece of crap . I have 3 other razors that are about 1/8 the price of this one , like the cheap-o ones you get at walgreens and they all out do this waste of space . I have to go over the same area up to a dozen times to get some of the hair sometimes . It is by far the worst shaver I have ever used . It is comfortable but it does not shave for crap
 I received this shaver as a Christmas gift , and returned it within a week . I have used Norelco shavers for 20 years , but this one is poorly designed . First , the trimmer is short and cuts your hair when you try to trim your sideburns . Second , the blades are not replaceable , so you have to replace the whole head assembly . Third , the cleaning system is bulky , and cumbersome . What ever happened to the simple Norelco technology
 Had used Norelco over the last 10 years . I have been very disappointed with the Arcitec razor . Takes longer to shave than previous models . The travel case should me more user friendly .
 I am a long time Norelco user . This one looks good but performs bad . Misses softer hairs and does not shave close . I had to shave with a blade at least once per week to supplement the Arcitec . You have to wash it very frequently because the reservoir for stubble is non existent . I went back to my old Norelco and will be hesitant to buy another . By the time I contacted Norelco to execute the warranty it was too late -LRB- warranty is 3 mo. . -RRB-
 I 've used Norelco for many years , but when I bought this new model I was very dissappointed . It simply does not shave as well or as quickly as any of my previous Norelco rotary models . It is a nice looking and feeling design , but seems to only cut near the center of the 3 heads . The heads also appear to have less clearance and pivot than previous models , and does not cut longer whiskers as well as older models . Furthermore , the trimmer on this one is a joke , no where near as good as on previous models . I got tired within a couple of weeks of it taking forever to get a mediocre shave , and decided to try another brand . I got one of the new Panasonic microscreen shavers , and could not be happier . Much closer shave , much quicker , cuts long whiskers , great trimmer , equally easy to clean .
 We currently own the Philips Norelco 7340 Men 's Shaving System and were Ok with the overall shaving experience . Then we got prompted to buy the Philips Norelco arcitec 1050 Men 's Shaver after we got influenced by the massive ad campaign of the new arcitec series from Philips . We went ahead and bought the same at $ 149 during holidays and were utterly dissapointed in the overall performance of the system . The biggest drawback is the tiny little trimmer , which is a joke and one does not realize it until one buy 's the product and opens it . Just cant imagine the stupidity of the designers and ca n't understand the simple reason as to why they would change a good size trimmer from previous versions to an obscure one which does absolutely nothing . The second drawback is that it gives massive razor burns and after few days I could not even use it on my neck at all . Most of the times I had to use a conventional razor with gel after I had used the Norelco . I found myself shaving twice as Norelco arcitec did not provide a close shave and it was quite annoying . The product is not even worth 25 % of its retail value as it does nothing but irritate the skin and mind . I wish Philips had spent money on designing rather than advertisements to offer a better product.We had to finally return the product back to amazon as I was not able to use it . Save your money with this one !!
 I would not recommend this product . I bought it for my fiance . It caused many razor burns and made skin breakout . His skin was irritated for a two days after and did not even get close to a smooth shave . Sorry , but I do not want to spend this kind of money , when he can get a clean smooth shave from a cheap razor . Product returned !
 I bought this thinking this work well , this was the second electric shaver I am using and I thought my beard was not very tough , especially with the razors and cream . However , I guess it is tough , as this shaver took forever to shave the easiest shaves . My neck would always have left over hair , which would mean that I would have to shave the way I normally did earlier with my razor and cream , so it does not make sense at all for me at least to buy this product and sadly , it does not work for me .
 For 30-years , I have shaved exclusively with Norelco shavers . They are the only brand that I 've used since I started shaving . This shaver has caused me to switch to the razor blade!When my old Norelco died , I was thrilled to see this technologically advanced shaver . I even watched the videos at the company 's website . Better yet , I was able to get a new one for only $ 66 on eBay . Then the fun ended.This shaver has three advantages
 Guys , This thing is way overpriced and simply does not deliver a `` breakthrough '' performance like Norelco claims ... . I have used the 1050 now for 4 weeks , and i have to make way too many passes with the thing to get my neck sufficiently . Which , in the process gives me more irritated skin after shaving . The sideburn trimmer really is bad , I am not nit-picking here.Either drop down a model and save some $ $ $ $ $ or go with a Panasonic . I have had like 3 Panasonics and they rock .
 I 've used Norelco for over 30 years and found the Arcitec to be
 I have been a Norelco user for over 20 years . Over that time , there have been some models that have worked and others that have n't . This one does n't . I really wanted to like this shaver . It looks so good and is advertised as their newest and best , but sadly , it 's not a shaver worth keeping . It looks great , feels good in your hand and is pleasantly quiet , but that 's it.It does n't shave that well and in fact misses more hair that it should around the neck . The floating moving heads are too soft to allow pressure to be placed under the neck where it 's needed and I often felt that I was going to break it as I pushed it under and around my neck to try -LRB- without much success -RRB- and cut the hairs under and to the sides of my neck.I have tried the Brauns and other electric shavers over the years to look for that next and best shaver . . I always end up back with Norelco , and sadly , this one was not a keeper for me.The floating head design -LRB- which attracted me to the shaver -RRB- was the thing that made it a poor shaver and despite wanting to like it , I returned it ...
 First new shaver I had in 10 years . I had the older version and enjoyed it.Got this one and the first thing I noticed was that the power cord would not directly fit into the shaver . You will always need one of the two plastic recharger fixtures to work for you to recharge it . Both appear to be cheaply made and will warp such that soon I would expect to not be able to use them . It is good they gave you two.Second thing I noticed was the angle of incline of the heads . It is right at a right-angle to vertical . The early model is near 45 degrees . This makes you have to hold it very differently.Third thing I noticed was the sound is a much higher pitch and is simply noisy.The fourth thing I noticed is that the heads a almost all plastic unlike the earlier version I have.You change the unit using two metal prongs on each side of the shaver . I am sure that these will corrode soon as will make additional problems with changing . Again no plug-in possible to the unit itself.The last thing I own to say is that the shave itself felt less smooth during shaving . It felt harsh and rough going over my skin.So back it goes to get one of the cheaper model -LRB- 8200 series -RRB- instead of their newer design that may look great but fall very short of the other design which now is the 8200 series .
 It was tough to decide whether or not to give this product one or two stars , but I gave it two because it does n't completely suck , it 's just not as good as other razors that are n't as expensive The manufacturer recommends waiting 21 days before deciding to keep this product or send it back . I would also give the same recommendation to people who are looking at purchasing this . I bought it because I needed to replace my old razor . My old Remington titanium R9710 was a good razor but it ripped the hair out of my neck area and left me with very irritated skin . The thing about my old razor is that it had floating heads and it handled long hairs pretty well if I was lazy and did n't shave . This new Arcitec worked very well when I first got it but I really wanted to try it out and only had stubble on my face at the time . It worked very well with short hairs and left me with no irritated skin on my neck.Well I wanted to see what it would act like if I let my hair grow a little and it did not perform like I thought it would . It took a long time to shave and I had to go over the area multiple times in multiple directions and with different pressures just to get a few long hairs . This new head style has really been a downgrade because when you apply pressure , the heads seem to pull away from your face on the outside part of it and it makes it harder to shave . It was either that or the fact that it does n't have a hair collection area . It fills up with hair rather quickly so maybe that has an impact on how well it shaves . Cleaning the unit was very simple but I think I would have the cleaning system of one of the speed XL models over this . You have to pop open three separate chambers rather than flip the whole head up to clean each blade . A nice feature of this razor is the tube trimmer . You can take the razor head right off and pop out the trimmer . There really is n't much else to say about the trimmer other than I thought it worked great.Overall , this is a very nice looking razor , but the functionality of the razor itself is pretty bad . It does come with a nice travel case and charging stand as well . The travel case is made of hard plastic and does not have room for the charger , but it does have the capability to charge the razor , so you do not need to bring along the charging stand . If you want to try this product I would say go for it because Norelco has such a generous return policy and maybe you will like it better than I did . If you think you like the functions of this razor but really are n't sure about it , I would not recommend it because it does n't work like I think a razor should -LRB- it takes a long time to shave and it does n't work well on longer hairs -RRB- . It looks nice and has nice features , but I think its functionality is n't worth the high price tag .
 This is my fourth Norelco electric shaver , and frankly I 'm totally disappointed in it . After 20 minutes of shaving , I just have to give up . I have a medium-to-light beard , and this shaver wo n't shave me . At first , I thought it would take awhile to acclimate to my beard , but after trying for several months now , I 'm giving up and going back to my old Norelco Spectra which works fine thank you . When I contacted Norelco they were of no assistance
 Outdated battery technology -LRB- 1050x , 1060x , 1090x -RRB- : If you leave the razor in it 's charging bay when its fully charged you will deplete the battery live . The manual also states not only should the razor not be left in the charger but it should be charged when the razor is nearly empty or you shorten the battery life.This is a problem is you purchase the 1050x model as you will not know when the battery is empty until it 's stops running.The other problem is the battery can not be easily replaced in any of the models.The 1090x costs as much as an ipod so I would expect it to at least have an intelligent charging system.Charging pod and charging stand : Why do I need two charging systems ? I would prefer to have a stand and a way to connect the cord directly to the razor.Leave out the pod and give me a battery charging system all together . My toothbrush has a more thought out charging system . Ever hear of contact-less charging ? Might be a good idea for something that gets wet.Poor design -LRB- 1050x , 1060x , 1090x -RRB- : If the engineers would actually use this razor they would notice that removing the abaility for you to connect the razor directly to the charging cable is a problem . How many times have you had to get to work and the razor had a low battery ? Sometimes you need to use the shaver will it 's plugged in.The only way to use it when the battery is dead is to hold it in the charging bay while trying to shave.Noise : This unit is louder than the old -LRB- 9170XL -RRB- style units . This is n't really a problem but I would think that is something they would improve from razor to razor.Shaving quality : I did n't notice much difference between this unit and the old -LRB- 9170XL -RRB- style when it comes to the quality of the shave . You still need to go over the same areas multiple times . The head design is very similar to the old -LRB- 9170XL -RRB- one so I did n't expect much difference.Options : There are n't any . At least that I know off . The Braun shavers do n't provide as good as a shave from my experience so I 'm stuck with this crap . The only reason I got this new one in the first place was because the 9170XL I have broke -LRB- plastic piece of the head broke of because of cheap design -RRB- . Can someone please design and build a better electric razor?If you have to get one go for the next model up 1060x . 1090x is not worth the money .
 The good news
 I have shaved with electric razors all my life . When my old Remington shaver 's battery started to die I decided to change for a new razor . This was the coolest looking so I got it . Unfortunately it only works for that - looking cool in your sink . It gives you the absolutely worst shave have ever gotten with an electric razor . Read most of the 5 star review they only praise the looks . My single blade electric shaver works better . Even with multiple passes it wo n't give you a close shave . Useless . I changed the blades thinking that may be the issue but it works the same.It has other design problems . For example you can not charge the razor unless its on the stand or in its case . The case is VERY bulky to travel with.I have never written a review on Amazon , but this product is so bad I had to do something !!
 I have used electric shavers for many years . It seemed that the design of this product should yield a better shave than traditional designs but it did not
 I have been using electric razors since 1962 . Most have been Norelcos . I purchased the Arcitec 5 months ago and stopped using it 2 months ago . The first week I was reasonably satisfied with the new razor and the closeness of the shave . Then I skipped a day of shaving and had a very difficult time getting the longer hairs to cut . I found that after two days I had to use a disposable razor to shave . The Arcitec wo n't shave long thin neck hair either , so I have to use the straight razor there as well . After the second week I found I had to scrub my face with the razor to get a good shave . After the forth week on that blade I could not get a good shave . I was cleaning the razors hair daily and washing the razor weekly . The instructions said to wash it regularly . I purchased a new blade and washed the razor every day . The trimmer would not cut nose or ear hair and it left the side burns so long that the regular razor cutting head could not trim them smooth . Now my side burns also required the use of a different razor . After one month with the second blade , it also would not give a close shave . I purchased a third blade and for 3 weeks I got a decent shave but still with the above issues requiring the use of a straight razor . By the end of the third week on the third blade I was having trouble again getting a close shave . These blades were costing me more that one dollar a day to shave and giving a poor shave at the three week mark . I have since gone back to using disposable twin blade razors now.After reading some of the positive reviews ; I do n't understand why their experiences can be so radically different than mine . If I got a lemon ok , but I put three different heads on that Norelco and all had the same results . I do n't have an unusually tough beard and have not ever had any problems like this with any of my other Norelcos . That 's almost 40 years . One thing I can say is
 I own this shaver and wish I would have taken it back but waited too long . Its the worst shaver Norelco has ever made . It does n't cut good and leaves hairs everywhere . Plus , it leaves a mess all over your clothes as the heads can barely collect all the trimmed hairs . I had to switch back to my Norelco Spectra razor , which was n't great but did the job better than this Arcitec razor . The best shave I got was after I changed the blades out but only lasted a month . I hear good things about Braun foil shavers and will probably purchase one of these . Do n't waste your money !
 I 've always used an electric shaver . So when my last one needed replacing , I decided to get a really good one . Boy , did I make the wrong choice . It gives a barely acceptable shave if you shave every day . If you skip a day , forget it ! It will take forever to shave . And forget doing your neck , it just wo n't take off the hair . The little half inch wide trimmer is a joke . And make sure you shave BEFORE you put on a shirt , because you 'll be wearing all the hair it does n't seem to hold in.Rotten product , ca n't believe I fell for the hype , and ca n't believe I have to buy a new shaver .
 If you are a road warrior you better keep your old razor . Do n't be fooled by the Aritec 's sleek appearance , the hardshell travel case for the Arcitec is big . You will not be able to throw this in a breifcase and go . Even the countertop charging stand is big.And bring a scissors ; the tube clipper is ineffective . It is concealed behind the large rotary heads , even when it is extended it is nearly impossible to use . It can only be used in odd angles in order to see what you are trimming . For example , I sometimes trim hair growing over my ears - but not with the Arcitec - you ca n't trim in that direction.On the plus side - the shaving head is very good and offers a nice close shave . It says in the manual that you have to use this razor for a while to get used to it . I had no trouble adjusting to the shave , but the jury is out on the other aspects of what makes a good electric razor . Recommendation - unless you just like the novelty and asthetics - look for a more practical razor .
 This a very poor product . It does not shave close . The head lasted about two months and I was told by a Philips agent that the head was not covered by the warranty but I could get a $ 5 rebate if I bought a replacement head . Since I could not shave without a replacement I bought a replacement head . This one lasted one month before not working . Also Philips did not honor the rebate . I have bought a Panasonic shaver which shaves much closrt and has lasted much longer . Good luck if you buy a Norelco arcitec 1050 .
 I have owned a number of Norelco razors , but this one is a dud . First of all it would n't cut anything beyond one days stubble , Second it quit charging and is now worthless .
 I have owned several other Norelco Razors in the past and this one just does n't work as well . It gives you a very uncomfortable shave , misses areas all together , and does n't work nearly as good as their previous razors . Also - you basically have to clean it every day which is an awkward process because you have to individually lift each razor head and wash it out . Fortunately , this razor got lost on a cross country flight so I am now forced to spend money on something else . Sadly - good riddance !
 I 've owned 4 Norelco 's over 15 years and each new one is worse than the last one . This latest Arcitec with its lack of replacable blades is why this company should go under . Stop buying their stuff .
 I started out liking this razor even though it did leave me with razor burn I was not accustomed to with other electric razors . However one I replaced the heads it was never the same since . The heads never stay in after you pull them out the first time -LRB- as instructed by the mfg. instructions -RRB- to replace them . I ca n't get through a shave anymore where the heads do n't just pop off the razor . It is extremely frustrating and I will never waste my money on another Norelco product . If I could have given this a 0 stars I would have .
 I have it for over 3 years now and even after all the marketing hype and mixed reviews I got it but unhappy with it . The best I ever had was a panasonic and I will get one next . This just looks good but shaves are not very good
 I bought this razor on Sept. 11th 2010 and it died this morning . No lights , no charge , nothing . I do n't recommed this product , obviously .
 This razor is very comfortable . The pivoting heads conform to the lines of my face quite well , however the razor leaves many long hairs behind . I need a close shave for my work , and what this provides is unacceptable .
 I received this Norelco as a gift when it first came on the market . It replaced my older Norelco , which was the 2nd Norelco I owned , so this makes # 3 . -LRB- # 2 was great and nothing wrong with it - it just seemed nice to upgrade to the latest and greatest . -RRB- With a very cool design , nice grip and feel , and nice plastic travel case , I really wanted to like it . Frankly I was pretty convinced by the marketing , which claims that it 's the closest shave ever , etc etc. . Over several months , as my frustrations grew , I finally realized something
 I 've always been a fan of Norelco razors but this model is terrible . It does n't remove hair from your face no matter how many passes you make . I used an older model Norelco for many years and never had a problem getting a close shave , so I was very disappointed in this `` higher end '' model . How can Norelco sell a razor that simply does n't work . On top of this , the chambers do n't hold hair clippings so they shoot out of the razor and all over the user . I would advise not to buy this model .
 I have owned this razor for about 18 months and it does n't live up to it 's promise . It works okay but for the price , I 'd stick with my old Norelco with the half micro-screen style . I do like that you can rinse this one under water and the battery seems to hold up well . I actually think I can shave with a normal bic razor & shaving cream just as fast as I can with the arcitec , though and most of the time I need to run one of those over the spots on my neck that the arcitec misses . Overall , not worth the extra money .
 First time I 've ever wasted time writing a review , but I HATE this razor . The small hair collection chambers fill up and this thing spits hair all over the sink - gross . One of the blades broke -LRB- admittedly after a year of use -RRB- but I ended up slicing up my face . Thumbs down Norelco ... BG
 I 've owned this shaver for about 5 days now and I get disappointed about my purchase day by day due to the following reasons
 I am 59 years old , I have used norelco electric razors for at least 35 years maybe longer . This arcitec is the most expensive and the most worthless piece of crap I have ever bought . It does n't deserve to carry the norelco label . They must of forgot to try this one out before putting it on the store shelf . All I can say is SHAME ON NORELCO , I will never buy another norelco product , because I am might be taken to the cleaners again ...
 I have been a loyal Norelco user since I was 21 . My grandfather was a Norelco user and he was my idol , so while I had braved the cuts and waste of money and time of creams and razors-and yes they are closer shaves for a lot more money-and blades that cost about same as gasoline , I have always felt that if I shower first to soften my tough beard , then let my beard dry a bit , the Norelco was almost as good as a blade . Not with this baby . I was devastated that my wife gave me this requested gift and could not get it at Costco -LRB- now I know reason -RRB- and found that I had to go back to my 8270 xl in order to complete my shave under my nose , on my cheeks and on parts of my neck.First off the heads do not float and the triple head which I expected to give and get into places where i normally have to go over again actually is firmer and makes me have to repeat 3 , 4 argg 5 times . Then I found short blond peach fuzz left on my face like women 's facial hair-what is with that-am I becoming mutant ? Nope , the old Norelco got rid of it right away . I was always concerned when Phillips bought this company that they would try to make the razor more of a Phillips style razor and I did notice incorporations on the 8270 but they made it better . I FIND i I use the 8270xll to shave then if I touch up in a few areas with the arcitec I can get closer in a few spots but i idid not fork over 140 bucks for a touch up trimmer . And what is with the trimmer , you can not trim anything or cut your hair with this trimmer-you can not even see what you are doing should you want to do a quick side burn or sides of your hair trim as with other Norelcos . As I ordered from a far away discounter and I tried the usual month thinking maybe my beard had to change again in some odd way to make this work -- i noticed they sell one that comes with a Nivea dispenser-maybe will try that but for now this is just a total loss IMHO-not even sure to buy replacement blades as I just ordered the HQ9s for the 8270xl . I now see they have 2 newer versions that look like this and the latest has better reviews . I think as a fair courtesy Phillips Norelco should offer all arcitec owners a 50 percent off if they trade in their old arcitec for the new one as I feel totally ripped off , almost angry enough to switch to Braun but i fear my face would be ripped off . . alas Norelco my old co. what happened ? My grandpa is shedding a tear in heaven-a family tradition may be broken if this keeps up . .
 First , I just returned a Norelco 1050X -LRB- $ 190 -RRB- after seeing almost no difference in shave between it and the Remington R-5130 . I 've never had the quality problems some mention below with the 5130 . Does the 1050X seem better built ? Only slightly , not an extra $ 135 though -LRB- I 'm not take by the woven carbon fiber look -RRB- . I like the way the Remington charges , unlike the Norelco where I need to get the stand out , plug it in then set the shaver in the stand . And a BIG issue with the Norelco was you can NOT leave it plugged it . So I guess Norelco expected me to leave work to go home and unplug after an hour or 2 then return to work!Some folks below complain about the size of the 5130/7130 series . Personally -LRB- here we go again -RRB- the Norelco 1050X is too small for a `` normal '' sized hand . The size of the 5130 is just about right . The Norelco felt like I was holding my toothbrush.And most imported is the quality of shave , which I am very happy with . Remington hangs with the Norelco products just at a much lower price . I 'm 44 and having been shaving for over 2 decades , been through many units . And , have always returned to Remington as Norelco products never did any better for the extra cash .
 I have been a longtime user of electric shavers , having settled on Norelco as providing the best for my needs . But along comes this slick new Norelco Arcitec with its sleek looks and amazing seemingly floating shaving heads . It looks like it can just slip-slide across your chin and neck with the greatest of ease . Well , is n't it supposed to cut , too ? Since I got mine at Xmas , it 's been trying to equal my last regular electric Norelco -LRB- Spectra 8892 XL -RRB- , but falling way short . I mean , really , it just does n't cut it . I 've had to return to my old Norelco for a truly close shave . Come on , Norelco , you used to be a contender ! Too much style and no substance ! And it 's hard to clean , too . Is there any way I can return this and get my money back ? Please !?
 I bought this product based on the hype , the review , & the good name of the manufacturer.Unfortunately this product did not live up to expectations . First , it took twice as longto shave . Second , it left my face mutilated , irritated , & scratched . To get a close shaveI had to go over & over the same spots.I 've used the shaver three times . I 've gone back to my straight edge . I only wish therewas an electric that was efficient & effective .
 3 months after purchasing the 1050X , I can not shave with these heads . I called Norelco and got a letter back stating that I had to request a refund with 45 days . The razor runs OK . The problem seemed to be the heads . I would have been pleased to get new heads . I have used Norelco shavers for at least 40 years and this is the first the heads have failed so quickly .
 I 've owned Norelco shavers for decades . It 's the only brand of electric shaver I 've ever had . But this one is making me reconsider and switching . It 's a very attractive looking razor . But I buy based upon shaving effectiveness and this one fails in a couple of areas.If you 're like me , and occasionally skip some days , your face is going to look as though you were hung over when you shaved , with clumps all over the place . Anything longer than tough stubble is not going to be cut by this razor . It just ca n't cut hairs . I have to use the so-called trimmer to get those off , going up and down , back and forth nipping off hairs so that I can then shave the remaining stubble off . And that 's about the only thing the trimmer is good for . It 's much too small to properly trim your side burns . Lastly , if you use this razor , be sure to stand over the sink when you shave . That 's because not all the stubble will go into the razor . You 'll find some in the sink , or wherever you 're standing , before you ever go to clean the razor .
 I read with interest , the most favorable review for this shaver . This person mentioned that this is their first electric shaver after a lifetime of using blades . I guess if that is the case , the reviewer does n't have much to compare this product with . Having had previous Norelco models as well as a Remington and a couple Brauns ... I have a bit more actual experience with competing products.A few years back , we bought a second home . We decided to stock our vacation home with everything needed so that we would not have to carry luggage and we could just head to an airport and go . I had used Norelco shavers for a number of years . About 10 years ago , my wife bought me a Braun 7 series shaver . What a difference . It gave me a much smoother and closer shave with less chafing and discomfort . I was n't and still am not impressed with the so-called cleaning system that Bruan has designed . But the shaver itself was terrific . About 2 years ago , the battery in my beloved Braun started to fail . So I bought a new 790CC Braun Shaver . This one was even better than the first . So as we gathered things to take to our second home , I asked my wife to pick up another Braun shaver . The 790CC is not an inexpensive product . So my thrifty wife , knowing I had used Norelcos in the past , picked up the Arcitec shaver on sale.What a disappointment ! To be honest , I ca n't find anything that is a distinct positive about this product . Let me organize my thoughts just a bit ... 1 . Size - The shaver head is just too big . It is hard to maneuver in tight areas such as at the upper lip and nose . Requires using the trimmer to get acceptably close .2 . Performance - I do not have a heavy beard . I find that 24 hours of growth is the limit for this shaver . If your facial hair is allowed to grow for any longer than that , the shaver will not cut it . If you have a heavy beard , this shaver simply wont do the job .3 . Cleaning - The heads clog very quickly . Once they do , the shaver will not cut at all . The Braun by comparison , can usually go a week before cleaning .4 . Trimmer - As others have said ... Small and in an awkward position . It 's foolish to suggest that the shaver head should be removed to facilitate trimming . Better to suggest that the Phillips/Norelco engineers should take a crack at a better design.I have used this shaver intermittently for the last two years . My older Norelcos were far better than this one . So that being said , I finally decided enough is enough and ordered another Braun from Amazon .
 i bought this shaver for over $ 100 , my 5th Norelco . I bought it for the `` space age '' look . After using it for a year I bought a $ 35 Norleco at Walmart and got a better shave . The Norelco arcitec did not give me a close shave unless I spend many minutes going over and over the same places . This is the worst of the many Norelco that I have owned . I looks good but the shave is terrible . Save your money and buy a Norelco that is less expensive and gives you a better shave .
 And that does n't only go for razors . This thing is the worst purchase of any kind I 've ever made inmy entire life . Nearly $ 200 worth of junk.I 've used nothing but Norelco razors since I was 15 years old . That is well over 25 years now . I ` vebought more than 10 different Norelcos over the years . I had not and would not even considerbuying any other brand of razor . Some were better than others , but none even begins to compareto this piece of junk . The then 10 year old razor I got as a hand-me-down when I was 15 shaved100 times better than this piece of crap ever did.I 've always bought the top of line Norelco whenever something new and `` better '' came out . Thispiece of crap was no exception . Oh how great they made it look on the commercials all over theTV . The wonder shaver of shavers , they claimed . Just read the company description here on thispage . It is all lies.Now I 'm not all haired up like a gorilla or anything . I have just normal thickness of hair andgrowth . I usually shave every day and with every other Norelco I 've ever owned I could get thejob done in less than 3 minutes . Using this hunk of junk it takes well over 15 minutes of rubbing , scrubbing , and shoving this thing around trying to get it to work . I 've tried stretching my skin sotight that the skin on my neck was pulled up to my earlobe and it still does n't cut the hair . I ` vetried going back and forth , up and down , around in circles , clockwise , counter clockwise , everything imaginable and no matter how you do it , this piece of junk just does not shave.Even with brand new blades this razor misses about 1 in 10 hairs on my neck . And when I say itmisses them , I mean it completely misses them . They are not cut at all . It misses about twice asmany under the jaw line . And all of this is after 15 + minutes of shaving ! So much for their line of `` even on the neck '' . Oh and do n't worry , no one will be able to miss that you look like you had a blindfolded 3 yearold give you 10 second shave . I can assure you that after nearly half an hour of ramming andscrubbing this thing around on your neck , it will have a nice red glow for about 2 or 3 hours thatjust screams `` hey look at my 15 minute halfass shave '' . And I do not even have sensitive skin.If you plan to use the pop up trimmer it is as big of a joke as the rest of the razor . It is about halfan inch wide and while it does work better than the rest of the razor it sounds like a wood chipperwhen it is cutting . Think I 'm joking ? Just get one and try it . The first time I used it I actuallyyanked it away from my neck . It did n't pinch or cut me but the sound of it made me think that ithad.Oh and do not let me forget , you also get the pleasure of stopping and emptying the hairchambers at least twice during each shave . If you fail to do this it cuts even worse -LRB- if such a thingis possible -RRB- because this razor effectively does not have a place to store what hair it does manageto cut . There are 3 individual hair `` chambers '' on the razor . One for each cutting head . They fillup very quickly and then begin to puke the cut hair all over whatever you are standing over whileyou are `` shaving '' . Now after you clean the bathroom sink -LRB- or wherever you were -RRB- of all the puked hair , you still getto clean the razor . Do n't worry , it is just as easy as running it under the faucet , right ? That is whatthey claim . Simply running it under the facet works for a few times but that does not geteverything out of the razor and it builds up over the course of a few days.Now the geniuses that made this piece of junk cleverly decided to make the cutting head all onepiece . Unlike every other Norelco I 've ever owned you can not take the cutters out of the combsand clean them . They are made as all one piece . You can not even take the cutter and comb out ofthe head , everything is all molded together . All you can do is stick the cleaning brush that theygive you -LRB- which is as big a piece of junk as the razor -RRB- in behind the cutters and try to scrape outwhat you can while spinning the cutter around and around . I quickly wore out the the cleaningbrush they supplied and started using a stiff bristle toothbrush instead . That does n't work verywell either but it is much better than what they give you.I 've tried many different ways of cleaning the heads of this thing and the best way I came up withwas to use a container with a sealable lid and fill it halfway with very hot water . Spray somecleaner on the head and put it in the container of water and shake it around as hard as you can fora couple of minutes . I used foaming bathroom cleaner to clean it . Worked well . Might as well usewhat you have and with this razor you are going to use a lot of that anyway to clean up all of thepuked hair.Lastly , if while shaving you are unfortunate enough to get anywhere near to the hair on your headwith this wonder machine , it will suck it up like a Hoover from 3 inches away . Ca n't cut the hairon your face and neck to save its life but it will grab hold of your hair from 3 inches away a suckit into the cutters . Now with the other Norelcos I 've had that was never too much of a problem.You just take the cutter and comb apart and take the stray hair out , but remember this wasdesigned as a single piece so you do not get to do that . I 've spent 5 minutes many times , fishing asingle head hair out of one of the cutters.So in conclusion , just how bad is this razor?After a year of all of the above I have just completely had it with the piece junk . And like I said , I 've neverowned any other brand of razor , but I feel completely lied to , cheated , and ripped off by this razorand Norelco . My solution
 I bought this shaver approximately 6 months ago . From day 1 the razor performed badly . It is very , very slow to cut on 1 day growth -LRB- for me -RRB- and virtually does n't work at all on 2 or 3 day growth . My facial hair is not that hard to cut either . I have replaced the blades a number of times - they are expensive - with no improvement.The trimmer is a joke and also hardly works.I just bought a Panasonic ES8043SC Pro-Curve razor as a replacement - it works great - I am on my way to trash can after writing this review to dump the Philips razor - an expensive waste of money.Philips - shame - shame ...
 The razor worked great on the beard on my face , but NOT AT ALL on the hair that grows under my chin ! Like all other razors I have tried , it left an unpleasant rash and did not clip the hairs closely .
 It 's one of the coolest electric razors I 've seen . I bought the 1060 which is the same thing as this one except the display . I could n't wait to get this one . I love Norelco 's products . I bought this shaver and tried it for a couple of weeks and found it delivers a really harsh uncomfortable shave with lots of razor burn which I never got from my other Norelco . I think one reason for the harsh shave is that it does n't have the floating heads anymore that easily give to the contours of your face , this seems to plow into curves instead and you also do n't get the range of pivoting that the previous models have -LRB- I noticed this did n't surround my Adams Apple like my 9160XL does it sits flat on it -RRB- . It gives a decent shave but not a great shave like I was hoping and you have to go over areas many times . I think who ever designed this razor just went for how sleek and cool they could make it look and the function came second . You can get as good of shave with a 8140XL SpeedXL which has the same cutting head technology and gain the comfort and save $ 120 . It just wo n't look as cool on your counter . I 've sent mine back and I just bought a Braun Pulsonic 9595 and it 's the best shaver I 've ever owned . Sorry Norelco but when I spend $ 200 dollars I just do n't want something that looks good I want it improved too .
 I 've been using Norelco shavers my entire life with good results . But this new generation of aritec shavers are awful ! I do n't shave everyday and the blades on this razor are not cable of cutting longer whiskers . Anything longer than a five o clock shadow and this razor ca n't handle it . I addition this model is messy ; there is no chamber for the the clippings fall into . Thus your shirt , the floor and counter will be covered with clippings . Also on the downside , the side-burn trimmer is completely inadequate ; it too tiny to be functional . I returned this model and bought Norelco 's cheapest model the 7110x and its infinitely better for only a fraction of the price !
 I purchased the 1050 to replace my old Phillips Quadra 6865 which needed new heads and rechargeable batteries . I am really disappointed with the results from this shaver . As other reviewers point out , this razor is very harsh on my skin and in fact the third time I used it it gave me a bad case of razor burn in my adams apple area that resulted in scarring -LRB- since healed -RRB- . I now am very careful when I use it and this results in it taking longer to shave than my old razor . It can give me a smooth shave but it requires care and patience . I feel that the 1050 is a step backwards for Phillips . In the end I replaced the batteries and heads on my old Quadra and use it more than the 1050 . I would recommend that if you are buying this shaver , make sure you can return it if you need to . One final thing . Several reviews here complain about the shaver head catching their hair when using the trimmer on sideburns . The manual tells you to remove the shaving head when using the trimmer .
 It 's one of the coolest electric razors I 've seen . I bought the 1050CC . I could n't wait to get this one . I love Norelco 's products . I bought this shaver and tried it for a couple of weeks and found it delivers a really harsh uncomfortable shave with lots of razor burn which I never got from my other Norelco . I think one reason for the harsh shave is that it does n't have the floating heads anymore that easily give to the contours of your face , this seems to plow into curves instead and you also do n't get the range of pivoting that the previous models have -LRB- I noticed this did n't surround my Adams Apple like my 9170XL does it sits flat on it -RRB- . It gives a decent shave but not a great shave like I was hoping and you have to go over areas many times . I think who ever designed this razor just went for how sleek and cool they could make it look and the function came second . You can get as good of shave with a 9170XL SpeedXL which has the same cutting head technology and gain the comfort and save $ 120 . It just wo n't look as cool on your counter . Sorry Norelco but when I spend $ 200 dollars I just do n't want something that looks good I want it improved too . I talked to the Corp. office , in regard to this . Their Demanor was `` it is the finest razor we have ever made '' . VERY UNTRUE.I have used Norelco for many years , -LRB- I am 71 -RRB- This is the WORST razor I have ever owned . Bar None
 Not much better than the conventional old style Norelcos without the `` neck . '' And , worse , must clean after each use , and it is 3X harder to clean because you have to individually open three compartments , using two fingers , after every use or two , compared to the old style where you can just flip it open , easily , with your thumb and clean it every week or two . That is many hours extra work , over the course of a year or the shaver 's lifetime . Not worth the extra trouble .
 I am a Norelco shaver user for at least 20 years . I bought this Arcitec shaver when my old shaver 's batteries died . and threw it away . I should have spend the money no matter the cost because now every time I shave I get mad . It leaves hair all over my neck and face . The trimmer is a minuscule idiocy with the head in the way . So it is of no help . Today I used the travelling shaver that came as a bonus with the Arcitec to try to cut the hair on my neck and face that the arcitec always leave untouched . Buy a shaver using razor blades instead of buying this horror dreamed by some retarded `` designer . ''
 Received this shaver as a present last year . The booklet says that the head should last six months ; it does n't . I still have several older Norelco models for comparison , one in my travel case , and one in my RV . The older two , overall work better . The new Norelco is lighter than the others which seems to require pressing harder with it to get a closer shave . The built-in trimmer is small and effective . For this old guy it even works on eyebrows and nosehair -LRB- I know , gross ! -RRB- . Pros : Sleeker , more style.Trimmer works well.The complete head is changed for a new , one piece , bladed head ; takes seconds to change.Cons : Expensive , by comparison with other models currently available.Doesn ' t shave as close unless one presses very hard and shaves longer . Takes longer to get a good , close shave.Charger does n't fit in travel case.Replacement heads do not last the stated six months ; three months is more like it , and they are pricey.Still a fan of Norelco , but not the newest model of this type .
 The grouping of the three blades is to large . The blades need to be smaller in diameter to cover less area on the face . Also , the quality of construction using more plastic indicates that you are forcing your customers to purchase new shaving heads on an annual basis . The shavers you made twenty years ago were of better quality .
 This shaver shaves well . But I never had a shaver that got dull so quick . Expect to pay yearly for new heads . I had to switch back to my old razor after a year using this shaver since this one would not cut anymore . I 've looked to buy the heads locally and have n't found anybody who stocks them.Bottom line . I would not recommend this shaver unless you like to throw money at it every year . It is like buying a printer and end up paying a lot of money for constant ink refills.My previous shaver is a Norelco too . Much more durable .
 I bought this shaver 18 months ago because I wanted to `` treat '' myself . While the shaver looks good , it has NEVER delivered a close shave-not even a decent shave . I shave over an area for a minute or so and I 'm not even sure I have shaved . I found a nice little Panasonic wet-dry shaver on Amazon that gives me a nice close shave and costs $ 30 or 1/4 of what I paid for the Phillips shaver-shame on you Phillips for selling a shaver that should just be a desk sculptue , but should never be used .
 This is a complete waste of money ! As others state , it is not able to deal with hairs on the neck , and takes twice as long as the other Philips shavers i used in the past . The chamber has space for one shave only . If you forget to empty after each shave , the contents are nicely distributed over your face and the area below . I wish i had returned it soon after purchase , I shall be throwing mine away now .
 I 've always been a big fan of Norelco . My last Norelco lasted 14 years and gave a pretty decent shave the whole time . I replaced a few batteries and quite a few cutters , but overall it was great.Not true of this one . On the positive side , the mechanism they designed for this is very clever . In theory it should follow the contours of your face really well . It 's a good looking shaver , too . Very cool blue LEDs and all that . But the shave is poor . I go over and over the same area and it just does n't get everything . It 's not even like you need to touch your skin to assess the closeness ; you can SEE that it 's not getting stuff , even if you do it over and over again . Norelco says to keep using it , that performance gets better with time , but I 'm not seeing it and I 'm past the 30-day return period now.In short , this is really a sub par shaver , and the price for this poor performance is high . I would strongly suggest looking elsewhere . If you do buy it , realize that the performance after 8 weeks is not going to be any different than the performance after 3 , and return it if you do n't love it . This is just way too much to spend on a shaver that , in my opinion , works little better than a toy .
 After reading all of the bad reviews on this new Norelco shaver , I swore I was not going to buy this unit.Well , a few months ago I realized my local stores did n't stock my HQ5 Norelco replacement blades anymore and I about had a heart attack . Oh , darn , I am now being forced to upgrade and I was quite happy with my current shaver.I have had a Norelco 5885XL for the past 13 years . I love this unit and it suits me well . This only noteworthy things about this old unit is that I have had to have the batteries replaced only two times , but this is normal since they wear out every 6 years or so.Here is my 1050x review . . it was painful to write , but here goes . . -- This is a noisy shaver folks . . I graduated to a 5885XL a long time ago and was surprised of the whisper quiet shave it delivered . The 1050x is about 2-3 time noisier than my 15 year old Norelco , WTH ? This is not good . I simply can not accept a noisy shaver . This thing is inches away from my ears at 5am and that is very annoying . I need peace and quiet at those early hours , and this would not work long term . -- What a bad shave . Starting with a 2-day shadow growth , I shaved half of my face with my trusty 5885XL -LSB- using 1.5 year old blades -RSB- and the other half with my shiny new 1050x unit . I actually had my wife feel both shaves afterwords to confirm I was n't being overly critical of my new toy.As I suspected , she confirmed my 5885xl produced a better shave , in about the same amount of time.As I shaved with the 1050x , I realized that I was going over the same growth areas without making things smoother , especially around the neck . I was getting tired , frustrated , and irritated . The pivoting head technology is clearly inferior to Norelcos older units . -- Here come the skin irritations
 I have used Norelco shavers for over 40 years . When my last razor wore out , I decided to go for the highest price model and ordered this model . What a disappointment . I used it for three months and was totally unhappy about how many times I had to go over and over and press HARD to get it to cut . So I bought a new set of blades . Same thing.So I bought one of the cheaper Norelco Lift And Cut models . Immediately , my shaving time went from seven minutes to 90 seconds . And the shave is much closer - so close my wife noticed it before I could tell her . Sometimes , you ca n't improve on the old reliable . Anyone want a free used Norelco Arcitec ???
 I 've been using Philips shavers for probably over 15 years , I fell in love with them from the start ... . I got myself used to shaving while I was on the phone , walking around the house , running up the stairs , in the shower and sometimes when I 'm driving.I always dry shave , I do n't put anything on my face and even after a few days of not shaving I can still use my Philips shaver and not feel the slightest pinch : - -RRB- Sadly this all changed when I decided to fork out the money on a name I trusted for so long ... The good : Firstly yes this shaver looks awesome , after you hold it you can tell right away its a lot lighter and fits much better in your hands that the other Philips shavers.The bads :1 -RRB- Unlike other Philips shavers you can not plug this shaver into your outlet , you have to place it in the carrying pod or shavers stand , this is a inconvenience to me , I am pretty sure its a matter of time before I drop this carrying pod and break it , or worse spill water on it by mistake and damage it -LRB- the charger is not water proof -RRB- .2 -RRB- No Sensitivity Adjustments on the shaver .3 -RRB- Finally this is a Terrible shaver , the worst Philips I bought , I honestly do n't feel that I should compare it to other models ... I have to go over each area over and over and over and over literally and still not get a good shave , so much for cutting shaving time by half : - -LRB- I have another Philips who 's blades have n't been changed in over 1 year and yes it shaves better than this brand new Arcitec ! I am not kidding!So who should buy this ? Well if you have a lot of money to throw around and want to give your teen son who barely has any facial hair a really cool looking gadget to show off to his friends then this might be a good way to throw your money down the drain.Final note the Arcitec is great bathroom decoration and is better suited in the Sharper Image catalog than as a Philips Norelco product.P.S Sharper Image is now bankrupt , you catch my drift ?
 Its a good razor , i liked it , but i bought this razor in february thinking that i will get $ 40 off . never got an email never got any confirmation of any sort about my $ 40 for future purchase . so if anyone wants to get this razor for the $ 40 off look else where because you wont get it . other wise its a good razor .
 I was using any number of triple blade razors with no problems except that they are messy having to use shaving cream so I decided to give the Noreclo a try . For the price I thought it would work great since I had heard that high end electrics work well.After using the Norelco arcitec 1050 exclusively for a month I was still having rasor burn and not getting a good shave on my neck . It was also impossible to get a clean line for my sideburns . I read and followed all the directions but was very disappointed in this razor .
 I very much wanted to like this razor . I 've been a long time blad user and was just tired of it . I bought the Braun series 7 , liking the look and reviews of it and found it did a nice job on my face but just could n't do a thing for my neck . I tried all I could and got nowhere . So I figured I 'd give the competition a try . Some things were better and other things worse.Pros : - Looks very nice-Case also serves as a charge-Very quiet -LRB- although perhaps more annoying -RRB- - Cheaper than the Braun-Is very clean while shaving and easy to clean upCons : - Gives a pretty sucky shave-Trimmer is tinyOverall it gave a worse shave than the braun , it did slightly better on the neck but did a worse job on the face . While it did n't cut me it left my skin feeling hot and worn out . The plus side of it is that it costs about $ 100 less and looks pretty swanky.I 'll be returning this , either to Amazon or to Philips . And at this point I 'll just give up on an electric razor . I either have difficult skin or just expect way too much out of these things . But the point is , if I have to pull out my blade to take care of my neck , why not just shave my whole face with it ?
 I have owned other Norelco razors and liked them very much , except for the problematic neck hairs . Yet this razor was absolutely horrible . It offers a really uncomfortable , rough shave . I was so horrified by their `` new and improved '' model , that I went for a braun instead . It seems to me that they beefed up the aesthetics of this model while sacrificing the integrity of the shave . I would give it a half a star if possible , but I am forced to stick with the minimum allowed 1 star .
 I bought this thing to replace an older floating head style Philips Norelco that I dropped and broke . Considering the price tag and sleek design , I figured I was in for a good shave . Boy , was I disappointed . This is my third and most expensive Norelco , and it does n't come close to either of the previous models I have owned in terms of performance . It does okay -LRB- not great -RRB- as long as I shave every day . For more than 24 hours of stubble , I have to break out the shave cream and disposable razors . I have to admit , though , it looks slick , like modern art .
 I have had this razor since Christmass and what a disapointment . I have had Norelco tripple heads for years and they all did a great job except this one . If you miss a few days shaving forget it . This razor can not cut longer hairs especially on the neck . It also takes for ever to do a shave . The only redeaming factors are the pivioting head and the long battery life.Considering the price this is a total dud and thus the one star . Save your money and buy one of thier less expensive razors that have the old fashoned blades that actually shave .
 This was my first electric shaver and I really wanted to like it , having gotten it for my birthday ; however , shaving with it is miserable . Perhaps I only feel this way because I have been used to a regular Gilette razor and my expectations were too high . Nevertheless , I really do feel like this shaver gives a really bad , uncomfortable shave . Even after a lot of razor burn I still had quiet long hairs left on my neck and on my chin after many passes.So , some might say that rating one 's results with a shaver is very subjective and that it might work for some better than it worked for me . While this might be true I have to add that picking up this shaver I really did get the sense that it just was n't designed to give a great shave . Looking at the mechanics you can quickly tell just how unsophisticated the technology behind the shaver is . So , while some might praise it , I really do think that they do so because they are judging it in comparison with some much older -LRB- and much worse -RRB- electric shavers -LRB- shaving with which is probably like shaving with an axe -RRB- . Furthermore , looking at this shaver , one gets the sense that its just stupid . Opening all 3 of the razor heads to clean each one and then `` snapping '' them back in is kinda silly . Oh , and the trimmer is literally unusable.Also , about the design ... It really is n't all that great . Although it does look very modern it reminds me of something envisioned by a child in the 50 's when asked how the shavers of tomorrow will look like . You also get the sense that the designers had to compromise a lot -LRB- like the quality and placement of the trimmer -RRB- so as not to compromise the design . The shaver also feels very flimsy and not well built , much like a toy or a novel gadget.So , after a week with this shaver I traded it in for a Braun Series 7 Shaver and I highly recommend it . It still does n't shave as close as a blade however it comes incredibly close . It is much better built , it feels better in the hand and the trimmer is amazing . Even though the Braun is around 70 dollars more expensive I truly feel that if you do not have the money to spend on it then it is better to stick to just using a blade.Don ' t make the mistake of buying this shaver for its `` good looks . '' You will probably be disappointed .
 I owned a Philips Norelco shaver that cost much more than this model -LRB- purchased Dec 2008 -RRB- . However , even at more than twice the price the I found the quality of the shaver to not meet my expectations . After a year of usage my shaver would stop intermittently while I was shaving . After a couple weeks the shaver would not turn on at all . The shaver was replaced under warranty.Walk the calendar forward to Nov 2010 and I am experiencing exactly the same problem , shaver stops intermittently while I 'm shaving -LRB- even though it 's fully charged -RRB- . Knowing what 's about to occur AGAIN I call Philips/Norelco customer care , the shaver has a 2 year warranty , but not really . While P/N warranties the shaver for 2 years , they only cover replacement ONCE . Even though I 'm still within my 2 year warranty , the unit is no longer covered.Now maybe I 'm just one unlucky guy , getting two shavers that have exactly the same problems and almost within the same time frame -LRB- 1 year -RRB- , but this seems to indicate a design flaw in this particular model . The fact that P/N warranty terminates after the initial unit is replaced is not making me a happy P/N customer . I then looked for another shaver , this time it was NOT a P/N model and I would suggest that you consider other brands as well or be well aware that 2 years does n't mean 2 years to Norelco .
 pros : it certainly looks very cool , it is light and easy to handle , not noisycons
 This shaver was very disappointing . I was excited the first time I used it but after a couple of days the blades seemed to get dull . It would pick and pull on my beard . It would leave random hair on my face and attempts to angle the shaver were not successful . I rarely leave feedback , but this shaver is so bad I felt I had to . My face was raw for two days after I quit using it . I am back to my trusty disposable minus $ 100 plus .
 I really like the look of this shaver and I was hoping it would be as good as the commercials touted it to be . Alas , this was not the case . Sure , it gives a close shave , but I have to go over and over and over the same spot to get it . And there are still hairs on my neck that it just ca n't cut . I 've had the 1050 for about 3 months now . Just over 3 years before I was given aNorelco SpeedXLand loved it . It cut quickly and did a good job . Unfortunately it wore out and the only one of the blades still cuts . So I got this new razor hoping that it would be even better than the XL . It does contour to the face really well , but it just does n't cut my stubble easily . More than a day or two and it has a VERY hard time . And forget the tiny trimmer , it is just too hard to use . I go back to the one on the XL if I want to trim my sideburns or nose hairs . The 1050 holds a charge for a while and does clean fairly easily but you have to do it after every one or two shaves or it gets harder to get a good shave.I like rotary shavers and have used them most of my adult life , but this one is a let-down , especially for the $ 130 + price . I would seriously consider trying a Phillips or Braun foil razor the next time around , given the reviews I 've read . On a final note , the stand is a bit flimsy and tips easily , and the plug is a bit large , but those are minor considerations . If you want a good , close shave that does n't irritate , I would n't make this the first on your list.UPDATE
 As of October 29 , 2007 , the instructions specifically say that you must unplug the Norelco Arcitec 1050X shaver from the charger once it 's fully charged . If you do n't you will hurt the battery . I guess you 're supposed to baby-sit it every few hours.This is an inexcusable design error and the principal reason I am returning this product for a full refund.If Norelco had said on the box , `` You have to watch the battery icon till it stops blinking and then you have to unplug the shaver , '' I would n't have wasted my time buying it . Would you ?
 I have been using Norelco shavers for 20 to 30 years and this is the worst one they ever made . Initially it shaved OK but within 6 months the quality of the shave deteriorated to useless . I contacted customer service and they admitted that they had a problem with the heads . They now include different cleaning instructions -LRB- which I did not receive -RRB- They would do nothing for me even though they admitted there was a problem with the heads . I am not about to spent -LSB- ... -RSB- on a new head that may only last another 6 months . Sorry Norelco , but you have lost a loyal customer forever .
 I 've shaved with cheaper razors than this one ! I must say , they have done a better job ! I 'm still having to shave w / shaving cream & a razor ! It absolutely does not shave as close as it claims !!! DO N'T waist your money ! Buy a cheaper one that works !!!! Sorry I waisted my money !!! Steve
 For the price of this shaver it 's the worst shave I 've ever had . Hard to clean . I have to shave with a blade after shaving with this poor excuse for a shaver . I 'm online now looking for another shaver and it wo n't be a Phillips product . No stars !!!
 This is the worst Norelco razor I have owned . I regret getting rid of my old Norelco before trying this one . If you try to go longer than a couple days without shaving , it is an aboslute CHORE with this razor . I have to go over a single patch of hair ten times to even see skin . I have never had a clean smooth shave with this razor . If you shave every day , I can see how it is tolerable , but it still does not cut hair well.Oh and the sleek design that cuts neck hair better ? No . . it cuts neck hair worse . Any Norelco is better than this one . There is a reason why the moment this thing hit stores the commercials stopped airing . . it is terrible .
 This my second Norelco , loved both of them . The 1050 trimmer is for the birds . it is hidden under the shaving heads and you can not see it . . Have to guess where it is . Do n't buy this shaver if you counting on the trimmer .
 Received this arcitec at Christmas , for 30 days I thought what a great razor ! For the last 30 days it will not shave at all . Called customer service and they suggested I purchase NEW heads . Do you need new heads every 30 days ? Bottom line is customer NO service had no solution and did not offer to replace the heads . Factor in the cost of the heads before you purchase . I did replace the heads and now it works fine . Thanks Philips for all of your assistance .
 Although it looks sleak , as a razor , this product underperforms . You have to go over areas many times and sometimes , if the facial hair is too long -LRB- say , past a 5 o'clock shadow -RRB- the razor wo n't cut it at all . It took me a half an hour to shave with this razor , which is longer than a regular shave . And the final result is a shave that 's barely what you 'd call `` close '' and a few loose long hairs that the razor could n't handle . Whoever made it went more for design than practicality . I ended up switching to a regular old Mach 3 I had lying around . Do n't make the mistake of buying this razor , you 'll be very upset with it in a few weeks .
 I got it for my boyfriend after reading through all reviews . Great design , but not too close-cut he said . and you have to open each three top cover and clean them every time .
 I have used Norelco shavers for many years and was happy with them . This design , however , is poorly developed . The three heads have small individual compartments for cut hair and must be cleaned out daily . It 's clumsy to open them and the razor is nosier because the heads are above the casing . Also , the charging stand uses up counter space .
 Philips should be ashamed of themselves . This `` shaver '' is neither use nor ornament ! I tried , for a whole year , but I gave up threw the shaver in the trash and went back to a blade . I had an old Philips rotary shaver for years until I dropped and broke it . I bought this because its the top of the line and I had been so please with the old one . What a huge mistake ! I wasted $ 190 . Never again will I purchase Philips products . Useless !
 It leaves the worst patches of hair . I use a disposable to clean up after everytime I use the arcitec . I have tried trimming with short hair and long hair neither work well . Overall this is worse then my pervious phillips and I will never buy a phillips electric again !
 I purchased this as a gift for my husband . It is the worst razor he has ever owned . I wound up getting replacement parts for his old Braun razor.no comparison as to the closeness in shave with no burning .
 I am a long time Norelco user and this as the most disappointing razor I purchased . It was going back 10 years as far as shaving is concerned . Does not shave well is the bottom line . Takes 3X longer to shave then its predecessor .
 I just returned my razor after about 8mo to philips . I never write reviews but felt that this was important for people to know . This razor is not great for someone who shaves rarely , like once a week or who has a thich coarse hair . I never got a great shave and finally complained to customer service who told me that this was probably not the razor for me . They reccomned the traditional style 8260xl that has blades made for more coarse hair . I used this razor last night and it was amazing . I thought others should know .
 I bought this razor as I have been a Norelco user for over 30 years . The last one , I had problems with too close a shave that caused skin irritation , something I have never experienced before . This razor is absolutely useless if you have any stubble . It will take you at least 20 minutes to shave if not longer . Nice design and the engineering of the model made me believe it would be a superior product . No such luck . In a word this razor blows . Norelco never even answered several emails about the product . I get the feeling they 've heard quite enough + will keep it on the market as long as people are stupid enough to buy it . The price was a non issue for me if it would at least cut my beard . I do have a habit of letting it grow for several days . If you 're like me , you will have the same problem .
 This razor is not the best , as so indicated by a variety of consumer reports . The swivel head literally makes it more difficult to shave in the neck area and along the jaw line . I find myself going over and over areas to the point of frustration , all the while not cutting hairs . Expect a pimply rash at times as well , of which was never typical of my skin . Not worth the money for a razor with cutting issues . I 'm looking to return mine for something that works .
 I bought one of these for my teenager for Christmas , and I was envious that he was getting a Norelco that was better than the old man 's . I mean , it 's got the high tech looks , the head that swivels to the contour of the face . What 's there not to like ? He was very well pleased with the shaver , and when he filled out the warranty information online , he got a coupon for a discount on another Norelco shaving product . I was all set to purchase my own , but decided to take his out for a spin first . Well , I did like the head that swivels to the contour of the face , but that 's about as far as it went . For me , it was a rough shave , and it felt similar to a band aid being pulled off of hariy flesh . My old Norelco 's have never exhibited this sensation , so I was somewhat surprised . I tried it two or three more times but it still felt harsh to me . I have n't told my son I do n't like it because he 's young and thinks it 's cool to just be shaving , and the 1050 does have a real 21st Century look to it . However , I did order a replacement set of blades for my old Norelco from Amazon . In my case , it was worthwile to simply keep a good thing going a while longer .
 I 've used the Norelco rotating blade shavers for almost 2 decades now . I just bought the Arcitec 1050 at double the money of my previous Norelco that still works , but the battery is holding less of a charge now so I thought more money might be better.I 've had the Arcitec for 2 weeks and it is just average and not worth the money . Nothing about it is better than my 5 years ago Norelco , last one I bought . And one thing is definitely worse . I use the clippers on my old Norelco to trim sideburns , mustache , and ears . This new thing must have been designed by a woman . The clipper will protrude very slightly from the body and you can not use it easily or effectively because the shaving head are in the way . It is really lame.I 'm returning it and getting the old style for half the price that I have been very happy with .
 I purchased this shaver when my old Spectra 8894 needed new blades and I am very sorry that I did so . I ca n't get as good a shave with this new shaver as I can with my old one with worn blades . I am trying to find out if there is a way I can return it because it is a waste of money . Additionally , the trimmer is very small and difficult to use because you have to see what you are doing around the cutting heads . While this is subjective , the unit feels cheap and flimsy compared to my old Norelco .
 Makes one wonder when they definitely tell you `` Unplug the shaver and do not allow it to charge for greater than 1 hour '' . Sounds like the old lithium ion safety problem strikes again . Pretty terrible outcome for forgetting to unplug the shaver - one morning . I guess I can go get a $ 20 timer and plug it into that to make sure . But for a top-dollar device , one would expect the engineers to design in the required charge termination cycle ?
 I 've owned several Norelco razors over the years , and up till now they 've all been pretty good . This time I figured I 'd go all out and get the expensive model . The results were poor , it seemed to take forever to shave , and it missed a lot of hairs . But I stuck with it rather than returning it . I thought `` hey , it costs so much , it must be good , maybe I just need to get used to it . '' Duh.Now I 'm stuck with a worthless razor that is not capable of cutting all of the hairs , let along cutting them close . I have to use the beard trimmer to get the ones that the cutting heads missed , generally on my neck . What a piece of garbage ! My last Philips/Norelco product ever.The people that claim it cuts `` as close as a blade '' must have peachfuzz on their face . A grown man with a tough beard will find that this functions better as a paperweight than as a razor . Zero stars .
 It simply did not shave well . I took me at least 3 times as long to get a mediocre shave verses my 4 year old shaver . I went for the norelco 8200 series that was more like my old shaver in structure and it works great .
 I decided to finally `` upgrade '' from my 7 year old Norelco with dull blades to this model and have been very disappointed . Shaving with this model takes twice as long as my older model . It especially is difficult to shave longer hairs on the neck , I found myself getting impatient and pulling out a razor to quickly finish the job .
 Well , I had high hopes for this razor but after using it for a few months ago , I must say it is a piece of cool looking crap.I had a Norelco razor for around 12 years and loved it just bought new blades a few times over the years . Boy I wish I did not give it to my son.To sum things up This razor does look cool but it sounds cheap the trimmer is crap and it cuts like crap .
 I replaced a Norelco speed razor that was getting old . This 1050 will give a close shave but does not cut longer hair at all . It takes a long time to get a complete shave . Sometimes , the highest priced item is not best , and this is the case . Save your money and get an 8240 Speed . The new 8240 is very easy to clean . The 1050 does not allow you to remove the heads , they only flip up . I like to use oil before I shave and the 8240 allows me to remove the heads , dump them in a container with some rubbing alcohol , and easily clean them with a few shakes .
 I am a lifelong Norelco user . as a matter of fact , I 've never owned anything but a Norelco shaver . I bought the Arcitec 1050 when I broke my current shaver . It is not only the worst shaver I ever tried , It 's the first bad Norelco I 've ever triedIt doesnt give a close shaver , even though I spent twice as much time shaving . It leaks chopped whiskers all over the place . The pop up trimmer cant be used without catching your hair in the shaver -LRB- that is if you 're lucky enough to have hair ! -RRB- . it doesnt reach the top of ny moustache/bottom of my nose . It does a lousy job on my neck.I 'm returning it to norelco and buying another more standard model!I never write reviews , but I felt VERY strongly about warning fellow loyal Norelco customers !
 I have used Norelco razors for years , so I looked forward to this top of the line new model . What a disappointment ! The design is far out , way too far out ! It gives a very poor shave and causes razor burn at the same time . I had thought that these two conditions were mutually exclusive , but Phillips has managed to put them both in this razor . I would not recommend the purchase of this product . The battery life is excellent between shaves , other than that it really is an inferior product.I replaced it with a Norelco 8240XL which is excellent and half the price.If I were Phillips , I would do what Ford did with the Edsel and withdraw it from the market before it damages their reputation any further .
 I weigh 300 pounds , much less than the rating of this unit . On sitting down in a restaurant , the plastic holding a wheel cracked , the wheel came off , and the rollator fell over . I landed on the floor and struck my head.DANGER !
 Good golly ! This stuff is like pouring concrete or cement on your face !! You wo n't be ripping this off to quickly or you will be pulling the top layer of your tender skin with it -LRB- like I did -RRB- ! I followed the directions and put it on half of my upper lip . Oh , the pain , ouch ! And did I DREAD having to place it on the other half of my lip ... so needless to say I will NEVER try this product again . My advice to you is to find another , more gentle product for your face or anywhere else for that matter .
 Took a while to heat up and I felt difficult to remove . I think the cloth strips work better . It only came with one application stick .
 nothing special here it did remove some of my hairs on my upper lip and i think that to get a perfect smooth result you may have to go over a few times . the little sized bottle prob wouldnt last very long either . i wasnt upset with this product but i wasnt satisfied either , i will not be purchasing this again i recommend facial hair remover creams instead .
 Keep looking I found this at 2,300 on other web sites so if you have to purchase one this is not the place . Keep looking and you will easily find a better price . I agree with rent if you can . These things are so overpriced .
 does n't work at all but my grand daughter loves the taste says taste like pepsi . but never calmed her down
 my son hated this product . kids will try it once and they will not want to take it again . you can not hide it in other drinks it is too strong to do that . I did n't see any improvement in his sleep habits either .
 You 're seriously charging $ 10.00 for toothpaste ?? It 's incredibly dishonest and ridiculous . You can get the same item for a third of that price and it 's usually on sale once a month for a fourth of that . Good luck .
 My wife has used this product for years and is quite pleased with it . But when the product was out of stock at our usual source , I tried this link through Amazon . The supplier in this case is a discount market who resells crushed and damaged packages . Unfortunately I did n't click through the Amazon link and read the vendor 's own admission of such . When product arrived I was shocked at the condition of the goods ... one package had been apparently opened and resealed with packing tape . I emailed a complaint to the company asking for refund . I immediately mailed the package back to the vendor , but have yet to see a refund . Bottom line
 THE PRODUCTS YOU SHIPPED WERE ONLY A FEW WEEKS AWAY FROM EXPIRING-I RETURNED THEM TO YOU
 This product is a fake . It 's a cheap knockoff from China . Though I admit I did think it worked pretty well , its ridiculous that I paid full price for it . This is not a flesh-light , but an imitation .
 If you 're going to get a sleeve , try one WITHOUT a frame so you can add your own pressure when you want.This product is a joke . Unless , of course , you are incredibly well endowed or like banging really loose p ## ssy.Lost my hard on as soon as I slipped into this thing , it is SO loose . The pressure cap does absolutely nothing . The product probably costs about $ 3 to make and they charge almost $ 60 for it . Really disappointed . It 's already in the garbage can.Boy , its a real crap shoot with these products cuz you ca n't return them . Ugh . Really makes me angry when I get ripped off like this .
 There 's an old saying that goes `` There 's nothing like the real thing , baby . '' This product IS the textbook example of that quote . Extremely unrealistic -LRB- if you 've ever actually had sex before -RRB- and not to mention , very difficult to use for a `` simple sex toy '' . Bottom line is folks , if you want the `` real deal '' , you go out and get the `` real deal '' . Whatever your pleasure may be or whatever gender you puruse , you 're not going to get any form of realistic experience from any of these products . I mean `` any '' of them with all of the orifices .
 Now , stop me if I 'm wrong , but this is one of the most disturbing things I 've ever bought . I thought it would be fun to have . It SOUNDS like the greatest invention in the world , but really , it 's the most embarassing thing I 've ever had in my possession . I thought it would be fun to have a vagina whenever you want . In reality , I 'm throwing it away before someone finds this nasty thing.I think some people will find this really useful . It is very high quality , but it 's creepy and I 'm throwing it away .
 I bought these as they were such good value for the numbers you got . However , i found the OPK very dificult to read , i have used other brands which have been easier . I nearly always got a thin line on the result line which was so close in color to the control line , in the end i have given up trying to read these and bought another brand .
 The ovulation tests are extremely confusing and hard to read . There is a line that appears that is so close to a positive line , but they say it is negative . It is nearly impossible to tell the difference between positive and negative . Ca n't speak for the pregnancy tests yet , as the ovulation tests have not worked well . Sure , you get a lot of tests for your money , buy spend a little more money for a better test and you 'll be glad you saved yourself the aggravation.Also , even though it is shown , there is no such pink `` baby time '' booklet . The free booklet - `` Vital Information You Must Know if You Want to Maximize Your Chances of Getting Pregnant Faster '' consists of a couple of photocopied pages , very poorly written . So if you 're leaning towards this one for the extra booklet , do n't bother . You can get better info online .
 I have been using these OPKs and HPTs for 2 months now and have NOT got my POSITIVE on OPKs ... . i even used the OPks on my husband pee for 3 days test the OPKs bcz mine were all negative . . so after testing him for 3 days he had all negatives ... a man has a LH hormone surge ever 24-48 hrs ... dr said some men dont have a surge for 4 days but my hub never got a postive so maybe he is one that doesnt have a surge for 4 days ... i have alot of friends who use similiar test and have success but with me i never a postive . . my dr said all women have different levels of hormone i am one that is naturally lower so i need sensitive OPKs ... my friend and i wanted to test the HPTs and she is 14 weeks preggo ... took them but just found out today ; when i was talking to her ; those test she took were accurate ! she didnt know but she ws loosing the baby when she used the HPTs ... i dont wan na say these horrible but you get what you pay for ...
 Initially I liked this product ; however , I recently took it out of the box and it was filled with bugs ! The pillow had holes with flax seeds coming out . I threw out the seeds , washed the eye pillow in hopes of refilling but can not due to holes . What a disappointment !
 Oh my , I read the review about someone having an allergic reaction to this thing , I do n't have bad allergies , but did n't want a smelly eye pillow . They mentioned that the smell was subtle , so I thought it would be okay . Wrong ! This thing stinks !!! The smell is overbearing , and terrible . I instantly became stuffed up upon opening the box . I thought I could let it air out for a few days and maybe it would get better ; nope , my whole apartment stunk of the thing . I thought I 'd give it a chance , I put it on my eye for a minute ... they became red , puffy , itchy and irritated for hours . I do n't know how anyone could put such a pungent thing on their eyes . I thought maybe it was just me , so I let my girlfriend try it out , same thing , and she has no allergies or sensitivities.At least you can zip open the bag and refill it with your own stuff , and the material they make it out of is nice . I was too lazy to send it back so I 'm going to empty it , wash it and refill . But for now , it 's in a box , stinking up a closet.Definitely do n't buy if you even have the mildest allergies . I 'd go get the ingredients and post them in this review for you to check , but I do n't want to go near that box . Orange blossoms is one of them .
 First of all , I ordered this sage one , but got a silky burgundy dragonfly one . Second , I failed to read that it contained chamomile , which I am highly allergic to . Chamomile is part of the ragweed family , so if you have seasonal pollen allergies , beware of this product . Other than that , it was nicely made and eye pillows are wonderful -LRB- I have others -RRB- . It needed to be packaged airtight so scent would last . Because of the packaging , it barely had a scent at all .
 I should have read the negative reviews before buying this item . If you are sensitive to strong perfumes or fragrances , you do not want to buy this pillow . Maybe it will air out but it 's not usable at this point .
 I order this product through the Amazon Prime Subscribe and Save program . I have used this product for multiple years as has my Sister . The last two batches -LRB- 6 boxes of 6 refills each -RRB- of scrubbers are lighter in color with less cleaner in the scrubbie . There is no `` fresh clean scent '' and the effectiveness of cleaning has been greatly reduced . I do n't mind the lighter blue color or lack of scent ; I do mind the increased ineffectiveness . They are NOT as effective as previous supplies . I am very disappointed and wo n't be renewing my subscription . I now need to shop for a new cleaner with a scrubbing wand . We have hard well water and finding a good product is a challenge . Any suggestions ???? Thank you.Here is what the Scotch-Brite website markets this product as : The non-scratch Scotch-Brite -LRB- tm -RRB- Disposable Toilet Scrubbers fit under the rim.Fits under the rim!Just store the handle , not the mess!All - in-one cleaning that leaves a fresh , clean scent!Non - scratch cleaning
 Yes , the flowbee is a great unit . No , the Flowbee sold here is sold for much , much more than even from the Flowbee website -LSB- ... -RSB- Just buy direct and save money .
 I used the original flowbee for many many trouble free years and finally the blades were getting dull and the head was held together with rubber bands . So I broke down and bought a new one . The new model is not as strong as the old model , blades move slower and blades are dull . Takes much longer to cut hair than original .
 This item for the price of $ 116 , according to the manufacturer of Flowbee is supposed to include the vacuum . The picture in the add has a vacuum that attaches to the hose . The merchant insists it is not there picture , & that you have to go by the main picture , not the insets . Do n't buy from this merchant , buy from the manufacturer direct.This prooduct actually works well , but you have to connect it to your wife 's vacuum
 This item does not work . I do n't understand the glowing reviews . DO NOT PURCHASE FROM THE SELLER OF THIS PRODUCT OR ANY PRODUCT THAT THEY SELL ! If you give what they consider a `` bad '' review they will refuse credit if you do not remove the review . I was treated very badly by this seller . They are rude and disrespectful of the consumer . I was called at home and threatened with no refund if I did not remove my review . I removed the review but now I can not go back and review them again . Not very fair . DiscountJungle and the people who work there are crooks and liars . They have a `` D '' with the BBB . DO NOT PURCHASE FROM DISCOUNTJUNGLE !! For me the Flowbee did not work . I tried it on my little girls hair and it shredded her hair . I had to take her the next day to a salon and have them fix it . I followed all of the directions and read the booklet before using it . She has shoulder length hair so maybe if you have short hair it works fine but for longer hair I would n't recommend using this .
 Fast growing , short , straight hair , and I did n't want to spend all my money and time going to the hairdresser every 3 weeks . I decided to give the Flowbee Hair Cutter a try . It has been a wonderful investment ! I love it ! It 's fast and easy , in about 5 minutes I have a great haircut that gets compliments.Flowbee Hair Cutter
 I been taking them on and off for about a month . I do n't see any difference . Perhaps because I do not take them consistently ?
 I can not fault the vendor . But the product is useless . You just CA N'T lie on it face down . It does n't elevate your head at all . It 's uncomfortable , and having RECENTLY used 2 face-down pillows at a chiropractor 's and an acupuncturist 's offices - I do n't understand why this one is so uncomfortable and useless . Pass it up !
 The front is comfortable but the rear is way off center so it feels uncomfortable . I would n't give a dollar for this a refund would work
 I ordered these Tranquility Booster Pads because my 7 month old was SOAKING wet every morning . She sleeps on her stomach and her Pampers diapers just were not absorbent enough . I 'm not sure what I was expecting , but when I opened up this package , I thought to myself , `` I should have just tried a Maxi-pad '' . That 's basically what these look like . But , they are n't as good . Most Maxi-pads these days have an absorbent inner layer that wicks moisture away from the skin . The tranquility booster pads do not , and every morning it showed on my baby 's skin . Also , they very often leaked . She went from being soaked every morning to being soaked every other morning . Eventually , I discovered Huggies Overnights , and although I prefer Pampers in general , I have to say the Huggies work ! She 's only soaked through them a couple of times . If you must try a booster pad , I 'd go buy some Kotex for a few dollars instead of these Tranquility Pads.Okay , I 'm back to edit this review because I recently discovered Pampers Extra Protection , and we have n't had a leak yet ! The pampers actually have an absorbent layer built right into the diaper , and they are n't super bulky , which is nice . We 've been using them over a month with no leaks . Much better choice !
 I bought these to use as diaper doublers in my son 's diapers . Sadly , they didnt work
 I was expecting something soft and absorbent like the old baby diaper doubles , but these were hard and thin and caused me a great deal of skin irritation . I will not be able to use the ones I purchased . They were however quite absorbent .
 This product did not work at all . My son still continued to wake up saturated , sheets , outfit and all . The return policy is the worst . It 's not worth your while to return . You would only stand to get back only about $ 8.00 after spending more than 30 dollars to begin with . Their return policy requires insured shipping -LRB- extra cost for you -RRB- . I highly recommend Huggies Overnight . They work !!!!! ''
 I found these booster pads to be fairly absorbent . They seemed to do a good job helping prevent leaks at night . The thing I hated about this product is , in the morning when I removed the product , it was falling apart . usually leaving a layer of absorbency material on my skin . I would not recommend for overnight use , but they seem OK for daytime , when they are changed more often .
 I was excited to get this comb , as I 've been cutting my own hair for 3 + years now . The 1 '' comb I currently have is a bit short , so I thought the 1.25 '' would be a better length . I read the reviews of the wahl 1.25 '' comb and did n't like how the comb had only 5 tongs -LRB- too much space = choppy cuts -RRB- . Anyway , got this guy and put it on my wahl clippers -LRB- I 'm in the process of upgrading to some nicer Andis or Osters -RRB- . Two main problems . First , the comb slides side to side . Second , the comb tongs are thick at the base , so the cut is ... let 's just say inefficient . I 'm now looking at buying the andis size F -LRB- 1.25 '' -RRB- comb -LRB- check them out at the following linkAndis High Quality Plastic Universal Snap-On Large Pet Clipper Comb , Size F , 32mm -RRB- . Mark 1:14 -15 -LRB- NASB -RRB- Jesus came into Galilee , preaching the gospel of God , and saying , `` The time is fulfilled , and the kingdom of God is at hand ; repent and believe in the gospel . ''
 It may be the only option to protect your Braun screen , but it does n't fit properly and therefore must be held on with a rubber band . It has also developed a huge number of stress fractures as if it 's been stepped on , which it has n't . Better than nothing , especially given the price of replacement screens , but wish it fit better .
 Not the same as original , very small and keeps popping off of the foil it 's to protect . Even though I purchase a new foil and cutter .
 Works great . If not an original Braun its exactly like it . Problem is , shipping cost is about double the cost of the part .
 I purchased two of these sets for my dual electric Medela Pump in Style . I am using this with our second child and am really not crazy about it . I pumped for a year for our first child and used regular Playtex liners or pumped into a regular bottle . I was very happy to see that Playtex had come up with a new system . Although the system works well , it is somewhat cumbersome . Some of the pieces look pretty similar so it is easy to mix up which ones are needed . It does not fit well in my Medela case.I called Playtex and was very surprised and displeased that additional liner rings , nipple rings , and sealing disks were not available separately . If someone wants to pump and freeze breastmilk on a regular basis , it would be costly since a only four bottles can be stored with a system which costs around $ 10.00 . I think it would be a nice system for someone just needing to have a couple of bottles available but not for a mom wanting to freeze long term or pumping several times per week .
 When I first started using this product I loved it ! It was so nice to be able to pump directly into the liner , rather than pump into a bag that then needs to be transferred to the liner -LRB- what a mess ! -RRB- . However , there were several cons to them :1 -RRB- the sealing disks start to leak after several uses2 -RRB- if you want to build up any sort of supply in the freezer , plan on spending a LOT of money because you can not just buy extra pieces - you must buy a whole new kit , and each kit only provides storage for 4 bottles ! 3 -RRB- if you have a double breast pump , you have to buy 2 kits in the first place cause it only has 1 pump adaptor!I like the playtex premium nurser , and wish the storage kit was more economical -LRB- and even if not economical , I 'd like it if they did n't leak -RRB- I recommend you save some money and buy the Gerber storage bottles , which come in a package of 4 and are very inexpensive . I have n't seen them online , but you can buy them in BRU . These are more expensive than buying the Medela or other brand storage bags - but those bags are such a pain IMO . The bottles are great because you can easily pour them into the liners .
 Just so you know , this product does not work with the hygeia pump . I know there are not many hygeia pumpers out there but just in case , save yourself the time and the money and do n't buy it as it does not convert for the hygeia threading . The packaging does not indicate that it will work , it does not list Hygeia at all .
 I bought this kit because I have been using an Avent pump and pouring the milk into the Playtex system -LRB- a pain which kind of defeats the purpose of having a pre-sterilized system , but the pump makes me happy and the Playtex nurser makes my baby happy -RRB- . I bought this kit excited that I could use the adapter and just pump straight into the Playtex drop-ins . However , it is only ever mentioned in small print on the box that the adapter does not work with Avent and First Years pumps . Since these are two popular brands , I wish they 'd note that on the Amazon site and more prominently on the box !
 I have decided to use the Playtex Nurser which has become a big investment for me since Playtex does not sell the sealing discs seperately . You need the sealing discs to store the milk in the freezer with the Playtex drop-in liners . The only way to purchase the sealing discs is to purchase the entire storage kit which costs $ 9.99 . Four sealing discs are included in the storage kit . This does n't make sense when Playtex sells all of the other parts of the storage kit seperately with the exception of the sealing discs .
 There is very little details provided on any of the kava kava root products , but all I wanted was to find a root only extract . Kava kava made from the entire plant is what caused the liver failure issue a few years back.This seemed like a good buy despite the lack of info , until it finally arrived a month later and it plainly says on the bottle in small print `` whole plant '' . That being said , it 's also not even what I 've seen from extracts , it smells like rubbing alcohol and in fact is 75 % alcohol.Of course it will calm you down , the recommended dose is the same as taking a shot . Find another source for your kava kava , do n't waste your money here .
 The handle would n't screw in very well and it broke off the first time it was used . Returned it to Amazon for a refund .
 if you buy this broom plan to purchase a new handle right away . . it 's flimsy and feels like it will break at any second . brush head seems fine , but without a handle it does n't really matter . take a pass on this one and save yourself some aggravation .
 The bottle that I received was opened . The foil had a big hole in it . One that would have been made by a finger or something . It was too large of a hole to be an accident or something that happened in packaging . It looked like it had been used . It does smell good though .
 13 ounces of dishwashing soap for only $ 49.99 ?!! Hey , that 's like less than a pint for FIFTY BUCKS !!! Where do I sign ??!!! I voted for 0bama , too !!!
 My wife and I bought this product to see how it worked and were very dissapointed . there was no warming sinsation at all . We have used `` Wet '' original and found it to be a much better product over all .
 Had a wooden kitchen cabinet that had a bit of grime on it and mixed according to the directions with 1/4 cup per gallon of water . Used an ordinary sponge but instead of removing the dirt it took off the clear coat/polyurethane instead . Now I 'm left with a ruined door that has to be sanded and refinished .
 Not good for your wood floors . Darkened my wood floors b/c dirt sticks to the oil and fills in all the little cracks and scratch 's . Now scratches are more noticeable .
 If I could give this product ZERO stars , I would . I had the same results with it as the other person did . My hair did n't even flinch with this junk . The only thing it did for me was make my hair look worse . I extremely disappointed when my hair not only did n't curl , but actually looked like it was dirty and had n't been washed in weeks ! After using this product , my hair was rough , hard to brush , and had zero volume . It took me nearly a week of washing my hair with my regular shampoo to get it back to it 's healthy look and feel .
 The bottle that I received was opened . The foil had a big hole in it . One that would have been made by a finger or something . It was too large of a hole to be an accident or something that happened in packaging . It looked like it had been used . It does smell good though .
 Bought this used it oven set at 325 for 12 minutes melted all over my oven ! Would absolutely never buy this again !!!
 This `` baby bottle '' holder is not wide enough to fit my son 's glass baby bottles . Such a disappointment !
 These strips are not the original Wondfo strips . I had used the Wondfo strips before and conceived using them . I like those strips so much better . But these are not Wondfo but some cheap copy of it . I am hooked with Amazon , so I thought what the hell , may be different company but it might work like Wondfo . But I was so wrong . I wonder if these work at all . If you are blown away by the positive feedback please notice that all the positive feedback are old . Because they used to sell the original thing before but when they had enough positive feedback on them they just switched the product . I order them from ebay now . They cost almost same and they are much much better than these nameless things . I do n't think you can find original Wondfo strips on amazon anymore . All things that say Wondfo are the cheap copies . I would not recommend them to anyone .
 The strips are packed individually with a set of basic instructions printed on the outer packaging . My problem was that they did n't work so great . During the time I was actually ovulating it showed a faint line , which the directions advise to be a negative . In the end I resulted to guess work . Maybe I just had a batch that 's color intensity was defectedd but I definitely used them correctly ... . I mean there is only one way to dip a stip in the cup for 3 seconds .
 My order arrived on time . However , several tests were missing . I searched my order & the seller profile , but I was unable to find contact information for the seller to request the missing tests be sent . So , I contacted an Amazon representative , who also said they do not have contact information for this seller . Not very good business practice & I do n't suggest ordering from this company for that reason alone . As for the product itself , they are easy to use and the directions included were clear and informative . At the same time , the tests I received were pretty beat up inside their pouches , and the first test I did as a trial showed a FALSE POSITIVE on day 5 of my cycle ! I have used the more expensive test strips in the past , and I am not very encouraged by this product .
 These are n't great . They are really hard to tell if you are positive , my husband even took one that turned up very close to positive -LRB- not quite , but close -RRB- . After a positive on the 2nd , 7th , and 17th day of this month , I really have no clue what is going on without my temps or other body signs . I took them 2x a day , as directed and really just have no clue what 's going on . I am really very disappointed with these strips .
 I bought these hoping for a quality OV test that I could use throughout the month however the first day I used them it indictaed I had an LG surge when I know I didnt because I had literally just finished my period and then as I got closer to my ovulation day the control line was barely there let alone the test line showing anything . I doubt I used them wrong , how hard is it to not drink anything for 2hrs then pee in a cup and dip a stick for three seconds . Would recommend something else .
 I purchased these last week and received a positive result every day ! I decided to take them to see what a negative looks like since I KNEW I WAS ON CYCLE DAY 5 . Well it was positive and it continues to be positive ! Every other test that I bought after this test says negative . I am not scheduled to ovulate in another 13 days or so . I know I would not have so many positives back to back . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !! GO TO EARLYPREGNANCYTEST WEBSITE . Most ppl use those and I have n't heard about any issues .
 These tests does n't work at all . I used it to test for ovulation from day9 to day 21 after first day of period and there was never once any positive result , it 's always a very faint line comparing to the control line . I thought my LH level was so low that it was below detection and turned back to guessing work . After 6 monthes of not being pregnant , I decided to test for ovulation again with these test trips and the First response brand that I got from costco . on day 16 , while the costco strips showed a clear positive , these are still showing the very faint line which indicates negative . Do n't waste you time and money on these total garbage .
 I have used almost all of the ones in this pack I bought , and not a single one has worked . They all stay on the invalid option.Although cheap , they are WORTHLESS .
 These ovulation test strips do not work . I used them for 2 cycles and never got a darker test strip line than the control line . The seller promplty returned my money when I complained to them with no questions asked so obviously they know they do n't work . I work in a science lab and perform testing on a daily basis so I am DEFINITELY not testing incorrectly . Do n't waste your money , or more importantly your time . Some things are worth the money . Buy the brand name ones at the store !
 In December ' 08 , I had 4 cervical disks replaced , which are held together with plates and rods . After recuperation and physical therapy , I was still suffering from muscle spasms and had many tender trigger points in my neck and shoulders.Thus , to get some relief , I ordered the Fenix Deluxe Self-Care Kit , based in part on some of the other reviews I had read.What a disappointment ! First , the video is poorly made . I had to adjust the brightness/contrast each time I wanted to see a title . There was even a note inside about what to do if the DVD does n't play ; apparently , the company knows the DVD is faulty , but has not replaced it . Next , the pictures in the instruction booklet are fuzzy black-and-whites that are hard to follow.This product is over-priced at $ 129 , considering what you get.The product itself is nothing more than a heavy pegboard with a bag of different-sized pegs that are supposed to relieve trigger points when you press against the pegs . Since I have numerous trigger points scattered throughout my neck and shoulders , I was constantly changing pegs and trying to rearrange myself on the pegboard , which involved numerous up/down/move this shoulder/change pegs/up/down again/move body/up/down / move pegs , etc. ... you see what I mean ? It was an inefficient method of obtaining relief.I do believe this company is on the right track as far as trying to market a product that will relax those sensitive , painful trigger points ; however , it needs to do so in a more sophisticated and efficient manner .
 I bought this tea hoping for something that would be more cost effective than buying teabags . It was delicious for the first 4 days or so , and I kept it in an airtight container . On around the 5th day , however , I brewed a cup and it was horribly bitter . I tried a different teaball with the same result , a french press still to no avail , and lastly I tried using a thick paper towel as a makeshift tea bag . It all just tasted horrible . I was really disappointed with this product , and I wo n't be buying from this company again . I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 for the good first 4 days I had with it .
 This tea is horrible , it does not look or taste or smell like green tea at all ! Do n't have more words to say
 If you 're thinking about buying this for `` carpal tunnel syndrome '' or some similiar form of a `` repetitive stress injury '' , then I have a better idea that many people do n't know about.It 's a cure . A cure without surgery , physical therapy , or drugs ! = -RRB- Dr. John E. Sarno has written several books about the true nature of RSIs and other structural ailments . Read `` The Mindbody Prescription '' or `` Healing Back Pain '' . They 're both available here on Amazon . While you 're considering it , read the * hundreds * of reviews from other people.I bought this wrist brace a little over a year ago and as far as it goes , it does just what the manufacturer intended it to do . It will keep your wrist in place fairly well . It made it quite difficult to used a mouse or type effectively , but that 's pretty typical with these things . The reason I give it two stars is not the fault of the manufacturer , but because it 's a crutch and not a cure . It wo n't help you overcome the real problem.I 'm talking from experience
 I would not recomment this pad . I usually wake up during the night and the milk already soaked my bra even though it is thicker than others . Do n't buy it .
 Was n't that amazing but I have a little trouble in that department . My boyfriend and I bought three different products to try to help but sadly did n't see much results from any of them but least of all this one . But please do n't take this to too much heart ... if it 's easy for you this might be the one but if you 're a bit tricky you might want to look elsewhere ...
 It helped the migraine a little but caused severe stomach pain so I would rather just not take it than have to deal with the stomach pains
 I am a woman with sensitive skin . This stuff is probably ok for people without skin alleries and sensitive skin , but it was a nightmare for me . It contains menthol to provide the `` tingle , '' which burned like the Dickens and even washing with soap did not stop the pain . It did n't cause pain on my entire body , just in the vulvar area . It smells really good , is an ok consistency for a silicone lube , and the pump is convenient since it locks closed with a twist . My only complaint is the menthol .
 I first tried Durex lubes -- or any lubes -- when I lived in the UK where they are everywhere because they are the main condom brand ... it 's available everywhere there and little else is . Then I returned to the States and could try the range of K-Y and other products available here . And that 's when I realized how horrible and icky the Durex really is .
 My boyfriend and I used just a dab of this , and after a few seconds a burning sensation kicked in . The bottle says it should be a tingling sensation -LRB- which would have been fine -RRB- , but this was a definite burning sensation instead . It felt as if I 'd accidentally rubbed face wash -LRB- or maybe hot sauce -RRB- in that area . We kept doing our thing for a few minutes , but he found it totally distracting and for me it was counter-productive ... I felt as if it was so unpleasant it made me go dry , which is pretty pathetic for a lube in my opinion.My boyfriend enjoys using a shower gel that has menthol in it , so he enjoys the minty tingling feel of the shower gel -LRB- including on those parts -RRB- . This lubricant was nothing like that at all , despite that the active ingredient is also menthol.After we were done he said it felt like a rash . It took a lot of wiping and washing and probably ten minutes before it had calmed down enough for me to fall asleep .
 I found this product to be extremely unpleasant . I used only a tiny amount the first time , and even though I do n't have sensitive skin it burned like crazy and took a long time for the sensation to go away . I also thought it was too sticky and do n't plan on using it anymore . Total waste of money for me .
 I tried this product with my wife and neither of us liked it . It seemed to be just a cold sensation and it was more of a distraction than a pleasure .
 Aiieee ! The active ingredient in this product is menthol ... just like in Vicks ' Vapo-Rub . And with the same unpleasant burning sensation you 'd get if you applied Vicks to sensitive areas of your body . Use of this product will prevent pregnancy by preventing a sex life .
 My husband and I have tried tons of different types of lubrication and NEVER have we had a reaction like this . We put it on and only about thirty seconds after the application , there was a burning like I 've never felt before . I ended up leaping out of bed and running for a cold wash cloth . It took that , and a fifteen minute shower where I washed and washed and washed , before the burning calmed down a bit . Needless to say , it killed any hope of intimacy . If you 're looking for something to use as an effective birth control , try this , because you definitely will not feel like having sex afterwards .
 My boyfriend and I tried this product . We both felt like we were on fire ! It hurt a lot and we had to stop and wipe off a few times in a row to get as much off as we could and then we put a ton of normal lube on to get rid of the burning.If you do try this , use a very little amount !
 Make sure you read about the product on the page before your purchase here on amazon , I clicked it thinking it was for tingling , read some of the reviews , and saw most people saying it burns , well I read the top of the page , and dont get me wrong , i have noticed ALL external links to the page say tingling , but it says heating at the top of this page . the picture of the product even says tingling , but its the warming lube . -LSB- ... -RSB- and warming lube tends to burn women , due to some unsavory ingredients . I wont ever use warming lube for intimacy after the awful pains it has caused me.At any rate , make sure you read before you purchase !!!!
 First let me say How much I generally LOVE Emergen-C . I have almost every flavor in my house and I drink 2-4 packets a day . I have a condition which requires lots of electrolytes and so I drink lots of fluids and Emergen-c . I prefer The tangerine and the Raspberry . Super Orange is good to . I bought this new Ruby Lemon Honey because a friend of mine was starting to get a cold and I wanted to try the new floavor . Its sounds yummy right ? WRONG !!! It tastes and smells like the inside my my husbands workboots . I felt horrbile because she had never used Emergenc-c before and I raved about it for months . She let telling me how horrible it was and I did not believe her until I stated it and it was totally gross . I am not sure how this flavor even made it past a taste team . Please dont buy this flavor because it is really really horrible . I am taking it back to the store .
 I love Emergen-C , and bought this one because it had zinc in it . Whoever said this tastes like propane is correct . I opened the box and thought something might have died in it and actually double checked to make sure . I had to plug my nose to get it down . Eek .
 This particular flavor makes me gag . It is really horrible and nasty tasting . I prefer the original flavor to this . Or blue .
 While the benefits are spoken for , the taste is so awful it 's not worth it . I had to hold my nose to take it down , and it made it . But then , from the fizziness , it made me burp and the smell of it actually made me vomit . If you open the package the stuff just reeks , and I am sure that it works for people who can stomach the awful taste and smell ... but it 's absolutely horrible . My co-worker tried to add a packet of splenda when she tried it to make it palatable , but she could n't get even a few swallows down even with that . If they made it in pill form , I 'd probably be first in line but this stuff is just putrid . Smells like a landfill on a warm summer 's day and does taste like propane , like the other posters said . I usually love Emergen-C products , but this one is really just not worth it.Source Naturals Wellness Formula , Herbal Defense Complex , Capsules , 240 capsulesis a much better way of kicking the cold/flu and getting your family back on track .
 Starting taking this product and immediately an irregular heartbeat started ... I spent the night in the hospital ... there was another review on this site that experienced this and it was removed ironically after I reported this . I suspect certain ingredients that have been received from over-seas are poor quality ...
 I 'll just say this : It has great vitamins in it , but try not to inhale when opening a packet . The smell is bad -- like something vaguely sewer-esque , something fetid . Another Amazon reviewer said `` cat pee '' and I would say that comes closest . The taste is a lot less severe than the smell , but it certainly does not taste like `` Ruby Lemon Honey '' as the box claims . If you want all these extra nutrients , proceed with caution .
 The only reason I 'm giving this two stars is because it really works . Someone earlier said that this is the only flavor that works - wrong . Maybe for that person , but for this person , they all work equally well . This flavor just happens to be NASTY ! I ca n't even open the envelope without gagging . It stinks . And then , it does n't mix/dissolve very well . Every time you burp , you get a terrible aftertaste - and when you 're sick , this does n't help much.Emergen-C is awesome ! Just steer clear of this flavor .
 i have a really bad cold and a runny nose . so i thought drinking some emergency would help . so i bought this flavor , thinking it would taste great ... i was DEAD WRONGmost horrible flavor ive ever tasted . leaves the nastiest aftertaste too . and even when you try to wash that taste away , you get it again every time you burp . and yes . it smells like some kind of nuclear gas or something . really ... its not pleasant . but it does work . just dont get this flavor ...
 I wanted to try the BreathRX mints . So I did . Cost me more in shippingthan the product cost . And ended up they do n't have a good taste or a taste at all . Will stick with the mints I already have.DS in Castro Valley
 I guess I expected the glasses used by the ME on CSI NY ... but the head band is HARD plastic and although the temples adjust , I could n't stand to have them on my head for more than a minute or so.Despite various attempts at adjustment , either the band was too tight or so loose that it popped the glasses off the bridge of my nose.I bought 3 pair and returned them to Amazon today , as ` quality not up to expectations ' and they paid for the return shipping . I 'll get a complete refund , thank goodness.These would have worked had the band been a LOT more flexible . I could n't even imagine trying to lie down to read in them . Now I know what kids who wore headgear with their braces must have felt.HIDEOUS , AVOID them unless you 're a complete masochist .
 ORDERED FROM AMAZON BUT NEVER RECEIVED THEM . OUT $ 57.00 I WANT BE ORDERING FROM AMAZON AGAIN .
 These glasses fit around your neck fine , however putting them on is quite a challenge for me . The back of the glasses stick out on my head , they are way too large and they slip off.They look quite funny , I do n't use them at all .
 WARNING ! Though these glasses are advertised as `` Unisex , one size fits all '' , they are specifically designed with a permanent strap with extendable arms which allow for VERY LITTLE ADJUSTMENT . In my experience , even with the arms fully extended , the strap was simply too short for practical , comfortable use.Most people like to have enough `` slack '' in their reading glasses to put them low on the nose so as to peer OVER the glasses to see things far away , and look DOWN through the glasses for assistance in seeing things close up . The strap on these glasses holds them too tightly against the eyes to allow me to comfortably place he glasses low on the nose . They also , by virtue of their too-short-strap design , hang very close around the neck , which I also find uncomfortable.I am a medium size man 6 ' tall and 190 lbs . A large professional-athlete sized man might not be able to get these around his head at all.I will say the magnet concept is attractive -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , but I would recommend that unless you are a `` small '' person , you will likely be disappointed in these particular glasses . I gave mine to a diminutive girlfriend who , I hope , will be able to get use out of them .
 I do not have much trouble finding them but they are a pain to wear . I can never figure out if they should be above my hair or below . They are too snug they pinch my nose closed or if I make them longer , they balance an inch off my face and reading is a pain . I think the standard glasses chain with reading glasses is a better idea .
 Clic glasses good in some aspects but for people with a little larger head the adjustable frames could use about an inch more , they are too tight on the head . People with a lot of hair or thick hair will experience the same problem , will not order any more until they adjust properly
 I wear a 7 3/8 hat and these will not fit , not even close . Seems that the manufacturer makes a `` long '' model also and recommend that is what I need . FYI
 These are too small for my head . I do n't know if they make a larger size but these things are too small . Yes these do adjust but they just do not adjust enough to fit me . So for kids or small heads they should work fine but since they do not fit me and no size options are offered ... . I have to give them a poor review .
 Let me start off by saying that I returned these ... and re-ordered the correct size for a man -LRB- XXL -RRB-
 I have hair to the nape of my neck and when I wear these glasses , ithey either compress my hair and I look goofy , or if I tuck the arms under my hair , it sticks up and I look goofier . These are great in theory , but they are probably best for those who have short hair or are bald .
 I bought 2 pair of these and returned both . Cool looking but not on . They do n't work with long hair - duh . And my husband 's head is too big .
 The reviews are mixed ... some say they do n't fit , others say that they 're adjustable and those with problems just do n't know how to adjust them . I trusted the latter half and decided to try them , since those that liked them really liked them.I 'm 5 ' 9 '' and have an average-sized head . These barely adjust far enough that the neck loop does n't cause them to pull against my nose _ much _ . -LRB- And I know how to adjust them . -RRB- I have to be very careful when snapping the magnets together , because I have so little clearance that I get pinched by them if I 'm not.But the glasses touch my nose only on the bridge at one narrow point ... the sides do n't touch my nose at all , and after about ten minutes , my nose started to get sore . I need my reading glasses -LRB- I had stepped on my last pair -RRB- , so I kept wearing them until they gave me a headache , and my nose was still sore the next morning.I bought nose pads to cushion the bridge and they 're still uncomfortable ... the band does n't let them slide down past the bridge of my nose where the sides can rest on my nose , even with the additional thickness of the pads . They 're very heavy compared to any other glasses I 've owned , too , which adds to the discomfort.These glasses were a total waste of money . The problem is n't that some people ca n't figure out how to adjust them , the problem is that they were made only for people with small heads .
 I have 2 pairs of these type of reading glasses but I never thought I would have to return a pair . I got a pair for my husband and they fit too snug . I never thought to check his size before I ordered them.If they can make a size wider they would be a perfect fit . Otherwise they are great.CliC Adjustable Front Connect Reader , 1.50 Strength , Tortoise Frame
 I have seen and spoken to other people with this type of glasses who just loved them . I thought they would be the answer to the problem I have with constantly looking for my glasses . Due to the fact that I have long hair the glasses do not work as well for me . The strap is too short when not on my face which makes them a little too tight around my neck . If the strap were longer it would be too messy with my hair . I wear them under my hair so the longer strap would not work . I still would recommend these glasses for men or short haired women .
 These specs are uncomfortable and akward to wear . The idea is clever but unfortunately but the reality is it just does n't work well . I keep thinking maybe I need an instuction sheat because it seems like it oughta be a good thing but I pretty much already know how to wear glasses so I conclude that these are a miss .
 Great idea but to small for many heads . The glasses ca n't be used on the bridge of the nose and looked over because the hoop is tight against the back of the head . Glad I did n't buy but one pair .
 This is a clever and stylish alternative design to the old way glasses are presented BUT despite expansion capability the glasses did n't fit 2 out of 3 persons we asked to try them on . How could a company sell these without accomodating people 's various head sizes ?
 I have a large hat size - 7 5/8 - and these do n't even come close to being usable . The glasses ca n't even come together because of this . Nice idea , but not eveyone has a small head size . I note someone else said the same thing with a 7 1/4 hat size . They are being returned .
 These glasses arrived yesterday and are the cheapest , poorly made , and most awkward glasses I have ever tried on . They are uncomfortable and look and feel as if they were purchased in the 10 cent bin at the local dollar store . Pure garbage . Do n't waste your money . -LSB- ... -RSB- I ca n't imagine that any consumer would think of these in a positive manner .
 These are impossible to keep on my face . I threw them away because they were so wierd . The ear piece extended behind my head , causing me to look like a dorky alien . . Do n't bother
 Too small !!! I was disappointed with the readers . Although they are &#34; adjustable &#34; , they do not fit a normal adult head .
 I was extremely disappointed . These glasses continually come apart . They are more of a pain to wear then looking for my reading glasses .
 I saw these reading glases on CSI NY and desided to try them . I think the idea is great but there is not enough ajustablility in them They need more of a loop in back much to small around neck and head , if raise my head to look up they come unhooked . They are mad for fgolks with very small heads !!!
 I am disappointed mostly with myself . I own a pair of CliC 's sunglasses that I use for skiing and have always found them tight . Other reviews of these CliC reading glasses also mentioned that they appear designed for men with small heads . These were so tight on me -LRB- even when enlarged to their larges position -RRB- that they gave me headaches . Optical quality was fine but the sizing is an issue that I can not get around . I would not recommend this product to anyone with a hat size larger than 7.5 -LRB- not THAT big a head -RRB- . Peter
 Such a good idea . Too bad it does n't let you know that the back of the glasses is murder on the hair ! Under , over , what ? It looks awful on me . Wish I had someone to give them to . They look just terrible , but would be fine for someone with very short hair .
 Do n't be fooled by the word `` adjustable '' . While I do n't have a monster sized head , I would consider my head size normal for a larger man . The problem with these is that they 're so narrow that they crush my temples - instant headache potential . Even with them fully adjusted for length , they 're still way too small . Also , the magnetic connectors in front have to be fiddled with to get them to click together straight . Nice idea , but improvements needed in this product before they should be put out there on the market as a `` one size fits all '' type product . Especially at this price .
 This is a good product but questionable for women . The back strap has to go around the head , so if you have a hair-do that will get messed up , this will do it . Great for men .
 This is the second pair we have purchased . The new pair has a CLIC logo printed on the lense of the glasses . The logo will not come off . We will not buy another pair . We used them for reading , not advertising for the company .
 These glasses seem like a good idea for people like me that need `` cheaters '' to read anything up close . I work on a flightline in Iraq and need glasses that I can put on quickly and these seemed like a great solution . It 's a shame that they were made so cheap . I have an average size head and they barely fit me . With the extenders pulled all the way out they are a tight fit , if I move my head at all they come open , very frustrating . They are now sitting in my junk drawer .
 plastic frame holds glasses too close too head -- and is too small in width . Liked the idea of magnetic connection for the glasses .
 I despise trying to deal with my reading glasses all day long , so I was excited to try the clic reader . These are a good idea , but there are flaws in the design : If you have long hair , be prepared to be annoyed . The `` connecter '' in the back of the glasses is firm plastic . When you have the glasses around your neck , that 's no big deal , but when you put them on you end up with one of the following problems : * If you leave the connecter under your hair , you will have a big `` bump-out '' sticking out the back of your head ; * If you go through some acrobatics to have the connector outside your hair , you look like you 're wearing one of the old-fashioned dental retainers ; * No matter which way you choose to wear these with long hair , you will end up tangled in your hair several times a day.There are other problems whether you have long hair or not : * With the glasses on , if you lean your head back against a headrest , the connector in the back will be pushed forward and the glasses pushed off your face ; * If you leave the lenses unfolded while hanging around your neck , the magnets are drawn to each other and end up under your chin ; If you fold the lenses in to keep the magnets from attaching while under your neck , you end up having fingerprint smudges on the lenses every time you put them on ; * With the glasses on your face , the magnet connection is not perfect and pinches of the skin on your nose are inevitable.I wanted to love these , but they created more annoyances than regular reading glasses .
 We were really excited to find these readers . My husband is always losing his , however these are meant for only folks with a small face/head . They do n't seem to fit the average person - unfortunately we had to return them . When they make some that have a larger circumference we would be happy to try again .
 unfortunately they do not fit , even the long size is no wider then the regular , i e-mailed clic then said try sonomas . how about putting a width dimension in the description .
 I was disappointed in the fact that the part that hangs around your neck was made from the same material as the glasses frame and would not conform to the neck and was very uncomfortable . Seems that a softer material would be more pleasing .
 Look better than they are . They are way too small for my husband to wear and not nearly as comfortable to use or wear as I anticipated .
 I thought wow what a great thing . I can finally stop coloring my hair . Well , if it seems too good to be true , it probably is.I took it for a week and starting having severe stomach pains and diarrhea . I started checking into the side effects and found it can cause LIVER malfunction and failure if taken too long . The stomach pains and diarrhea were symptoms of the liver problems it was creating . I stopped using it . I started feeling better after a few days . I have not taken it since .
 When I first received this product that I wanted to try out and upon reading the ingredients it said it contain lead and did not need to go any further ... no wonder they would not display the ingredients . At least i got my money back
 Purchased this product because it seemed to be a natural alternative ... claims are highly over-rated . DO N'T waste your time or your money . Product did not work . I took it for a few weeks just to be certain .
 This product clearly states on the label California Prop 65 Warning
 These tweezers are so not worth $ 5 that I barely know where to start . As you can see from the picture , the light is positioned in the middle . I should have realized that this was a design flaw because it automatically means that the tweezers can not maintain a grip on small hairs.If you intend to use these tweezers only for eyebrows , they will work fine . There is enough grip to hold onto thicker , longer hairs and yank them out -LRB- ouch -RRB- . However , if you are in the menopause crowd , like me , and have unwanted facial hair -LRB- i.e. , whiskers -RRB- on your chin , these will not work at all . These tweezers will not hold onto , much less pull out , these tough little hairs . They are absolutely the worst for this purpose that I have ever seen .
 I did n't think I had that large of a head , the closed loop of these glasses , and the limited adjustability made my purchase impossible to use.Good quality construction , but definitely for those with small heads .
 These are clumsy ... I agree with Keith , in the review above . My hubby has a big neck -LRB- from football physique -RRB- and these are not comfortable for him . I would still like the magnetic front closure , but it would be nice if the back , that goes around your neck , were a bit more flexible.As it is now , I have to unconnect these so many times , it 's irritating . They do n't just slide off , like on a chain of rope . You have to pull them apart and connect them around your neck . Then pull them apart and re-adjust them on the bridge of your nose . I know this sounds petty , or silly , but until you wear them , it 's hard to explain . You ca n't just ` flick ' them off ... they are wrapped around your head . I think you will either love or hate this feature.Also , I would prefer that the magnifying lenses be like half-lenses so if I have to get up and walk around , or look at something in the distance , I could just look over the tops of the lenses.Maybe it 's all in what you 're used to ... but I wo n't buy another pair until there are some changes in the design .
 When my friend told me that she saw these glasses hanging around a woman 's neck and how they worked I had to have them!Well , I have them and rarely , if ever , wear them.The frame is made of a stiff material , so first and foremost , if you want to rest your head on the back of a chair or carseat , they are pushed forward , off of your face . When hanging around the neck , one ca n't just slide them up to the eyes , they must be opened and put on above at the forehead and slid into place . And they 're not attractive looking when on , either.In other words , they 're a pain in the neck !
 Sent them back . Was not what I was expecting . The head band part is ridged and not flexable . Uncomfortable over ears and forget about having a ponytail in because it will not fit over or under one .
 I was very disappointed in the Clic Readers . The glasses themselves were great butI purchased them for my wife and she will hardly use them because the strap was tooshort . Even after adjusted all the way out . So now she has a pair that are kept in the drawer and will never be used .
 Good concept . Like others who have reviewed the product , it is just a little too small for my big head so the glasses jam up against my eyeballs particularly when I bend my head back . Too bad because I so wanted this to work for me .
 The extention on the arms is not long enough to fit my head.It needs to come out about another inch or two.That would give you more of an adjustment.Do you have another size ? I would be glad to swap .
 I was very disappointed with the way the glasses fit . I was away when the glasses arrived . When I returned , I found that I missed the deadline in sending them back .
 These glasses were recommended by a man . I did n't find them to be as practical as he did , because they get caught in my long hair . They do n't look particularly attractive on me , partly because they do n't fit very well . I 'm returning them in favor of my `` drugstore '' readers .
 Glasses are good until after a month it goes from clear to green and leaves green dye on your face . Buy the black ones though because the glasses are sound and tough , but not the clear .
 I do n't care for these readers . I own about 40 pair of reading glasses . I 'm helpless without them . I wear them on my head . I liked the idea of wearing them around my neck instead . They are difficult to adjust . They do n't adjust properly for me . They are stiff and cumbersome . Maybe they work better for large heads , I do n't know . I 'm an average-size woman . I 'll stick to my Wal-Mart $ 7.99 readers .
 These glasses work as advertised but are very uncomfortable to wear . I would not recommend them .
 I tried these , because I got tired of losing my glasses . They are too tight on my head , as I ca n't slide them down my nose as I do normal reading glasses.As I am a nurse I am constantly going from needing to see closely to not and back again . I like wearing my glasses on the tip of my nose , and these did not allow me to do it , therefore I never wear them .
 These glasses are very sturdy but they 're so stiff and wide around your head that they do n't stay on your nose . My neck aches when I wear them . Save your money ...
 Looked like a great invention - UNFORTUNATELY , glasses are too tight around my head - I do not have a small head but not a large one either-Needless to say , these do not work at all .
 At first I thought it would be a good idea ... but actually they look horrible - like saftey glasses or something . Maybe if you are a geeky guy these are a good solution - but if you want to avoid looking like an idiot you should move on to something more stylish
 If your hat size is 7.5 or above skip this product .
 these things are extremely tight and dont position far enough down my nose . They definatley need a larger version .
 This is a good idea , but if you are a large man with a large neck and a large face , these glasses will not fit you.I gave mine away to a friend that could fit them .
 These glasses were a bit of a disappointment . The convenience was out weighed by the uncomfortable fit - they were really snug with no possibility of adjustment . And actually they were annoying with how they hung when not in use . Great idea but maybe some `` fine tuning '' would help ... like a more flexible strap rather than the plastic frame just being super long to go around your neck .
 The product was too small to go around my head - and the lens were not the correct specifications.I still could not see through the lens .
 Nice idea and they seem well made , but if your head is larger than average , they wo n't fit.As soon as I tilt my head up , they un-snap . A shame really ... Just read about the inventor in Fortune Small Business and it 's a great story , but an investment in other sizes would be wise .
 They are good but not great . My head is not parade float size , but they are snug to uncomfortable after wearing they for a while.I must 've missed the fact that the neck strap is rigid . If you tilt your head up , it will be annoying because that neck strap/pipe thing will push the glasses forward.I got the clear , the downside is the magnet is visible so you will be rocking a Revenge of the Nerds taped glasses look.Otherwise , good reading glasses . Too big for my taste , going back to cheaper readers with an over the counter cloth neck strap . Those are not worth the expense .
 This product should be available in stores in order to be tried on to determine fit and feel . Does not work well with long hair . I found it to be more a hassle than a help .
 I read the reviews before purchasing these glasses . I did not think I would have any problem with the size as I have a fairly small head size . They cut into the side of my temples and above my ear and were unwearable . I am returning them !
 I do n't make it habit to write reviews on products , but I feel compelled to express my dissatisfaction with this product . I gave it a 1 star as I can see absolutely no redeeming qualities . What I do not like
 The idea of these glasses is truly great . Unfortunately , I had to get rid of them because my face started to swell up and my skin felt strange plus I got headaches . Finally , I figured out that this was caused by the built-in magnet on the bridge of the glasses . The symptoms went away when I stopped wearing the glasses . I miss them , but I can not wear them , it was a frightening experience.Anybody who is considering wearing these glasses and is sensitive or allergic in any way , watch out !!!
 Over 2 yrs , bought 5 pair . All broke in same place , behind the left ear , rendering them unusuable . Clic company took no responsibility , just suggested buying more . Too bad . Sold lots of them to others . They had the same problem after a few months . A responsible company would listen . They did n't .
 These glasses do not work . not only do they look cheap -LRB- worst of plastic ever ! -RRB- they never fit anyone properly !! and the lenses are even worst ! they fog up so easily , scratch even with tissue and none of the four i bought have the right prescribed reading grade . save your money - not even worth a penny . If you must have them , the black looks half way decent . Red really looks the worst of the bunch - looks like toy plastic .
 Idea is OK -LRB- because of television -RRB- , but the glasses will only fit a VERY small person or someone with a very narrow head - less the size 7 !!!!
 I tried to purchase a CliC reader -- unfortunately , I was NOT allowed to do so as I live in Australia!The idea sounds great , and probably lots of my friends in our embroidery group -LRB- and their friends -RRB- would have been interested as well , but - I ca n't purchase the initial set.Bit short-sighted -- I definitely will NOT buy at an inflated price at your choice of importer .
 GOOD IDEA , BUT THEY LOOK VERY GEEKY . WHEN THEY CONNECT , THEY ARE TOO TIGHT . OK FOR AROUND THE HOUSE , FISHING ETC. , BUT DO N'T LET ANYONE SEE YOU WEARING THEM . MAY GET YOU A STARRING ROLE IN THE NEXT `` REVENGE OF THE NERDS '' MOVIE !
 I love the Honey Stinger Organic Waffles for long workouts . So I assumed that these would be great too and bought a case of the Honey Stinger Gold Gels . I should have read more closely because I did not realize that this is basically a shot of pure honey with some additives . While I like honey on different things , it is way too sweet to me to take straight as an engergy gel . They do work fine once you get them down , but the hard part for me is getting them down at all . I even tried mixing them directly into a water bottle but that tasted like medicine . So I will stick with the GU and Hammer Gels .
 Great for when you need a sugar rush , very high in simple carbs , and easy to swallow , but the Strawberry flavor is NOT tasty . I find the Carb Boom gels much more palatable , and the Accel Gel pretty good and not as thick , so easier to swallow .
 Honey was spilled in the box , so I had to take out all the gel packs to clean them . I realized the mess after I opened the box ; otherwise , I would 've returned it .
 This was the most flimsy toy I 've bought . As soon as it arrived , I put the batteries in and turned the plastic knob at the base . The whole thing snapped right off . In order to get a new one , I 'd have to pay shipping so it 's really not worth the hassle to me . Not to mention the material they used for this is like tape . It sticks to everything and attracts lint and hair . Save your money
 I ordered the anitmicrobial Dr. G and was sent an anti-fungal . When I questioned them , I was told this was the newest . I have no idea as Dr. G makes all kinds of similar products . As to it 's effectiveness , I have no idea as yet . It was stated on the order for m that this was the newest product but I think that I should have been notified about the change in order so that I had a choice .
 Lewis Lecithin Granules 16 OuncesThis item is flavored . I wanted plain . You can not see the flavors on the label it looks like the unflavored Lecithin container . I will donate it to the food pantry since I 'd have to pay shipping to send it back .
 I just bought it yesterday . It is n't a cheap product , but I thought it would be nice if I could save dryer time and not use fabric softener sheets.However , with my home dryer , drying time was the same , and it did n't soften laundry at all . At least , I did n't notice any difference . If people still need to use fabric softener sheets , what is the point ? If I had known this result , I would n't have bought this . I am very disappointed .
 Thought I 'd try these out so I could save some money -LRB- by not having to buy dryer sheets -RRB- and do my part for the environment -LRB- not throwing out all the dryer sheets -RRB- . However , I do n't think these help reduce drying time , they seem to always be stuck in a sleeve or somewhere . And they do NOTHING for static cling , which in the winter is a real problem . So I end up using dryer sheets for most loads anyway . The only load they seem to work for is towels , as there is n't a place for them to get stuck and they do n't have much static cling anyway .
 People , do n't waste your money ! Not only do these do nothing to shorten dryer time or reduce static cling , the balls crack and come apart within 6 months . Total waste of time and money !
 Please do not buy this product to save energy . It does not save you any energy or dryer time at all . I have tested this the scientific way . You may read all about it here , or better , just go on and look for something else to buy . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Until they heat up , they sound like rocks in the dryer . Both ball split in half after 3 months . Avoid like the plague .
 Way too loud ! I do not leave my dryer running when I am not home so I hear every bing , bang , boom of every load . Gives me a headache !! Save your money and avoid the headache ... leave the dryer balls at the store !!!!
 I had high hopes for these dryer balls and put off buying them for some time to see what others thought . After finding a good deal I broke down and bought them , but I was disappointed for the beginning . The balls really do n't do anything , especially for static cling . It is now worse than it was without the dryer balls , causing my clothes to have a large amount of extra static build up . Your money is much better spent buying dryer sheets or fabric softener than these worthless things !
 I did a little test while I was visiting my Daughter-In-Law , who possesses not only Dryer Balls , but a nice supply of tennis balls . For the test I washed two feather pillows from our motor home , which had become musty during storage . I washed them separately , each with a towel to balance the load . After washing , I dried each set with a dryer sheet in addition to the balls , mostly for fragrance
 The only thing I noticed was that with Bounce , my clothes have no static cling . With dryer balls instead of Bounce , lots of static cling!Drying time remained the same . Softness -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- remained the same .
 Why would you use this item when any type of ball works ? Tennis balls are my choice , and they can even be spritzed with some fragrance !
 If you ca n't use dryer sheets or fabric softener , this is better than nothing at all . Static cling still abounds , unfortunately . Many times the balls get stuck in arms of clothing so it takes a bit of searching before starting the next load . Not a big deal . I 'm glad I bought them , but I still long to use dryer sheets .
 Had someone ask if the CLA works for weight loss . I found no added benefit and found that a diet with plenty of veggies works better - and is cheaper .
 This did not work for me at all . I even paired it with borage oil , but I did not see any changes .
 CLA works for me . I believe all brands are probably equivalent . However , the description for this product is misleading . It say 180 softgels , two pack . To me that means two bottles , 180 pills in each bottle . Upon rereading , I realized there are only 90 pills in each bottle . That makes this a very bad -LRB- and expensive -RRB- deal . No thanks . I canceled my order .
 Cheap quality , but you ca n't beat the price . If your office/clinic hammers tend to ` walk off ' , then this is a good buy .
 I bought this thermometer for my baby but never had a chance to try - it never turned on when unpacked . I didnt bother replacing because not worth the effort ... Just bought other brand
 I have a son with ASD/ADHD . He is unable to fall asleep . I have not observed any difference in his behavior when he takes this .
 It does nothing for calming , or even sleeping . Has a horrible smell I can only imagine how it tastes . Stopped giving before full bottle cause the was NO effect
 Did not work as promised in description . My children were up all night . It was like someone gave them 100 cups of coffee .
 I have an over active 7 year old to whom I gave this a few times and it did nothing . It was almost as if I had given her water !
 This does n't have the same effect on kids as the regular Valerian has on adults . My daughter is 21 months old and it barely did anything to her the first time she took it , and the second time and there after it did n't do anything .
 Melatonin dissolving tabs work much better . This stuff smells and tastes foul and it needs to be mixed with juice or something else to get a child to take it . But then you have to make sure the kid drinks the whole cup of juice . Melatonin tabs are easier .
 I have a very active child , takes her hours to settle down . I tried it with her , more than once , hoping that it would help her sleep at night . She goes to bed at 730 and does n't fall asleep until sometimes 10/11 and wakes up at 6/7 the next day . She was obviously more active after giving it to her . I did not change her routine or anything .
 I was looking for something better than those carried at Target or Walmart.Massage had loose part making rattling sound inside within 2 weeks . I am not impressed with the construction quality . Similiar item can be purchased locally for $ 30 or a lot less .
 First of all , I waited two weeks to receive these drops . Not only was the package poorly wrapped and packed.These drops only has a three months shelf life . I will never purchase again from this company .
 I have bad knees so I thought these socks may help . I 'm a size 14 in women 's so ordered the largest size -LRB- XL -RRB- available . I could not get the sock up to my knees they were way too small/tight . My calf skin was bulging over the sock and cut off my circulation ! No I 'm not fat in my calves , I have very firm muscles , I do alot of walking daily since I have 7 dogs . In XL these should have fit . I 've returned them , of course I expected a full refund since they were never worn but they subtracted $ 7.34 from my return because I opened one package -LRB- to try it on -RRB- and they call it a repacking fee ? Glad they do n't charge me to try things on in stores . Be warned , not only do they run small but you 'll be charged for trying them on !
 Received item quickly but definitely was not a 2x ... could n't get over my knee . Did n't bother sending it back !!!!! Pricing was cheap so will give it away
 I ordered the wrong product by mistake , mea culpa . From there it was very downhill . I returned the product to the company -LRB- IOS out of Cheyenne , Wyoming -RRB- with a letter asking for a refund , willing to pay a restock fee , willing to purchase the correct product . No response at all . No contact information to contact the company , so I e-mailed them twice , no response . It took a letter to my credit card company contesting the purchase to get any response , and even then , I had to provide proof that I returned the product - a copy of the letter accompanying the returned product , together with the post office receipt showing that I mailed it - to get ANY response . By then , it was a month later . Finally I was advised by my credit card company that I was being reimbursed for the cost of the product . By the way , the product itself is GREAT . It has saved me from all hot flashes , and I was having between 20-30 per day !
 I personally think they are a waste of money . But every now and again she reorders them . She has used them for more than 10 years . The seller was excellent with the service . Not to worry in that regard .
 I mistakenly ordered Progon . My doc said to go head and use it ... I had to stop taking it . Had chest pains , anxiety , shortness of breath , constipation , and severe hot flashes . It was just not for me .
 Good idea but needs improvement . Lids do n't fit well . Do n't put the lids in the oven ; no I did n't read the instructions , but it says ovenware . Once these are improved - if nothing else `` Do n't put lid in oven '' - in BOLD PRINT on front of packaging - I think these will be fabulous !
 I used to order the NOW Stevia extract all the time and it was very good . This is not the same thing . It is NOW Better Stevia with alcohol . I thought it was the same stuff I always bought because of the misleading picture . I should have read the ingredients more carefully .
 I was a little let down with this stevia , and the lid did n't want to stay tight so I have chocolate all over . I wish it were a little more chocolate and not so syrupy
 Important note that the chocolate stevia contains alcohol . It is NOT alcohol free . -LRB- Though I do n't know about the other flavors . -RRB-
 I was very disappointed with the flavor . I used just a little bit of it in baking . This was a test recipe , so the ingredients were very basic . Nothing else could have caused this flavor aside from Stevia . My cupcakes had a distinct bitter aftertaste that remained in my mouth for the duration of the night . Luckily my child liked the cupcake , so I am giving it an extra star for that.I also tried a drop of it in plain Lipton tea . Yuck . Same bitter taste !
 I have loved using flavored stevia drops , but this has a thick syrupy thexture that makes it had to use and very messy . It had a nice flavor and the price was great - but I 'll stick with the more expensive name-brand next time . It is the first time that I have used this brand .
 It taste like a Tootsie Roll , not really chocolaty enough for me . It also has a bitter aftertaste , but some people do n't seem to notice it . I 'm going to try Capella Drops next and see if I like them better .
 The strap that goes behind your knee/leg is too wide and rubs . I will be looking for another patella strap that is not as wide . Also the one size fits all is huge . I need to overlap my velcro straps and my legs are not super skinny . -LRB- my calves are about 14 inches circumference , not sure my knee , but not abnormally thin -RRB- I can not imagine an average sized man or women who the straps would effectively fit . The brand needs to have sizes . I may try to trim the straps , but overall , not pleased with this purchase .
 This knee brace has hinges but they do not lock before hyperextension . It is useless . Find something else if you want to protect your knee .
 I use this brace while ski racing . It fits over my speed suit . Unfortunately it is sized on the small side and would just barely Velcro together . I should have got a medium instead of going with the sizing charts . Then I pushed on the hinge one day and it snapped in 2 pieces . Turns out the actual hinge is plastic . I will invest in a better built brace to replace this for my stretched CLL tendon . This is really lightweight in performance , buyer beware , I pretty much wasted my money on this one .
 I finally received this brace this morning , wore it all day and it has felt good . Good mobility even with a brace . Be very careful with your sizing . I am 5 ' 2 about 168 pounds-combo of muscle of and some extra pounds that I can certainly lose-I had to get the XXL in order to fit properly . So I would highly recommend going bigger than you normally would . -------------- 11/28/12Well , FLA will be getting a call in the morning-the straps at the very top - on either side of the brace broke . The straps not only hold that top velcro strap but it covers the very top of the metal . All day long I had metal poking into my thigh , felt great . So I am hoping that we can work out some sort of a deal as I do need the brace but for the price I am very disappointed that it lasted only a month . -------------- 12/13/12Had contacted the company directly , they sent me to the seller . The seller bounced me around to three different departments where I was told to email them . Emailed them . Response saying that they would see what they could do . Well it is now 12/13 still no return authorization -LRB- supposedly they put it in the mail -RRB- and no usable brace . Just kinda bummed about the situation and I know that I am just one person in the grand scheme of things but it is very discouraging to be out the money and be hobbling around . -------------- 01/08/13Sent an email to the company since I have not received a replacement or money back ... no anything . Got a message back that was n't personalized or anything saying my account was credited . ??????????????????? so there you have it . I dropped this review down to 1 star because the product was good while it lasted but seriously just feeling like a number to these folks . Sigh . Back to the drawing board trying to find a decent brace .
 UPDATE TO BELOW REVIEW
 My last one was excellent and lasted ten years . This one fell apart after wearing it just five times and the side support would always slip out . Very unimpressive .
 Too large . I 'm 5 ft. 9 in . and weigh 350 lbs . Did n't stay in place . Even if it were smaller It would n't fit correctly or provide adequate support .
 I used to wear a $ 10 one that I bought from Walmart . But I wanted something that gives me more support and comfort . I decided on this product primarily due to the good reviews . Based on manufacturer 's web site , I found that my size is right between medium and large . I ordered a pair of large first to be on the safe side . But oversizing is not a good thing . Even if you can strap down the top and bottom , the middle portion is still too loose to provide adequate support . I returned it back to the 3rd party seller for exchange -LRB- $ 5 fee -RRB- . The medium size fits snug on top and bottom without strapping down . The knee portion is tight enough provide a good level of support , though I do not feel any improvement to what I used to have . On top of that , this product is heavier , harder to put it on and off , and can get very warm and sweaty in the summer . Had I known what I know , I would have saved the money for the upgrade .
 The company sent the wrong color for starters . The brace was so big that , even wearing it over my pants , it slid down . I called the company about the problem and they refused to even listen . So now I am out nearly $ 60 for a product I ca n't use because it is too big . Even if I 'd not worn it they said they would not take it back . I think this is most unfair . I will never deal with them again .
 I picked these up at my local heath food store , thinking that if they sold them at the health food store they must be good . However , they had an overpowering flowery smell that made me downright sick . The smell was so bad and so powerful that I had to immediately go over the surface I had cleaned with another cleaning product to get rid of the smell of these wipes . The only people who I could imagine liking these are those who like really heavy , flowery perfumes . Not me . After using just two wipes , I threw away the whole package . Getting my money 's worth from the package was not worth the headache they gave me .
 Did not like this product at all due to comfort issues , I definitely prefer the the pillow w / coxxyx-cutout over this one .
 I bought this because I have crappy health insurance and ca n't really afford to see a doctor . It did not work and I still had to see a doctor for antibiotics .
 This stuff just does n't work ! After using it for a couple of months I noticed that my mugs were building up brown tea stains inside , and flatware usually came out with a film on it that looks like it was n't rinsed clean.There 's no problem with my dishwasher , because when I switched back to Cascade , the brown stained mugs got clean in one wash , and flatware comes out clean the first time.P.S . I 'm getting much better results with other Seventh Generation products ; their liquid dish soap and their spray surface cleaner both work fine .
 I use this for washing full loads of wine stemware -LRB- which is essentially clean when it goes in the dishwasher -RRB- and it does a good job with that . But it is * awful * at washing dirty dishes . It leaves food stuck to dishes . And no , this is not a matter of my ignorance using a dishwasher . The same dishwasher using the same techniques -- quick pre-rinse ; no dried-on food -- yields perfectly clean dishes every time when I use Cascade -LRB- and has for years -RRB- . I like being green when practical , but pre - * washing * dishes is not practical .
 A box of this detergent was purchased for my office . Of course , we do n't have a high-end dishwasher , but all we 're cleaning is water cups , coffee mugs , silverware and the occasional plate or bowl someone used for lunch . I 've never used such a dysfunctional dishwashing soap
 I 'm a big guy ; this should have fit . I always need to buy things extra large , but this is too big . Also , it hits quite high , both front and back , so it is awkward to wear . You are n't able to bend much in the front , and the stays in the back jab the top of your butt . They also tend to push your underwear down ! But most importantly , there is - very - little ability to adjust the snugness . There are very thin strips of velcro on the `` adjustment '' belt , so narrow that , basically , you - ca n't - adjust the thing . I ca n't get it tight enough . Not a useful purchase !
 I bought this belt hoping to minimize further injury to my back during a recent move . I have chronic lumbar & sacral issues , and lifting/moving is always an issue for me.The packaging shows no instructions on how to wear the belt , so I was kind of on my own there and it took a few times to get it to where I think it 's how the manufacturer intended it . I tried wearing this brace both over a light shirt and underneath , directly against my skin . It pretty much stayed in place as long as I did n't move too much , but the more bending/lifting/walking I did , the more I found myself adjusting it and pulling it back down . It 's not necessarily uncomfortable against your skin , but could be irritating to some.What was a definite problem was that the squeezing of the belt seemed to actually aggravate my sciatica further . My guess is that I was out of alignment , and the pressure of the belt against that misalignment further compressed the nerve . I had immediate relief when I removed the belt.Perhaps I purchased this belt with the wrong intentions for use - I know there are moving belts out there but they 're not made for women , and I wanted a proper fit near my hips . I am 5 ' 7 '' and 135 lbs . - I ordered the small and it just fit.I would not recommend this belt if you plan to be active . Perhaps if you 're just going to sit all day , it would work .
 I BROUGHT THIS BACK BRACE THINKING IT HAD BRA-LIKE HOOKS WHICH IT DID NOT . AFTER I TRIED TO WEAR IT , IT ROLLED UP AND PAINFUL WHILE SITTING IN THE DOCTORS OFFICE . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE OVER 150 LBS .
 For all of you that thought I liked everything ... I found something that I do n't like . It does n't lather enough and loses lather too quickly for me . I will give you that I shave most of my face and a full head of hair . That is quite a bit . Other soaps stand up to it though and this does n't cut it . I also do n't like the oil slick floating on the water when I 'm done . Sorry but not for me .
 I adore TOBS products , I really believe they are of great quality and value . This particular shave cream delivers on the slick cushioning that users have come to expect . I can not fault it on that aspect ... however , the scent , the scent is dreadful . Sorry to say that I could n't wait to wash this off and be rid of it forever.The aroma is of `` fake '' rose and has to my senses , a chemical smell that I simply could n't abide . It did give me a great and comfortable shave , but it seemed I was enveloped in a cloud of sickly awfulness that would n't go away easily.A great product , but this one is not for me.Cheers
 I 'm new to the DE shaving scene and started out with some PORASO shaving soap . I liked it , eucalyptus scent was very nice but could n't stop there . So I tried the TOBS sandalwood cream and found I preferred cream to soap . The TOBS Sandalwood shaving cream was moist and did n't seem to dry out my skin like the Poraso . Decided to try another TOBS `` flavor '' and after reading the Rose reviews bought a jar . I wonder if I got a lemon ? The Sandalwood cream is really cream . It is soft and very easy to dip a finger in and scoop out a dab and put it in the palm of my hand and then use my brush to make a lather . The TOBS Rose I received is not a cream . It 's as hard as a rock . I did scrape up some and used it and it works but I 'm really disappointed that it 's not a cream like the Sandalwood . As to the scent , yup roses and very faint . Dissipates fairly quickly but a whiff stays with you . On the whole I like the scent , just wish that it was really a cream . Anyone else have this problem ? Rating
 I bought this following all the rave reviews . I may have been expecting too much but this stuff definitely dries your skin out far more than regular cans of shaving cream . The lather stuff is nice but if it does n't leave your skin soft , then it is kind of pointless . I bought this stuff last fall and used it for a bit , but as winter came I had to switch back to a can of cream which surprisingly worked really well with the safety razor . Also the Rose fragrance is not as overpowering as you think . I was personally hoping it would give off more smell , but it is really suttle and does not stick with you throughout the day unfortunately .
 This company had this product listed . I ordered . They canceled with NO explanation . Several days , maybe a week , later I noticed the item was still listed and for the exact same price . I ordered again . Again , they canceled with no explanation . I could understand if they had , by mistake , listed the price wrong the first time . But , when a week later it was still listed the same way , they should have to honor it . This company is totally unreliable.I can not believe Amazon allows this to continue .
 Do n't buy from this seller . You might not get your product . Shop around for a different seller .
 Seller is n't dependable . Did n't get the order that I placed . Be very careful when ordering from this company .
 First off , let me say that every other Mrs. Meyer 's product I have tried has been fantastic . I purchased these thinking that they would give a lovely scent to my laundry . The cabinet in which I store them smells wonderful . However , even using 2 or 3 sheets , I can notice no significant trace of the smell on my laundry after drying . I am disappointed . I have found that when I wash a rag doused with the countertop spray , the whole load has a nice smell .
 I purchased the basil scent at my local grocery store . This products smells great , but they do not work AT ALL for helping with static cling . I am extremely disappointed ! If you are looking for something to help with static cling in your laundry , this is NOT the product for you .
 We used this for several years and loved it until they changed the sheet material . Now it 's a total static nightmare . Really disappointed as we use Meyer 's for almost everything . Unless they change to something that works , I would n't spend a $ 1 on it now .
 Ok , I workout regularly -LRB- 4-5 times a week -RRB- and I eat pretty much healthy foods/balanced diet . I am not fat or overweight I 'm more of a muscular build due to my free weights training and doing some of the P90X moves for cardio and/or running , I am pretty much active overall . However , despite of all that I still have some fat surrounding my mid section . From all the great reviews in here I decided to give ` Now Foods CLA ' a try and see if that would help me lose that extra stubborn fat ... well ... It did n't ... I 'm not sure If I got a different bottle of CLA from everyone else here or what , but this did n't do a thing for me . I took the recommended dosage described on the bottle and again continue a balanced healthy diet and exercise routine and finished the entire bottle and * nothing * changed at all same weight and same measurements from when I started taking the pills ... . I do use ` Now Foods green tea extract ' pills and that seems to work OK for an energy bust but the CLA does n't seem to work -LRB- at least not for me -RRB- I will try some other brand . ** This is the product 's description , which it did n't do for me ** CLA has proven to be highly effective in reducing body fat and increasing muscle mass . And with most Americans consuming less than one gram from their diet per day , NOW CLA is a smart choice for anyone trying to maintain a healthy body weight . *
 Gave me a bad headache and made me nauseous , plus pills are huge , too big to swallow . Nothing really good to say about moodmax , no positive effects .
 This product lacks any substance what so ever . No power and no battery life at all . Maybe 5 - 10 minutes without it plugged in . Im just glad i only paid twelve bucks for it . I guess u get what u pay for . Total crap .
 batteries always running out , incredibly long recharge time . HUGE ! LOUD ! like embarrassingly , distractingly , sounds like an airplane coming in for a landing loud . and it does n't even vibrate that much . just ick . thanks oprah .
 I bought this `` massager '' with hopes it would enhance the play time between me and my fiance . Plus it was a good deal for the price , so I thought . Well , you get what you pay for . This Aphrodite lacks power and wo n't even be that good for massaging an aching neck because it 's silicone interchangeable heads prevent you from getting a solid point of pressure . I do not think I will ever buy this brand of product again . I am sticking with the wee vibe or Lelo products .
 This vibrator has 2 speeds & is noisy . I loved my old one by Sunbeam , but it broke after 20 years , & they no longer make them . I ordered another one yesterday from Conair . The Aprodite is not what I was looking for . I wasted my $ .
 I was not as impressed with the Aphrodite for a few reasons , and I began to research what other customers were saying about it . During my search , I came across a really informative holistic sex toy company online -LRB- Holistic Wisdom -RRB- that had an in-depth article about the Aphrodite and why it is not a `` sure thing , '' rather an average body massager . The article summed up exactly why I was not that impressed and is really thought provoking if you want to learn more about this and other vibrators on the market with some cool new vibes that women are raving about . Another interesting story they delve into is why the product was backordered for so many months . It seems Oprah sparked a frenzy for it like she does for so many other products she endorses.Below are reasons why I was not as impressed with the Aphrodite which were also mentioned in the article , so I am not the only one who noticed these things-The Aphrodite is often complained about because it is a rechargeable vibrator and requires a 24 hour charge before you use it the first time . Most people think you can charge for less but you will end up with it not working for very long if you do that . In addition , you should charge it for about 12 hours thereafter , and you can not use it while it is charging . This is one reason why many women prefer a battery operated or electrical corded vibrator so they do not have to contend with these disruptions . Nothing like having it stop working when you are in the middle of using it!The Aphrodite does not get that warm and can only be used for about 15 minutes when you have both the vibe and infrared on before it runs out of juice.The Aphrodite does not provide both types of stimulation . Many women are opting for dual action vibrators that can stimulate both of the sensitive spots on a woman for sexual arousal.The Aphrodite is a very large vibrator is more intended to all over body massage . It is also a bit on the loud side and there are many vibrators that are much smaller , and quieter for women interested in them.Finally , no vibrator is a sure thing as Oprah said . All women have different needs and there are many vibrators on the market . One thing the article on Holistic Wisdom pointed out , is that due to lack of FDA regulations -LRB- because sex toys are still classified as novelties and are not subject to such scrutiny -RRB- many products out there today contain toxins called phthalates . It is important to get a non-toxic product , particularly if you are inserting it . They review what toys are safe and what are not . The Aphrodite is Phthalate free and Hypo-allergenic . As to why I like the Aphrodite-It is a nice overall body massager , although as that holistic sex toy company pointed out , there are many body massagers on the market and the Aphrodite is an average one . It is a cute color and it does provide a good level of vibration.Overall , I think it deserves a 2.5 rating and I am glad to see others agree . If you decide to get it , some companies are giving away a free Berman sex toy cleaner with it .
 This was purchased after seeing it on Oprah 's show . Bad decision ! It arrived on time and is nicely packaged . If that is all you need this will be perfect -- however if you want it to work beware . After following the directions to charge it overnight before use it worked for about two seconds and quit . Thinking that it may not have been fully charged it was plugged back in for a full 24 hours . After wasting electricity on this piece `` made in China '' junk it still did not work . Of course the good news is that this product is not returnable . Maybe it can be used as a potato masher or kept at bedside for home defense since it large and heavy , oh but the cheap plastic construction will not take much abuse . Beware - do not buy !!
 Not only did neither of these heat up , but neither one of them vibrated for more than a couple of seconds . Even if it did work , it 's too big and cumbersome . Lots of hype for an inferior product .
 Save your money , I know Oprah recommended it , but there are far better for far less $ . Infrared is better as a night light then it is to warm you up and about the time you might actually start to like the massage the charge wears out .
 I bought this item because I have shoulder pain from the port that was installed for chemotherapy . The warming feature seemed like it would relieve my pain and the vibrating feature might move the chemo along . I was using it on my shoulder when it started to smell funny , and thank goodness I put it down so that I could get up off the sofa because it then began to smoke and gave a loud pop . There was no need to turn it off because it was truly dead . When I communicated this to the company so that this danger could be avoided by others , I received a return note saying that the warranty was past the date of return . Obviously they read their complaints for content . I would NOT buy this again and would n't recommend it either . Instead , I bought a warming device that you put in the microwave . Works better for my purposes . It 's a good thing I was n't using the Berman for the other purpose it 's advertised . I might have an overinflated idea of myself , smoking hot and all that .
 The Aphrodite is relatively heavy and a bit bigger than I expected . Also , it 's fairly loud and looses charge quickly . The infrared barely heats up at all and only heats up on the slower of the two speeds -LRB- turtle slow and rabbit fast -RRB- ; this lack of range leaves a huge something to be desired somewhere in the middle . I would n't recommend the product or buy it again .
 Forget about being discrete with this thing . I opened the box and it was over a foot tall ! This thing is HUGE , and definitely gets in the way of intimacy . It 's also super noisy as is not nearly as powerful as it sounds . Ilike the idea of it being rechargeable , but that 's about all the credit I give it . Nice try , Oprah .
 Poorly made . Never was able to get it to work properly . Best if you use it while plugged in . The company will not exchange it after 30 days from purchase even if it 's on backorder for 3 months . Poor communication from company -LRB- still waiting -RRB- .
 &#34; Rechargeable batteries never charged ... threw it away . &#34; The only redeeming trait was that it only cost 16 bucks.Bad choice on my part , should have bought local .
 I bought this after finding it on Amazon.com for an amazing price , much lower than it is priced at now . It was on back order , but the price could n't be beat , so I decided to buy it . Several months later , it arrived . However , it was not the great product that I had thought it would be . This thing is very large and very noisy . For being so cumbersome , it is not very powerful . The infrared heat did not work , so I returned it to Amazon.com . Thank you , Amazon , for standing by your products , but I would recommend that Amazon stop selling these defective items before losing any more money .
 I fell for the Oprah buzz on this product . I wish I had checked out other vibrators before I ordered it . It is very heavy , bulky and mine did not heat . Amazon 's return policy is great , I was able to return it and get a refund because it was defective . I see others have had the same problem.My advice is to shop around and read the reviews .
 I was not pleased literally or figuratively with the Aphrodite . As a woman well acquainted with her own body , this toy is nothing more than a toy.Problems with the Aphrodite : - 3 boring speeds - Infrared , no , more like infra-cold -LRB- no heat -RRB- - It was finished long before a virgin would have been , meaning that the rechargeable battery hardly held a charge - It is freaking LOUD !!! - It is huge , like riding a horse , forget about pinpointing anything with it - Weak ... I could not even get rid of a knot in my back with it.Do yourself a favor and look for fun somewhere else . This is only a waste of time , energy , money , and anticipation.Makes me wonder if Dr. Berman is actually a man .
 I bought this on here and it never worked . Not even once , even though I charged it as instructed . Not expensive , but a waste of money nonetheless .
 I was disappointed with the strength of this . It was not as good as advertised . I got it for a good price and now I know why .
 I feel foolish since I placed an order for this vibrator immediately after Oprah 's show . After waiting 4 months for Dr. Berman to get enough of these vibrators from China to satisfy Oprah 's viewers , I found it to be big and clumsy , heavy and noisy . There were no instructions included as it stated there were and the infrared did not work . I am returning it immediately . My husband , who was most anxious for these massager was similarly disappointed . It is a real turn-off for sex . It might work for a woman who does n't get orgasms , but she would have to have a muscular arm .
 I can not give a review as the product does not work !!! I have sent it backand am currently waiting for a replacement.I will not receive said product until al least April as they are on back order !!!
 I may have been the only person that purchased this for my arthritic hands . The item is supposed to heat up . I plugged it in , left it on for 60 minutes and the item never , ever did heat up . It vibrates if that is what you want but watching Dr. Bermans review she clearly tells you how warm this item can get . Could have fooled me . Returned it within 24 hours . Thanks to Amazon for great Customer Service
 There were no instructions with the product . I have tried repeatedly to get someone to send me the instructions for this item and after three weeks , I still have not received them . I will pursue this until I receive them but you can be sure it is the last time I will deal with Amazon .
 I 'm a big guy ; this should have fit . I always need to buy things extra large , but this is too big . Also , it hits quite high , both front and back , so it is awkward to wear . You are n't able to bend much in the front , and the stays in the back jab the top of your butt . They also tend to push your underwear down ! But most importantly , there is - very - little ability to adjust the snugness . There are very thin strips of velcro on the `` adjustment '' belt , so narrow that , basically , you - ca n't - adjust the thing . I ca n't get it tight enough . Not a useful purchase !
 I bought this belt hoping to minimize further injury to my back during a recent move . I have chronic lumbar & sacral issues , and lifting/moving is always an issue for me.The packaging shows no instructions on how to wear the belt , so I was kind of on my own there and it took a few times to get it to where I think it 's how the manufacturer intended it . I tried wearing this brace both over a light shirt and underneath , directly against my skin . It pretty much stayed in place as long as I did n't move too much , but the more bending/lifting/walking I did , the more I found myself adjusting it and pulling it back down . It 's not necessarily uncomfortable against your skin , but could be irritating to some.What was a definite problem was that the squeezing of the belt seemed to actually aggravate my sciatica further . My guess is that I was out of alignment , and the pressure of the belt against that misalignment further compressed the nerve . I had immediate relief when I removed the belt.Perhaps I purchased this belt with the wrong intentions for use - I know there are moving belts out there but they 're not made for women , and I wanted a proper fit near my hips . I am 5 ' 7 '' and 135 lbs . - I ordered the small and it just fit.I would not recommend this belt if you plan to be active . Perhaps if you 're just going to sit all day , it would work .
 I BROUGHT THIS BACK BRACE THINKING IT HAD BRA-LIKE HOOKS WHICH IT DID NOT . AFTER I TRIED TO WEAR IT , IT ROLLED UP AND PAINFUL WHILE SITTING IN THE DOCTORS OFFICE . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE OVER 150 LBS .
 I tried this product because it was recommended by a friend who had been through menopause . After 6 weeks of use it still did nothing to reduce or relieve my night sweats and hot flashes . The only thing it may have done is help me mentally and emotionally . I hope it helps someone else , but for me , it did not work .
 This product was recommended to me by a natural foods store . I 've been taking it for about 3 weeks and my hot flashes are just as persistent as ever -- 3-4 times a night in which I wake up unbearably hot and sweaty , and intermittently throughout the day . The packages suggests it may take 5-6 weeks to work , so I 'm going to finish up the package but I 'm less than hopeful . Also , I 'm going to add 400 iu Vitamin E to my regimen ; some research suggests this will help . Happy hot flashing !
 Seems the claims that the makers of this product have made are less than accurate . Im still having hot flashes , night sweats , mood swings . And worst of all , I cant sleep . Looks like the makers of AM/PM will need to go back to the drawing board . A word to the wise
 I bought these pills to help me lose baby weight . When I read the information inside the box on how to take these pills I realized that Green Tea Diet Pills were a joke . The info said to take the pills three times a day -LRB- hard to remember right before my meal -RRB- , eat a 1500 calorie diet and exercise for 45 minutes/6 days a week . Based on the information , I was wondering why take the pills ? Anyone can lose weight on 1500 calories a day without exercise!I did not lose any weight on the Shiff Green Tea pills . But I do think my energy level was increased a little . Not much that I noticed but it help me get throught the day.I think I am going to try the Shiff Time Release Green Tea pills and see if that product is better.I will not buy this product again .
 I ordered this for my grandmother . This clock would be great if it was louder . My grandmother has both hearing and vision problems . She stated it was not loud enough for her to hear . If the person using this did not have hearing issues I would give it 5 stars . It works great except for the volume issue .
 The magnifier works , but by using the same hand to squeeze , the magnifier moves on you and then you lose track of where the hair is ... very difficult to manage .
 The magnifying lens seemed like a good idea , until I tried to use these tweezers . It gets in the way so much that I just moved it out of the way to use . I wish there was a way to get the tweezers out of the plastic casing so that I could use them without the magnifying lens .
 As advertised , this is light , fairly easy to put on -LRB- you just wrap it around yourself and touch the ends of the velcro to one another -RRB- . Please note that it does NOT fasten with hooks , but just this huge strip of velcro . However , as I wear a lot of knits , this item is going to be of no use -- there is a 5 x 7 '' strip of velcro just sitting there across my tummy waiting to ruin my clothes . I 've spent the money now , and will have to try to find something else . As I said , a disappointment . Strange that no one else has mentioned this . If you wear knits , do not purchase this item unless you plan to wear a whole additional layer of clothing between the support belt and the knit clothing .
 When I recieved this product it never worked . New batteries and all NO vibrations ... waste of money !!
 As part of my latest health craze , I 'm adding more fiber and organic food to my diet . I ordered a box of these fruit bars last month thinking they 'd be a nice thing to chuck into my purse and munch on as a healthy snack . Instead I could n't even choke one of them down . These are just about unpalatable . I eat fresh blueberries or blackberries every morning , so imagine my surprise at the bitter blueberry flavor of these bars . The bar literally made me gag . I 'd give this product zero stars if the option was available.If you 're looking for a tasty fiber bar , try Fiber One Oat and Peanut Butter Bar or their Oat and Chocolate Bar . Each one of those is 150 calories and contains 9 grams of fiber , as opposed to Frunola 's 150 calories , 7 grams of fiber . Best of all , the Fiber One bars actually taste good . And if you 're looking for a really high fiber bar , try the Renew Life Organic Fiber bars which come in a variety of flavors and pack an astounding 14 grams of fiber per bar and are 170 calories each . The Renew bars are n't as good as Fiber One -- they taste gel-like -- but they 're far better than Frunola . Then again , what is n't ?
 The label claims that this product is a vegetarian capsule , but one of the first ingredients listed is gelatin . Although there are vegetable sources for gelatin used routinely in Muslim countries , in North American `` gelatin '' is sourced exclusively from one giant factory that uses pig carcasses as the raw ingredient . That 's hardly vegetarian now , is it ?
 The item came quickly , but it was very disappointing . I always hesitate to buy things from the internet because they might not be what they seem to be and if it is wrong or does n't fit , the return procedure is somewhat unsure . Well , it happened with this item . It was nothing like the photos on the package or the web . It was shorter and I was especially unhappy that it was made from a totally different material . Not even close to what I wanted or what the photos indicated . I followed the return procedure 2 weeks ago and have n't received my refund nor any contact from the seller since . I 'm hoping my credit card gets credited . I am extremely unhappy with this product and this company at this point .
 Even though I saw the mixed reviews I was hopeful this would work for us . Sadly , it did n't . We turned everything off so our house was totally quiet and we each took our time trying to listen . We tried it in several different spots on my belly & on several different nights . Nothing :-LRB- Actually , we heard less with it than we did with our regular stethoscope . When we mentioned it to our OB at our next appointment he told us that anything at this price is n't going to work well . The fetal stethoscopes that doctors in his office use are about $ 300 & that 's what is needed to get the sensitivity to pick up the heartbeat . By the way , we purchased this when we were around 25 weeks and I 'm of average size . Like others mentioned , the ear pieces are quite uncomfortable , but I would n't have minded that if we could have heard our little girl 's heartbeat or movements . The item also looks & feels like cheap quality . Overall it was disappointing and we would n't recommend .
 I bought this because it was ` Amazon Prime ' and it was labled ` Fetal Stethoscope ' . It is a sorry excuse for a stethoscope . 1 -RRB- The tension is so tight it hurts my ears , 2 -RRB- the ear pieces are very hard plastic which is also painful , 3 -RRB- If you fail to put the ear pieces in the ` right way ' , you will hear absolutley nothing , 4 -RRB- poor quality , can hardly hear my own heartbeat , and I never heard the baby 's . My advice , do n't buy it . You will only be frustrated .
 I am 23 weeks pregnant and can not hear anything with this stethoscope . I can barely hear my own heartbeat ! VERY DISAPPOINTED !
 This was a complete waste of money ! It is impossible to hear baby 's heartbeat with this device and the ear piece is really uncomfortable !
 I can hear my own heart beat , but at 23 weeks I have yet to hear anything from the baby with this one . I bought a regular stethoscope from WalMart and could hear some gurgling noises at least from the baby . Would not recommend this product for an expectant mother wanting to listen in on her growing baby .
 Sorry to report that this item did n't work . Nothing could be heard . We purchased another one from a local medical supply store and it worked just fine . They almost looked and felt identical and all of the parts appear to be the same . We are not sure but nothing could be heard through the fetal scope . We could n't wait for another one to be delivered as the baby came before the item could have been mailed .
 Less than stellar quality . Nothing more needs to be said .
 If you want to hear your baby 's heart , find another product . I 'm sure there are uses for this device but , listening to a developing fetus ' heart is not one of them . By the time this product becomes effective , your baby will be big enough to produce kicks that you can feel and you 'll forget all about those early months of pregnancy where you wanted to hear your baby 's new beating heart .
 I used this for weeks and couldnt hear anything . Used a regular stethoscope and viola , i could hear my baby 's heartbeat . Oh well .
 extremely painful on the ear ; heartbeat is very faint , even that of adults . the product is branded ` EVERDIXIE ' not Mabis . the same is available for half the price on dixieems com . no manual/instructions .
 The issue I have with this toy is not that it does n't work . It ABSOLUTELY does . However , the material it 's made if is absolutely disgusting . It smells and tastes like latex powder . And no matter how many times you wash , sterilize and scrub it , the taste and smell rubs off everywhere . So if you are planning to use this toy to add some excitement in bed , beware that you and your partner will both taste the nasty residue that this toy leaves behind . PLEASE make this same toy , but out of something else , and I will be the first to buy .
 Sue Johanson Royal Surfer Clitoral StimulatorI received this product about 4 months ago . I greatly enjoyed the product , but after about a dozen uses , the vibration stopped working . The rotation feature still works , but that is not enough for me . I have contacted Amazon to see if they will replace it . If not , I will not buy another product like this from Amazon . If it only works for 4 months , it is definitely not worth the money .
 Product comes in a black plastic bag , sealed , but the package inside was not sealed . Which is totally not accepted by me.Even toothpaste paper container was sealed on both side , such personal stuff was not . I can see 2 or 3 fingerprint were on the edge of the plastic package . I dare not to use it . The stuff 's color look so fake , and it is huge.But Amazon 's service was absolutely satisfying , I will give this company 5 golden stars . They refund the money but did n't ask me to return the stuff . It is for the other customer 's safety.I will keep on shopping at Amazon for the trust they have built in my heart . Amazon , Please keep on working on it .
 2nd one first one lasted 5 months this one 1 minute . when it worked it was great . this one is junk
 No , not me with ecstacy . This massager . I stored it in a box with a couple of other toys , under normal household/bedroom temperatures , and when I pulled it out , it had melted where it touched another . I do n't know if the two substances were toxic together or what ... but this one bled onto the other one and was all gooey where they had touched . I had to use Goo-Gone to get the purple residue off my other toy . It seems that whatever this one is made of , it was n't catalyzed or set properly .
 very displeasedi with this vendor , , received entirely difffrent product from that i orderderedhave contacted seller twice regarding error with no response , would not reccomend this vendor for any purchase , ,
 After reading all the other positive reviews , I was expecting good things from this product . Not miracles , but a good product capable of doing solid work.I first tried it on a delicate black scarf that I was going to throw away anyway as it had so much fuzz and lint . It worked pretty well on this product . It did n't make the scarf look new , but it did make it presentable . However , it also made plenty of holes in the scarf.I then tried it on a mock turtleneck that was starting to get pills . I hoped that being thicker , the mock T could withstand the shaver . However , the shaver started making holes in my shirt before I quit to salvage what I could of my mock T. Furthermore , it did not remove the pills very well.Maybe I am not using the product correctly . But then again , it does not come with specific instructions ... For a better product that wo n't ruin your garments , try the SWEATER STONE which is a CONSUMER REPORTS ` Best Buy . '
 I took this vitamin every day for 4 + months , my hands became so sore , painful and I lost the full use and strenghth of them once I stopped taking this vitamin all these symptoms are decreasing
 I received a 60 count bottle instead of the 90 that I paid for . Also there is no Goats milk and probiotic cultures as the website claims.Garden of Life Antioxidant Formula , Radical Fruits , Caplets , 90 caplets
 I have been using the product for about 1 month . Since I have a beard I do n't have to clean my shaver that often . Suppose to last 1 month but will last longer for me unless it evaporates first . The solution and filter clean the shaver great . But I give it a low rating because it stinks !!! Smells like some cheap cologne . To get past the smell , I run the cleaner in the late afternoon . Prior to going to bed I pull the shaver up some so that it will drain well and vent out the odor . Why they selected the odor is beyond my comprehension .
 The benefit of this chair is that it is light . The foot rests are difficult to put on correctly and do n't stay hooked when you want them out of the way . We have a front wheel that wo n't stay tightened . The person in the chair ca n't wheel themselves unless they use their legs . If you only have one leg , the chair wo n't roll straight . I would not purchase again .
 My initial reaction to this item is that it was very thick and gooey and hard to handle...off-putting to the touch and felt uncomfortable on my skin , but I decided to give it a shot anyway becausae my scar was so unattractive . This product claims that the 1 peice of silicone they give you will last for three months ... WHAT ? Are you kidding ? It got so dirty and was not washable as the instructions say to do . The thick gel came off in chunks and since it was gel , I could b = nnot wash it off . . it got embedded with the dirt . I bought new ones each week or so ... so my 3 months of treatment cost me about 120.00 and NO RESULTS WHATSOEVER ! My Scar looks exactly the same as it di 3 months ago . It is still Red , still raised up and thick . What a waste . I will try something of better quality ... very disappointing . I have used other products that worked on other scars , but they cost more initially so I hoped this cheaper item would work . I have had a few surgeries over the past few years and have 1 more scheduled for my shoulder . I will not use this item . Do not use ... not effecive .
 I did n't care for it . The edges got stuck to everything my wrist came in contact with . Was very hard to cut stips to fit spots that I needed .
 This is the worst product I have ever purchased from Amazon . The gel pad is awful to use . It falls off sometime . Gets dirty . Takes a long time to dry . I would not recommend this product .
 The product arrived in an opened and taped-together box . The chestpiece of the stethoscope was missing , which made the product unusable . The customer support number is well hidden . If you find it and call , you are put on an infinite hold .
 I ordered these tablets two weeks ago and noticed the day I took them my Milk supply was lower by 2-3 oz per pumping session . But the day i did not take these I had better than normal milk supply . So not sure if there is a co-relation . But now I am stopping to take them altogether . BTW brown rice works better for me .
 I had high hopes for More Milk Plus since it contained a blend of herbs . I thought it would work better than fenugreek alone or a nursing tea . This was not the case . I think More Milk Plus is overpriced . I got better results from either fenugreek alone -LRB- 2-3 caps 3 times a day -RRB- or Yogi Nursing Mother 's tea -LRB- 3 cups a day -RRB- . And they are cheaper . I will not repurchase More Milk Plus . After talking to other nursing mom 's in a local breastfeeding group we have come to the conclusion that More Milk Plus works better for skinny moms that weigh less than 150lbs . For those of us who weigh more , and thus take the higher does , we did not see the results .
 I purchased this item based on the excellent reviews and recommendations . I had the C-Section which I could n't breatfeed till 3 days after gave birth . My milk supply is very low this time -LRB- the 3rd -RRB- . I took the More Milk Plus for a week and has no change at all . I pump every 2-3 hours and still no help.To me , it is totally waste of money . I really wish it was n't the case at all .
 My wife tried this product for about 5 days now and we have logged a noticeable decrease in milk output , as stated in other low rating reviews . This blend may work for others but not for us . We were disappointed in the product .
 These vegetarian capsules did n't do much for increasing my milk supply . I kept track of how much I pumped before and after , and my supply actually dropped after stopping taking Mother 's Milk tea and trying these instead . When I use both products , my supply goes back up again , but not nearly to a level close to satisfying my baby 's needs . However , if I do n't take as many of these capsules or drink the tea as often each day , my small supply goes right down , so this product does do something to help at least . It 's very subtle though for me . I have a 4 mo old son .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I believe it may help a little , especially if you already make a good amount of milk . But if you are like me and are barely able to eek out a little milk even when pumping every two hours , I do n't think you will see much of a difference . I think that it might be a better idea just to try Mother 's milk tea which contains the same herbs .
 I took this from day 2 after childbirth , but I could not produce any milk . I had heard promising comments about it but it did not work for me at all .
 I orginally purchased this mop when they first came out and the handle was made of metal , ca n't lock the handle into place to extend it to mop and the area where the handle connects to the mop head does n't stay together , made of cheap plastic , handle bends when mopping the floor , attempted to contact the vender STUFF SEEN ON TV , NO REPLIES TO EMAILS , THIS IS A CHEAP PLASTIC IMITATION OF THE ORIGINAL , DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY
 I originally purchased this mop when they first came out and loved it , recently I purchase the mop from stuff seen on TV -LRB- SOLD AT AMAZON -RRB- , the mop handle does n't lock into place , it ca n't be extended to a long handle unless you tape it in place , also the area where the mop head and handle connect together comes apart , attempted to contact vendor , no phone number or email address to exchange for a functional mop as my orginal was DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS CHEAP IMITATION
 I was not pleased with this product but it is the only product that does what I need . My knees were bad , as well as my shoulders and I wanted something to wash between my toes . The little sponge comes off very easily so you need to be careful not to `` pull '' toward you when washing .
 I thought the product would have been better made . the first day i wore it my finger turned dark . the coloring from the ring had rubbed off and the finger was all black . I was able to spread the ring to fit my finger . Not sure if the two magnetic have helped . I stop wearing it because of the coloring on my finger , it did n't look good .
 This was great while it lasted . Now my knees rub together as it 's the foam has lost support so it 's next to useless
 It is as hard as a rock . Maybe can be used for my back but certainly not for my neck
 I have a herniated disk for over 2 years and constantly on the quest for the elusive ` perfect pillow ' that does n't hurt my neck . This pillow was disappointment . It 's so hard , it 's like trying to use a rock . I have a different foam neck pillow -LRB- from Carol Wright Gifts -RRB- , but its diameter is larger and it 's not super firm like this one -LRB- it 's less quality but it 's usable due to the yield yet strong support plus cheaper -RRB- . This is foam too , yet much too firm and I usually want firm -LRB- I do n't like overly too soft ; I want support , but certainly not a rock-like pillow to rest/sleep on ! -RRB- . This is overly too firm -LRB- to the point of being actually hard -RRB- . It does not hold or support your neck , it does n't yield even a little . I tried to ` soften ' it with both of my knees kneeling on it and rocking around , but it did n't do any good -LRB- like I did nothing to it -RRB- . It 's pretty good at keeping knees from hurting while kneeling -LRB- on the couch that is -RRB- . I would n't recommend this one unless you like almost rock-like firmness in a pillow that does n't yield at all.It only caused me more pain and that 's definitely something you want to avoid in a pillow like this . Maybe they made this pillow harder and harder as the years went by as the more positive reviews are years back . I will try this under my knees when lying down to get some use out of it.It has a nice removable cover with a zipper and seems to be quality fabric-wise , just the foam part is way too firm . Hope this info helps someone .
 These are about one half priced of what I paid at my local health food store .
 The product looks more refurbished than brand new they send me a 2005 batch -LRB- which steals more than 2 years from the 7 year manufacturer warranty -RRB- all in all it does n't look new -LRB- compared from the one my friend bought from a store -RRB- and does n't `` smell '' new , you know , ... the new rubber smell of the tubes ... its gone . I 'm not satisfied .
 I ordered this product `` Nit Free Terminator Lice Comb , Professional Stainless Steel Louse and Nit Comb for Head Lice Treatment , Removes Nits '' because of the excellent reviews . Amazon.com says this is sold by Larkin Supply and fulfilled by Amazon.com . I received the shipment in two days , even with the super saver shipping . Kudos to Amazon.com!However , the product I received is a knockoff . The general shape of the comb itself looks like the NitFree Terminator comb . But instead of `` NitFree '' , the markings on the comb says `` Ladibugs '' . The package does not look a bit like the Amazon.com picture , and does not mention `` NitFree Terminator '' at all . Instead , it says `` Revolutionary stainless steel comb '' , `` The ultimate lice & nit fighter '' , and `` Distributed by Ladibugs , Inc. `` Dealing with head lice for the first time is frustrating and tricky enough . I wanted to use the proven comb to maximize my chance of success , but instead got something that might work or might not work at all . I 'd say this is the worst buying experience over many years with Amazon.com .
 Not worth the money . 11 dollars is too much for this simple item . you can buy better nit removal combs from Walgreens for a lower price !
 I purchased this because my 7 year old granddaughter a lot of nits in her hair . We had been picking them out one at a time and were looking for a faster way to get them out . After finding a nit we tried to use this to remove it . We tried every angle to try to have it remove the nit . We could not get it to remove one . After many attempts to get it to work , we finally came to the conclusion that it did not work.It was a total waste of money and expedited shipping .
 After trying tons of product to clean up my daughter 's head , I found the comb and was impressed by the reviews . It is TOTALLY MONEY WEST , please do not even bother to try . It does JUST NOTHING .
 This product did not work for my family . I really hoped it would . I used it on a section of my daughter 's hair were I saw a couple nits . After several passes the comb pulled out a few hairs , but no nits . I have tried many combs and solutions to get rid of lice and nits over the past year . In the end , using my eyes and fingernails is still the best way to remove the pesky nits .
 I got the Rid kit and this comb . I saw a nit on my daughters hair -LRB- this is the white egg on the hair itself -RRB- and ran the comb through it and the nit was still there . Did this several times and the nit was still there . This comb did NOT remove nits . It was able to get the dead bugs out but so did the Rid comb , but maybe this got out more . I think the Rid comb that comes with the kit is less harmful on the hair itself . Is the damage to the hair worth the extra dead bugs ? I 'm not sure . The Rid comb was getting the dead bugs out too and not harming the hair nearly as much . Not sure what the other reviewers are raving about .
 Not as described , does not work waste of time money energy . Just get a dog flea comb works better ! Bummer
 This is a knock-off . The product that came in the mail is in a different packaging than the one being advertised . The actual product says ` Ladybugs ' and nowhere does the product say ` Terminator ' which is the product I thought I was purchasing.The knock-off might work as well as the real thing but this is a blatant bait and switch . I ca n't believe Amazon allows this to happen and this will give me pause on future purchases from Amazon .
 We were excited to try this comb , but found that it pulled out much more hair than the other nit combs we have . We could have handled that if it actually worked , but with my daughters ' fine hair , the nits just stuck tight and slid right between the tines of the comb as we tried to get them out . We have yet to find a nit comb that can hold on to the nits and actually drag them off the hair shaft . This comb works fine for parting small sections of hair to look for the nits -LRB- just like any other comb -RRB- , but is completely ineffective for removing nits if you are dealing with fine hair .
 I actually do NOT recommend these vitamins . I took them for only two days and felt horrible including Panic Attacks , Nausea and Dizziness . There is just TOO MUCH crammed into this product . Many people think that since vitamins are good for you , they ca n't hurt you . That is not true if they are taken TOO MANY at a time and in TOO MUCH of a quantity . These vitamins are made by DRUCKER LABS and are most likely SYNTHETICALLY created , which are the worst kind of vitamins . Save yourself some money and buy a good quality WHOLE FOOD vitamin instead . The benefits will be much greater .
 I tried this vitamin with high hopes as it was highly recommended at my health food store.Well , I took this product for about 3 weeks and I just kept feeling worse and worse . I was told that my body must be `` highly toxic '' for me to have that reaction , but I 've never had that kind of reaction to any other health food supplement . And I do n't smoke , drink , and workout all the time and take lots of supplements.So , I know this product has a great reputation , but I switched to another liquid multi and felt much much better.I guess it boils down to experimentation . We all have to find what works for us . What works great for you may be poison for me and vice-versa . And personally , I think you can find products that are as good or very close for less money .
 I am very disappointed with this product . It does not provide any measurable level of compression and is therefore not useful to me . My disappointment was further compounded , when I was informed that I could not return the product for a refund .
 I bought these because I was impressed with the ingredients . Unfortunately , once I opened them - they are GINORMOUS ! I can swallow pills - but NOT these huge , hard ones . Ca n't return either . Out $ 20 .
 Normally I am not a reviewer of anything , but I experienced horrible side effects from these vitamins . I gained about ten pounds in a week from taking them , also my whole body broke out in an itchy red rash . I 'm not saying that this will happen to everyone , however I think it 's in the consumer 's best interest to know that this can happen .
 I had very high hopes for these vitamins after all of the positive reviews , but after taking them for less than 5 days I went through so much trouble because of them . Not only did my urine turn almost neon yellow but I developed a constant tummy ache , and a crazy appetite . I gained 3-4 pounds in just 5 days because of them.I am aware that my reaction might have been one of the more extreme ones but I had never before had problems with vitamins , so if it happened to me , it might happen to you too . Overall , these vitamins are extremely strong , and as a friend of mine says `` You are paying for an extremely expensive pee . ''
 I purchased this vitamin because of hair loss , did not see any difference at all or any other benefits from it .
 This product is normally used to help reduce LDL cholesterol and triglycerides ; however , one of the ingredients listed on the label is Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil , a known cause of cardiovascular disease!What were they thinking ?! This product may be more beneficial than harmful , but why use a product that contains small quantities of trans-fats ? There has to be a better source of Niacin.Also , do n't overdo this or any form of Niacin -LRB- Nicotinic Acid -RRB- . In large doses , it can cause liver damage .
 Looked like a totally different cuff from the photo . Cuff color and material are now more like the disposable ones . Bulb is also different than in the photo . . Cuff is accurate , but valve is cheap and gritty feeling . Overall just not acceptable , nor is it as advertised.If you do buy it , you may want to go find a different vendor who will take returns.This Seller wants a 15 % restocking fee and wants me to pay return shipping . - No Way ! . Now I 'm stuck with a cuff I will never use . As always , the best way to buy personal items is to go pay the retail price , where you can see and touch what you are buying . Very irritating transaction !
 I typically wear size 10.5-11 .5 US Men 's shoes . I have a fiberglass cast on my foot . The `` Medium-Large '' is at least three inches too short.Utterly useless.Now I 've got the hassle of sending this thing back.If you 're considering buying this thing beware.Seller
 I have tried many different earplugs and the last box of Moldex earplugs I had were great . I thought I was ordering the same thing again but these plugs are not the same . They do not stay in my ears as well and they do not block the sound nearly as well as what I had previously used .
 The fact that you can not change the battery is really all that needs to be said about this lame device . My child handed a perfectly serviceable `` tooth tunes '' to me this evening and asked me to change the battery . He was disappointed and in a very different way I was too . So I broke it open to see that it is powered by three cheap AAA batteries . It could have easily been designed to make them replaceable - all they needed to do was NOT glue the stupid thing shut . Another unnecessary electronic device headed all too soon to the landfill . Thank , Tooth Tunes , it was great while it lasted.Get a regular toothbrush and turn on a radio.Steve Hynes
 My kids really wanted the tooth tunes brush . When I saw the price of one I thought it was too expensive but then I found a good deal and bought three . I should have paid more attention to the packaging before I purchased it or I would not have . You can not replace the brush head or the batteries !!! That is absolutely ridiculous , any powered toothbrush I have ever owned -LRB- even ones that retail for less than tooth tunes -RRB- has a replaceable brush head and batteries . Because of this I think this product is VERY OVERLY PRICED and would not recommend anyone buying one .
 I paid $ 12.00 for a toothbrush that ... 1 -RRB- You ca n't change the head on it ??? 2 -RRB- You ca n't change the dead batteries ??? You can purchase a MUCH BETTER brush for 1/2 this price and set a timer to get the 2 minutes of brushing in . Colgate has an EXCELLENT battery operated brush for $ 8 - - - and you can CHANGE THE HEAD and CHANGE THE BATTERIES !
 This product tries to act like Juice Plus but it uses Magnesium Stearate . I was n't sure at first so I decided to do my research and found that Magnesium Stearate is harmful to liver , causes cell death and depresses the immune system . The amount of fruits and vegetables you get from these is nothing compared to what it is doing to your system . Please do n't be cheap and buy this . I would rather you not take fruit and veggies at all .
 This product did not agree with my digestive track . I took it for a week and was miserable . I had to stop taking it .
 This is not the same as Juice Plus ! Juice plus has a specific formula for the bodies needs , on a cellular level . -LRB- As wall as for people with specific health/disease issues -RRB- Not only am I a raving fan of Juice Plus , I 'm also a Personal Trainer & Performance Nutrition Specialist - I know about Whole Food Nutrition.Juice Plus has a specific formula & is better then organic -LRB- which I 'm very particular about ! -RRB- Do n't sacrifice your health to save a little bit of money . You 're health is worth your time , education & quality ! -LSB- ... -RSB- ~ Alisha
 I am sorry but whoever designed these things should be forced to wear them every day as punishment . They are horrible . they are nothing but pieces of flat plastic with a few metal studs inserted in them . They are very uncomfortable to wear for long periods of time and instead of massaging your feet they hurt them . Please avoid these product .
 I would have to say that the only thing this product does is make you a little hyper or even edgy . It doesnt really do much for the libido . If anything it makes you more sensitive . I would try something else ... Like slower your breathing ... it helps more than this product .
 I took this for a full month as per instructions . No change , nothing at all . Ca n't believe I got sucked in . Do n't waste your money . I 'd give this zero stars if it was possible .
 It 's not at all like the `` original formula . '' I have been taking Ogoplex for years and the bottle they send you will NOT look like this bottle . The bottle sent to you will be the new formula which REALLY sucks BAD . Do n't waste your money , they will not return it , I already tried . No sensations at ALL . Very sad ...
 this donut is firm . if you are sensitive in this area the product will not work for you ! when using the results for me were not evident until later that night a strong ache was noticed when i tried to sit I HAVE BEEN TESTED AND FOUND NO UNDERLYING CAUSE .
 The smell is filling my living room , and I opened the package five minutes ago.On the positive side , it was fairly comfortable for the moment I sat on it .
 This foam rubber ring cushion is designed with the top side having an `` egg-crate '' surface . What this means is that the top surface has large `` holes '' in it , much like an egg carton has holes for the eggs . In effect , the cushion has much less foam than it should have , and it compresses too easily when the user sits on it . It does not provide sufficient support for people who need to use such cushions . What 's more , this `` design feature '' is n't mentioned in the product description , so purchasers do n't learn about it until the pillow arrives and they sit on it for the first time . DO N'T BUY THIS ITEM !!! Duro-Med 18 Convoluted Foam Ring Cushion , Navy
 Purchased this to ease pressure on my dad 's spine when he 's in bed . NOTE THAT THIS IS A SOLID , DENSE FOAM , with limited `` give . '' I was unable to tell that from the description , and the site posts no photos of the inside of the cushion . Unfortunately , this cushion was overly firm for our purposes . If you need something VERY firm , this may be for you -- note that convoluted foam is much softer . I returned this in favor of the convoluted foam cushion . Unfortunately , I 'll be out the return postage of $ 5.55 to Amazon , but I guess a refund of about $ 7.50 is better than having a useless -LRB- to us -RRB- product hanging around .
 I thought it would be more puffier and provide more support.Instead it is very thin . Once you sit on it , it disappears .
 Do NOT buy this pillow . It is treated with toxic flame retardants that are neurotoxic , carcinogenic , cause brain development and neurological problems in babies especially dangerous for pregnant women ! In fact any time you buy anything foam check for the flame retardants and if the label says meets flammability laws do NOT buy it ! I am not happy with Amazon for not disclosing this . Also there are no studies out there that show that fire retardants prevent fires or save lives in fact they do NOT ! I am a pharmacist and I actually read clinical trials on this ! Anything with foam is potentially sprayed with these so check mattresses baby items pillows and be very careful this stuff is extremely toxic !
 I bought this in preparation for recovering from a c-section surgery . I started trying to use it in the last couple weeks of my pregnancy , as sitting had become so uncomfortable -- my tailbone was just sore . However , this cushion did n't help at all . It was so uncomfortable that there was no improvement whatsoever over not using it . I tried it again after my surgery , since lying down -LRB- or rather , getting up again -RRB- was difficult for a little while afterwards and I had to sleep sitting in an upright position . Again , it was no better than just sitting up on the mattress -- it did n't relieve the pressure on my still-sore tailbone at all . This cushion was just a waste of money for me , and now it 's just taking up space .
 I expected this to be larger than it is -LRB- bring out that ruler folks -RRB- and more comfortable than it is . The cushion is hard and less comfortable than any chair I would use it on .
 Not recommended for adults ... especially over 80 lbs . These cushions went flat over time and looses its effectiveness . I am 125 lbs and this cushion lasted only two weeks . The fabric covering is a rip off ... . All these foam cushions are identically the same . Do n't be fooled about the color choices not unless you want to pay more . The cheaper orange rubber cushions that look like a life saver have saved my life . Try to look for the life saver . It really works and lasts longer . Good luck and get well !
 This thing is so hard & uncomfortable I don &#8217; t know how anyone could use it . Do n't waste your money on this cushion .
 Never got to use this item as it never arrived . ONTRAC needed a signature for this `` high cost '' item ! So , missing the first day , checked the website , saw it was up to deliver one more day , so left a message w/signature and date on front door to leave it . They attempted but no luck.So , really did try it . No use for it now . So returned for credit . Done !
 I had high hopes for this product given the reviews . I 'm 35 weeks pregnant and have been dealing with a lot of tailbone pressure that is pretty intolerable after sitting at my desk for hours at a time . I had hoped this cushion would relieve some of that pressure , but the foam is simply too thin and you end up squeezing the cushion down so much that the ring basically touches the seat , rendering it useless . I think one of the inflatable cushions are probably a lot more effective , but I really did n't want to be sqeaking at my desk !
 The cushion works well . But unfortunately it has a musty odor that permeatesthe whole room it is used in . It has been banished to the garage . Trash next.Aired it out in the sun outside for a whole day with no affect.Smell comes from the foam insert . Not from the cloth cover .
 This stuff wo n't suppport your back and it does n't stay on the lower back , it keeps running up and down while I wear it , end up return this item .
 This thing is a joke . I just received it in the mail and tried it out . The cape is literally trashbag plastic with a string on it . The scissors feel like they are disposable . The mirror is for dolls . The accessories obviously were made by the lowest bidder . I have owned two Wahl products in the past and felt happy with previous purchases . I will no longer buy Wahl products without trialing them first.My favorite part was that they tried wave the Made in America flag . Most of the funk was made in China and assembled in US -LRB- just put in the box ? -RRB- . Wow . 100 % pure funk.Strangest of all was that I looked at the ratings on Amazon . and showed that they were solid . Must have a bunch of folks overseas contracted with Wahl to write stuff.I think Amazon should stop selling this product . Perhaps a better marker of buyer satisfaction is how often folks send an item back . I am sending mine back today ... they day I got it .
 the clippers are average the trimmers are pure garbage they dont cut anything and you need a battery for them not a good product i been cutting hair for 15 years the quality is poor you can go to any store and get this quality
 I 've been cutting my own hair for the past 3 years and finally decided to get a new set of clippers . These clippers are fantastic . They cut well come with a bunch of accessories . What 's not to love ? Well , there is one thing ... these clippers are incredibly LOUD . I feel as if I might go deaf in one ear if I 'm cutting too close to it . It 's not just annoyingly loud , I feel like if you really sat there using them for the entire duration of a haircut , it would be bad for your hearing .
 I first got this clipper a few months ago from amazon . It worked great the first time , but the second time I tried to use it , it made a terribly loud noise , really rendering it unusable . I went for a few months without a clipper before getting one at Target yesterday . But I accidentally got the same make and model , and guess the results ? Even worse ! I turned it on , and after a few short seconds , the clipper made that same terrible noise and then actually sputtered out and died . I 'm returning it tomorrow.Don ' t get this clipper !
 These clippers were great at first , after 2 cuts they became EXTREMELY LOUD . They must have broke as they were not this loud before . I am going to return them and try another pair , hopefully this time they will be ok .
 I used this product about 30 times to cut hair.It broke about a month ago . I used once or twice a month at most .
 I bought these clippers about 4 months ago and I have probably cut my hair with them about 6 or 7 times . After this period of time , they immediately went bad or dull and it kept snagging my hair -LRB- I normally have short hair -RRB- . They were abnormally loud and my wife was warning me not to use them . Not listening to my better half , I used the clippers , I had to torture myself by finish up and it was very painful . Afterwards , I immediately threw those clippers away and I would never buy Wahl products again . A complete waste of money !
 I 've never had any real issues with products from Amazon . However , this was a huge let down . The clipper came and looked used -LRB- with bits of hair all over it -RRB- just like one of the other reviews had warned . Also the free trimmer broke after about a week . Wahl is a great clipper producer , but this product was second hand and sold as new . STAY AWAY .
 It 's very noisy and as a brand new product it 's not as sharp as it should be so who knows how it becomes after some usage .
 The big clippers are sturdy as you would expect and do a good job , the little battery powered S-clipper however is about the same quality you would expect to buy at the dollar store . I ca n't believe Wahl put their name on this piece of junk . It slows and even comes to a stop depending on you hold it . Maybe buy the Wahl clippers but avoid the S-clippers if you can .
 I use my clippers to give myself a buzz cut once or twice a week . The battery powered trimmer never worked , but the actual clippers were great ... for about a year . Not all the attachments fit correctly , but that did n't matter because I did n't use any . After about a year , the power switch became difficult to switch to on , and would not stay running unless you were holding the switch a certain way . Now I am unable to return or exchange and have clippers that are useless . I have recently read other reviews where the customer had the exact same problem , but a lot sooner than I did .
 It cuts hair pretty well and feels nice and solid . However , I only had this product for about 10 months and then it broke . After 8 haircuts it died when I flipped it on for the 9th and will no longer turn on . In order to get a repair/replacement I need to prepay postage and send it in to Wahl on good faith that they will return it without charge . It feels kind of silly to pay almost $ 10 for a chance to get it fixed or replaced when I purchased it for $ 38 .
 The reviews are always a roll of the dice . I read both good and bad for this , but based on past experience with wahl , I decided to buy it . The clipper pulled more hair than it cut . I tried everything , but it was too painful for me to use , much less to use on my son . The small clipper broke after 1 use . I am quite disappointed .
 I use this to buzz my 10 year old 's hair . It leaves lines in his hair and it does n't get all the hair , and I go over it and over it . Very disappointed .
 I 'm not really good at writing reviews , so I 'm going to keep it short . . First i take the trimmer out of the plastic bag , i put in a battery . . so far so good . . Oh wait . . 20 sec later it stops working note that the batteries were brand new so there 's no way that could be the problem , the trimmer just simply stopped working , no power at all.so i say to myself ugh well at least i have the clippers right?WRONG , i began using the clippers and this time 4 minutes later the blade falls apart.a screw driver took care of it the first time but then it continues to fall apart ... even after adjusting the power to it 's lowest setting , i do n't know but it looks like im going to need a power drill to keep this thing together . anyways overall it was n't worth the nearly 50 $ in my case -LRB- so much for keeping it short -RRB- But beware of this product.It 's better to be safe then sorry i guess
 I have a Wahl cutter that I bought about 15 years ago and it still works great -LRB- I think back then it was still made in the USA -RRB- . The only reason I bought this one is because I had trouble finding replacement guides , and the ones that I could find were about the same price as buying a whole new package . This one that I just bought is very cheaply made -LRB- made in China -RRB- . The blade kept pulling my hair ; everything from the cord , the scissors , the guides , the combs were all very poor quality . I 'm hoping my old cutter lasts forever , because I do n't think I will ever buy Wahl again .
 I bought this set about 2 years ago hearing that the Wahl brand was the best . My mom had a set of Wahl clippers that lasted over 20 years . Apparently quality has gone downhill . Here are a list of the pros/cons for this product.Pros - Comes with a lot of attachments - Really liked the combs for trimming . - Trimmer extremely poor quality - works on batteries but never kept at the same speed . Even with a fresh battery it would speed up and slow down to the point of not trimming at all . We threw it away within a month - The scissors are as sharp as children 's craft scissors . Tried them once and went and bought real hair cutting scissors . - The clipper was ok for the first year and a half . Nothing amazing but it worked . Died on me yesterday after only 2 years.After the clippers died on me yesterday I borrowed a friends Andis and was stunned at the difference . I did n't realize how bad the Wahl was until I tried these . I thought that having to run the clippers over the hair multiple times was normal . Apparently it is n't . My kids haircuts were done in less than half the time and looked so much better . The trimmer is heavy duty and cut perfectly . It did n't tickle my kids as much either.I realize that the Andis is a lot more expensive but I figure I save that amount by not having to take the kids to the hair dresser every couple months and it 's cheaper than buying a new wahl every two years .
 The clipper that came in this set were useless . After just one use , it stopped working.The trimmer however was quite good . I have been using it for a few months now and has worked quite well .
 it looks like a toy . bad finishing , mostly were the covers meet . also , it ca n't be used were 140/230v electricity is used .
 Heavy weight unlikely to be suitable for many . Low rating based on the uncomfortably loud noise generated by this trimmer . Unclear whether this is a design fault or it arrived with a mechanical fault . Caveat emptor . Another Wahl trimmer , purchased in Japan , works well and is silent by comparison .
 This is a well known brand in hair clippers and lot of proffessionals use them so I thought It would be safer buying what I suppose to be a high quality product . I bought this set a year ago for home use . Just a couple hair cuts a month which it should last some years without breaking down . I keep by the book all recommendations for safety and good care . However a continuous loud noise started suddenly -LRB- like something was lose inside -RRB- . I took it to a wahl representative in my country and he told me that he was n't able to fix it because that sound came from the springs inside and those replacement parts are not available . He somehow managed to low the noise but it still feels very discomforting hair cutting with that sound around your head . I talked to a professional hair cutter and she told me that when that happens to her she just trow the clipper away and buy another one . So , in my oppinion , if you look for some clipper that lasts do not buy this one . I should have rated one but I was very happy with mine until this happen so I rather rate it with 2 stars .
 The unit arrived in good shape with all included items . While this offering by Wahl does have a few more included items overall its the same Wahl trimmer that can be had at around $ 20 here on Amazon and at most discount stores . The ` powerful ' motor sounds and acts exactly like a $ 20 model we have had for a year.If you are looking for a more robust or capable model by Wahl this is not the one you will want to purchase .
 this clipper was missing the two screws which hold it together , and therefore the back of the clipper came right off , revealing the wires inside . I have not yet contacted the manufacturer , so I do not know how their service is . In addition , despite the clippers being labeled `` chrome '' they are made out of plastic , something that becomes evident when they come apart ... which is why they really should have included the screws
 I was a shipped a used item initially . I returned it and requested another one.Again got shipped a refurbished item with mirror broken and scratches on the clipper.Wahl is just pushing their returned goods through Amazon.Amazon services are excellent and probably are not even aware of the contents Wahl is shipping to customers .
 Bad quality . When turn on makes a horrible sound . When i brought it , i thought the cover was metallic , but not , PLASTIC , and a very bad quality plastic . I live out of United States , That 's why i ca n't return the equipment
 I 'm not sure if its louder or has more vibrations , but the second time I attempted to cut my 3 year old and 17 month old sons ' hair with it - they both freaked out - begging me not to use it . I managed to get a few swipes in on both kids and the outcome was pretty bad . Even the ice cream prize that accompanies haircuts was n't enough of a consolation prize . So the next night , back I went to the $ 15 buzzer I had bought from Kohl 's and the kids happily ate their ice cream and let mommy go about her business - fixing the damage done from the night before.And as exciting as 27 pieces sounds - it did n't offer the transitions I needed to give the boys an even , faded cut . I usually use 1/8 '' along their neckline and fade to a 1/2 '' on top . It comes with the same 3 sizes , -LRB- 1/8 , 1/4 and 1/2 -RRB- but the results were n't as nice . Not as smooth of a transition . The small , battery buzzer that comes with it , is cute and did n't scare the kids quite as much , but it only makes the `` bare-est '' of cuts . So if you have a squirmy kid -LRB- what 18 month old is n't ? -RRB- you get bald spots . Although its funny , its not what you were hoping for . Overall , a disappointing purchase .
 I bought this product and 4 days later I was given an email saying it was backordered and the site should not have had the clippers up for sale on amazon . I went back to the site days later and it was still up there for sale not saying anything about the backorder . They need to stay on top of what they have posted and fix it instead of making me wait days before saying they could not get the product for me
 I ordered this thing from the amazon.Please dont sell this product no more.It does ` not even work.When I see it and i felt like stupid .
 I do n't know if we just got a bad set of what but these were so loud , my husband could hardly sit still because of the noise . We adjusted them like the directions stated but that still did n't work . Then the first time we went to use them the screw that holds the clippers together actually fell out in my hand while I was cutting his hair . So needless to say they are being returned .
 I read the 200 5 star reviews and bought it only to find out that the best thing about this product was the Free shipping . First of all , it is LOUD . When I say loud , I mean , imagine a jet fighter flying over your house -LRB- I know because they do -RRB- and then think that in your dang ear.This cutter has managed to do several things
 I bought this to trim my son 's hair . I was really looking forward to using a kit that had all I needed in it , and I thought this was it . The pieces included with the clipper are nice , and the outward appearance of all of the items gives the impression that they 're well-made . However , I was shocked the first time I turned the clipper on - it drove my wife and dog out of the room and I immediately turned it off . I could n't believe it was that loud ! Even after adjusting the `` power screw '' to the correct adjustment -LRB- loosen until you hear the clattering sound , and then tighten until the clattering goes away -RRB- , the clipper was still too loud to be used next to someone 's head . Adjusting until the clipper is operating at an acceptable volume renders the blades nearly immobile . It 's not the pleasant buzzing that you hear when sitting in the barber 's chair - it sounds like a piece of construction equipment ! I guess this proves the adage `` you get what you pay for . '' I would gladly pay 20-30 dollars more for something that wo n't leave my kids deaf after they get their hair cut ! My recommendation is to look elsewhere .
 The product arrived as advertised and everything worked . This would be an excellent value except it will get very loud all of a sudden while trying to cut hair . It is so loud that I refuse to use it anymore and will buy another brand . I bought a cheapo brand approx 15 years and it worked great all those years . I 've used this one 3 times and I 'm fed up with it . Believe me , move on to another clipper !
 Large clippers heavy and cumbersome to use . Attachments for large clippers cheap , flimsy and do n't stay attached . Small clippers eats batteries like 1st wife ate bon-bons . Surprised Wahl would put their name on this junk . I 'll be going back to Remington products .
 These clippers did not make it through one hair cut . We obviously were given a bad set because the actual clippers literally fell apart in my wife 's hands as she was cutting my hand . The casing around the clippers came off as she was trimming exposing all of the interal wires . We were able to finish the cut -LRB- very carefully without electricuting either of us -RRB- before we sent the clippers back that day . These clippers got a high review from other purchases , that 's why we bought them , but it obviously did n't work out for us . They did cut very smooth when it was working . Also , my wife complained about them vibrating so much it put her arm to sleep . Two stars for the smooth cut .
 I have owned a dozen or so clippers over the years . This is the most I have ever paid for the lowest quality . The previous one I bought cost $ 13 and lasted five years , it was the same size as a professional clipper . I saw this kit and thought I was in for a treat . The clipper is about 60 % as big as I am used to . The guards are very flimsy . The oil dispenser broke as the plastic container is a micron thick . The ` mirror ' is like a barbie toy , seriously ... . silver paint on a mirror shaped plastic base ? silver paint = / = mirror . I will never buy a wahl product ever again . Anyone saying this is four or five stars , I saw one say `` Just Like the Pros '' ... you have never seen another clipper or you are being paid to post reviews . This is a ridiculous piece of garbage . At least I got a really good laugh at the ` mirror '
 This machine lost power a month , I was not satisfied with the purchase that is why people will have confidence to shop online
 Not at all what I expected , bought this item for my grandaughter -LRB- she 's a haidresser -RRB- and she could not use the clipper , it pulled the hair so bad , thankfully she was able to use the other parts . Would not recomended
 These clippers simply just do not cut close enough for me , and they also appear to be cheaply made . I wish I never wasted my money on this cheap bundle . Next time I 'll spend a few extra bucks and buy a professional model , something similar to what the barbers cut hair with .
 the edges of the clipper hurt your face/head -LRB- they are not smooth -RRB- i had the cheaper version -LRB- which they do n't make anymore -RRB- and that was way better but i dropped and broke it so im stuck with this for now
 I got this item about a year ago , and since then it 's been one trouble after the other.The machine overheats and is literally too hot to handle after about half an hour or so.The plastic pieces are the most ill-fitting piece of cr * p I 've ever had the misfortune of fitting -- they ruin my hair cuts every time when they fall off.Lastly , like they say , it never rains it pours , the adjuster should n't be called that at all since it seems to have a life of it 's own . It changes position constantly making the clipper a nightmare.I definitely would not be hoodwinked again into buying another product of a shadow of a fading glory that is Wahl . I will only recommend this product to an enemy .
 This was a replacement for a Conair that was about 15 years old . Price was a factor in the purchase . I tried to get a nice package of product for the best price . I got my money worth but the quality of the clippers is less than my Conair . It cuts nice but the adjustment on the side has no `` stops '' so I can never get it in the same place once moved . The plastic guards are cheaply made with flimsy plastic . Thankfully my Conair guards fit this one . I would not recommend this product to anyone . On the bright side , Amazon was fast shipping !
 I have always used Wahl products and always had good experiences . I used this once with no problem . The second time I used it the thing would begin to vibrate out of control making an extremely loud high pitched sound . I would have to slap it against my palm to to get it to stop and sometimes it took a couple of whacks . After I took it apart and learned that the vibrator is made out of cheesy plastic . The piece just barely went through the slot and had enough play to slip out . I tightened the screws as tight as I could but it kept happening . Sometimes if you adjust the slide it will stop.The thing is pretty quiet when it works correctly but when that plastic piece slips out and it makes that loud vibrating nose it scares the crap out of you.I still use it and put up with it as I did n't save my reciept . I would avoid this one . Maybe Wahl has a better model . Even if you have to pay more for the better model it will be worth it as this one is not that good at all .
 Does not cut as well . We had to go over the same area several times for all the hair to get cut . Does not stand up a a cheaper , slightly older model we got just a few years before .
 The clippers seemed fine but the rest of this kit
 I 've noticed other customers reporting the same issue , the power switch starts to fail -LRB- and eventually completely breaks -RRB- after limited use.I expect I got around 6-7 sessions out of this before the switch started to fail . 10-11 uses later and it 's nearly impossible to turn on .
 i have owned Wahl clippers and trimmer/liners before and this is just not up to their usual standards . i think this is a cheaply made bundle to cash in on the bargain consumer rather than a good set for a great deal.the plastic pieces to adjust the length were mostly bent out of shape right out of the box . the clippers do n't cut anywhere near as well as my previous Wahl clippers . same thing with the trimmer . as a matter of fact the trimmer is so small it makes it mistake prone when trimming around the neck and side burn areas.i 'm disappointed that i went for a cheap bundle when i should 've bout a quality set like the one i had before .
 The only problem with these is that when I went to cut my son 's hair along his neck line it actually cut his skin and caused him to bleed . I have to use the small trimmer for finishing touches . Also it appears that the blade is crooked . I will probably remove the two large screws and see if there is any way to straighten them out rather than deal with the huge headache of trying to return the thing .
 I bought this for my husbands birthday and was very excited for him to use . Once he turned it on it was SO LOUS I could not even hear my DOG bark . My dog was barking at the LOUD vibrating sound , to top it off my husband couldnt even cut his hair with it because it was vibrating so much he could not keep a steady hand . What toppe dit off we smelled a BURNT smell . It was horrible we would never buy this brand again .
 I ordered this set of clippers to replace a conair set I have owned for about 6 years . I thought Wahl was supposed to be a good brand , I was apparently wrong . The clippers were heavy , they vibrate excessively , they pull your hair , the guide combs were very thin plastic , and the trimer was just horrible all around.As heavy as they were you should be able to drop them numerous times , -LRB- or run over them with a car -RRB- without any problems . My previous set weighed about half as much and I never had any problems with durability.They vibrate way more than any set of clippers I have ever used . I have been cutting my hair for 12 years now and I have never owned or used a set of clippers that vibrated this bad . Between the vibration and occasionally pulling my hair rather than cutting it , I had a headache by the time I was done.As heavy duty as the clippers themselves were , the guide combs were the exact opposite . They were made of very thin plastic . As I was cutting my hair the combs would move around and stay in different positions . It was the same with all of the combs that I used . They just would not stay strait . They also looked like they were from 3 different sets . Between all of the guide combs they had 3 different markings and designs on them , but they were all poor quality.The trimmer was not heavy duty at all . It was made of very thin cheap plastic . It was also very loud . I could n't even trim around my ears with it because of all the noise . They also felt sharp . It was uncomfortable trimming my neck and when I was done I had red marks all over.These are by far the worst clippers I have ever used . I am returning them and I will never buy this brand again .
 I have purchased two sets of these . I thought that perhaps the first set was defective and I had gone past the warranty time . Based on a price I bought a second set . Let me tell you the many clippers that a battery-operated junk . Once you take them apart to clean them they do not go back together again successfully . Customer service that Whal is nonexistent . These are cheap imported crap !!! Do n't waste your money .
 I hate this product it does n't remove any hair am almost bald and like to shave my head any way so i bought this item only to remove the little hair i have which is n't much and it could n't even do that.I suggest do like i 'm about to spend more money on a real set of clippers may be a lot of money but at least you 'll be satisfied.As for the person selling this item thanks for nothing .
 i bought this crap from amazon and it came with no screws holding the clipper housing together . how is that even possible ? it 's still usable but the housing will come apart if you dont hold it right , that 's a hassle while cutting hair . i contacted amazon about it and they did nothing . piece of crap .
 I used this to cut my husband 's hair . After 1 haircut the smaller trimmer no longer worked , & after the second the main clipper/cutting device began making a very loud buzzing noise . I literally wo n't cut my husband 's hair without us both wearing ear plugs as it is as loud as our lawn mower ! On the other hand , the main clipper still cuts hair well & we have enjoyed the multiple attachments for different lengths . I 'm looking into buying my husband a new set , because the noise & lack of trimmer are too annoying & inconvenient .
 I love the Multi-Cut Clipper , but the trimmer never worked which was really disappointing because trimming is an intrical part to giving a good hair cut . I requested a replacement for the trimmer , but was told I would have to mail and return the entire kit which was really most inconvenient . They did n't offer me any other options , and I need the clipper and attachments weekly , so the returning and waiting for a new kit to be sent was not something I could do . I would have to say that I 'm NOT satisfied with this purchase and will not buy from them again . Further , this is the first time I 've ordered anything from Amazon that did n't work or arrived damaged . Makes me a little reluctant to order from Amazon again . Wish I would have just bought a set of clippers at Target.Vicki CarlinSpring Green , WI
 Given the price and the title of the product I thought I am buying that the professionals use . But I was wrong , even the cheap 10 dollar does a better job of clipping the hair .
 Clipper set comes with a ton of attachments , but is way to loud . You can hear it from the outside . Not very good overall
 the clippers look so good , and I could n't wait to get them on my head to give myself a no 3 haircut.Problem was , that in Australia we run all our appliances at 240 volts and the clippers are set to USA standards ... Bummer ... so I went to the electric shop here to get the correct adapter to reduce the voltage , I can get that that for 50 bucks , which costs me more than the clippers.Then the salesman tells me that I will need another adaption ?? That will correct the vibrations that make the product rattle and sound like a motorbike ... It is set on 60 something or rather and we run on far less than that ... Otherwise the product looks fantastic and I am upset that I ca n't use it unless I fork out more money ... So be aware Australians Walh clippers need two electric adaptions if you are going to buy it from amazon and the USA ... all the best ... Hairy eric
 1 of Wahl 79524-1001 Deluxe Chrome Pro with Multi-Cut Clipper & Trimmer , 27 PiecesSold by
 This might have been an okay hair clipper if it actually clipped hair . Seeing as how it got a lot of good reviews , maybe mine was just faulty but it would pluck hair on the back of my head which was pretty unpleasant . It was decent on short hair , but not great either . I would have to do a lot of passes to get a fairly even cut . The power button is sometimes hard to operate as well.The little mirror is useless because it 's too small and I threw out the `` cape , '' which is basically a large plastic bag and is totally useless . The little trimmer is actually okay for finishing around the ears and the neck . The attachments are decent and stay on tight and are easy to clip on and off.I threw this away recently and bought myself a professional Andis BGRC . I should have bought it earlier , since I have been , and will be cutting my own hair for a while . I suggest investing in a professional clipper if you want to clip your own hair for at least a couple years as they 're more powerful and more durable . I went through 3 of these cheap clippers before finally settling on a professional clipper and I am absolutely satisfied .
 Reveived this package after a week . Opened it , found the clipper is used , some black beards or hairs still there . THis is the first time I get a dishonest product from Amazon .
 I bought this in the beginning of the year , the first few I used the 1 clip and everything was good and as I started using the upper clips I noticed that it was very flimsy and not sturdy enough to use to cut hair , and that each clip was not the same as the others some had see through numbers , some were small print and some were big print , like they grabbed them from different series of clippers . I decided to actually buy this particular brand because of the -LRB- almost -RRB- silence of the clippers I heard off of my uncles , once I got mine , oiled the blades , chose my clip , and started buzzing my boyfriends hair , did the line up everything was good . Then the next day my brother asked me to buzz his hair , I was excited to show him the silence of the product , but when I turned it on it made a noise so loud that it was worse than other clippers I had used . So now when I use my clippers I dont know if its going to be silent or if its going to scream at me , I even tried to tweek it using the side screw but no luck . And so after using it for a few months I noticed the blade kept going crooked , so I tried to realign it but it keeps going back crooked , so now when I cut hair it looks like I missed hairs on my boyfriends head . And FYI I take really good care of my clippers with cleaning , oiling so I know its not me . I would ask for a refund , but I think its a little to late to return : / . But there is one thing I like from the whole product is the trimmer , I use them to do line ups -LRB- since no clip cuts the skin -RRB- , trim my boyfriends mustache , trim his eyebrows , line up his beard -LRB- yes I know hes a pampered man :-RRB- -RRB- . So all around in this review the trimmer is the star of the product , wish I could say this about the whole product , but in my experience its true .
 the cordless mini clipper does not work when we put batteries in it ... tries multiple times and does not turn on
 When turn on makes a horrible sound . When i brought it , i thought the cover was metallic , but not , PLASTIC
 I have been using a Wahl clipper for the last 20 years . They were always very sturdy and well made . This is the first new clipper I 've purchased in the last 10 years . This Wahl clipper is very cheaply made . it is light and plastic and will probably not last very long . It is VERY different from the old Wahl clippers . I am wondering now if everything they make is cheap . No apparent way to find out ...
 Received item and first thing noticed , the mini trimmer was DOA and would n't work ! The bigger trimmer is very loud and I ca n't seem to adjust it ! Too bad I ca n't return it as I 'd probably give it back . Would n't recommend it to anyone .
 Functions were alright . But every second time turned on , it made very loud and unbearable noise . Was trying to fix the loosen screws but did not find anything loosed . The article returned .
 Worked great for the first few hair cuts , but after that , get dull quickly . We still use it because we 're cheap , but is takes several passes to get it done .
 I purchased these clippers about 5 months ago to start cutting my own hair . I got about 6 good haircuts with it , but unfortunately ran into one large issue . The more I used it , the gradually harder it was to move the power switch on and off . Eventually , the power switch jammed completely , and I was no longer able to turn the thing on . I sent the clipper to Wahl to get it repaired , paying around 15 dollars for shipping , and got it back around 2 weeks later . I used the clippers twice since then , and now the power switch is back to being jammed . This thing is no better than a paper-weight to me now . I really regret purchasing this clipper , and will be purchasing a new pair from a different brand sometime very soon .
 This is our second Wahl clipper . The first lasted 20 + years and my son took it with him to the Army . This new one lacks the quality of the first . The primary problem it the connection of the motor to the blade is plastic . The plastic works loose from the blade , causing the clipper to stop working . It requires a simple disassembly to fix the trouble -LRB- 2 screws -RRB- but it is annoying to have to do it every 10-15 minutes . The $ 10 Conair clipper that we bought from Dollar General work much better . The extra doodads that come with the Wahl clipper are nice , but unnecessary . The scissors are junk , and who needs 12 different guides ? 4 guides are enough for our family anyway . If I could return the Wahl clipper for a refund , I would .
 The product works fine but Amazon should be more upfront with the fact that you may be receiving a used or refurbished product . I took my clipper out of the bag and noticed that there were short bits of hair all over the blades . This does n't affect the quality of the product but obviously someone had used it before me and the sight was a little gross , especially when you paid for a new item .
 Do n't buy this trimmer !! It failed on me the second I used it to cut my son 's hair . I had an old one purchased from -LSB- ... -RSB- and it worked well for many many years until it died this year . I purchased this product because its good review here . It worked well the first time . The second time I used it about a month later , there was low noise from the motor , and it failed to cut any hair . I was really disappointed about the low quality of this product .
 I was very disappointed at the quality of this product . The clipper attachments were flimsy and bent from side to side when in use requiring you to stop and straighten them out . Also the clipper just did n't cut that well . Compared to my old clipper the quality and evenness of the cut was very poor . I returned the product
 I 'll make it a quick and simple . Ordered this thinking it was the better one compared to the Wahl 79520-3101 which my son has which I always used . . Though it might have more pieces and it has a chrome finish upon opening it and inspecting it I boxed it up in a heart beat . . The main reason is the print on the cutter attachments are Very Very small . Ended up returning it and order the Wahl 79520-3101 which is much easyier to read and make out which size cutter attachment .
 This is a good cushion but it is NOT 4 '' thick as stated . It is only 3 1/2 '' ONLY . They need to tell the truth for once .
 This particular back brace-support is made for men who are no larger than a medium.It does not adjust for waist size . If you 're a woman , size large , it might fit.It WILL NOT fit if you wear a men 's large , and if you wear an extra large shirt , it will noteven fasten . Not only that , but you can go to Home Depot and find a comparable , highquality belt with shoulder straps in multiple sizes for 1/4 of the price ... $ 14 !
 The ADC replacement lamps for the Welch Allyn pocket opphthalmoscope is totally worthless as it gives a field of light that is half-moon shaped and totally unacceptable to use.I had to return all the ADC replacement lamps and exchange for the OEM WA-03900 lamps instead .
 My bulb came as expected , I was very pleased , but Oh my surprise , after turning on my othoscope , 3 seconds later , the bulb exploted ! . Not recommended !
 this did not massage as much as it vibrated . you could barely feel the heat or the vibrations through the cover . totally not what was advertised or what i expected ... it was a gift and i was very disappointed in it .
 I was hoping this would be an MASSAGE chair . . it has a pulse and a vibration-But the heat is nice and warm ! I will be sending this back .
 This thing looks great and well built.However , it is not a massage cushion.At best , I would say it vibrates.Very , very low intensity even on the higher setting.The magnets do not move , they vibrate.Disapointed
 It looks like the photo - I really needed a cushion that was not full of poly foam - so it is what it is.I flat out do n't like it for the intent , but do plan to keep it for other purposes .
 The insoles may or may not have been helpful to my neurophty . I have no way of knowing . The pain caused by the insoles themselves made my feet the central focus of my moments . I tried to endure , thinking I could get used to it , all to no avail . The insoles are rigid , with lots of protrusions which contain the magnets . I will I could return them but there seems to be no way .
 In order to use this product effectively , you need a tub that has a specific type of faucet and water pressure . If your tub has a faucet with a narrow stream that does not get wider the further away the water falls from the faucet -LSB- think about twice the size of the standard kitchen faucet -RSB- , the product may work for you . You will also need medium water pressure -LSB- that 's enough to make your kitchen sink do fine but makes it difficut to get shampoo and conditioner out of your hair if you 're short -RSB- . If you do n't meet this criteria , find another solution . -LSB- I just fill the tub with my showerhead that has a great filter ! -RSB- I actually hated this product but rated it ` did n't like ' as I think it may have some limited usefullness for others .
 This pill did nothing for me . I took one every day for a month and felt no different than if I had drank a coke or pepsi . Tha main ingredient is caffeine , so even vivarin works better .
 I have purchase this product , but I never got it . Amazon had to refunde my money . It look like they have problem sending . They clain insufficient address , but I have the same address for all my purchase , and I buy products al the time , and they are delivered with no problem
 As others have mentioned this thing is cheap and hardly works . I used it a few times and like other have mentioned , you ca n't just turn it on . It has to be fiddled around with to get it to work . After using it about a dozen times mine now will not turn on at all , and is headed for the garbage can .
 This thing is a hunk of junk . . total waste of time ... I have found that the best thing for trimming nose hair is the Andis Professional 04710 T-Outliner Personal Trimmer ... works great and lasts forever . .
 El articulo adquirido fue recibido sin funcionamiento de sus partes , de toda mercancia que he adquirido primera vez me sucede tal inconveniente por lo tanto no puedo calicar el articulo por inconformidad del mismo
 ideavillage charged $ 27.96 to ship a small one pound box of smoothe aways - completely excessive , and when I called to complain they transfered me to nonexistent customer , now when I call it goes directly to the nonexistent customer service number - they really suck !
 I bought 2 of these items and one would only work if I bumped it on a countertop or hard surface . The switch mechanism is extremely cheaply made . The second one works sometimes but is also just overall a very cheaply made product . I would n't recommend this item to anyone !
 The device failed after first use . Only the light remains functional , blade does not work . Do not recommend for any use .
 This is a flimsy piece of garbage that does n't work well , looks and feels cheap , and is a total waste of money .
 This thing is a piece of crap . Does not shave anything ! Dull and weak ! Do not waste your money on this trimmer
 The early micro touch units were great little trimmers and while the need to replace their blades every so often was a little anoying it was better than this peice of junk which can barely shave lint let alone body hair . Im glad I didnt pay very much for this item that way at least Im not out what the original micro touch cost .
 I HAVE WRITTEN TWICE TO LET SOMEONE KNOW THAT THIS ITEM DOES NOT WORK FOR ME.IT WILL NOT EVEN TRIM THE HAIR ON THE BACK OF MY NECK . I HAVE BEEN TRYING FOR THREE WEEK TO GET RETURN AUTHORIZATION FOR THIS ITEM WITHOUT ANY LUCK .
 Just received this `` trimmer '' . What a joke . Put the battery that came with the package into the trimmer , and then also put one of my own brand new batteries into the trimmer , it it barely runs . Does n't trim too much hair even when it is running , neither in the nose , ears , or even on arms . Very disappointing product .
 Does not do a good job of trimming.I love you guys and you do such a great job.Praise the Lord !
 This product is completely a waste and they show something on TV and the the product does not perform at all .
 Saw the commerical so many times and expected what I saw . What a disappointment !! Got it as a gift and nothing it said it would do worked . Even changed the battery twice hoping that would help . Wrote to the company with my complaint , heard nothing from them . Would never order anything from Good Stuff again !
 Saw the TV ad several times . Shows the product working efficiently trimming facial hair ; nose hair and eyebrows . Received the product and was very disappointed . Does not work on nasal hair and eyebrows . Works poorly on facial hair . I am not using it at all .
 My wife bought this trimmer for me , because of the TV commercials . Sadly , it did not live up to the claims.ASSEMBLY : The first thing that happened to me , when I put the trimmer together , is that it did not work . I played with it for a while , and finally decided that the included battery was dead . As I went to remove the battery , the thing suddenly sputtered to life . The unit I have does not work with the batter fully inserted , but must have the '' - '' pole halfway out . So , to use the trimmer , I must first remove the battery cap , and pull the battery partway out.BEARD & MUSTACHE TRIMMING : The trimmer actually works quite well in trimming the hairs at the edge of my facial hair , making the lines nice and sharp . Now , this is not a shaver , but a trimmer , so it does leave some stubble . My wife trimmed the hair on the back of my neck , and was quite pleased with the results.NOSE HAIR TRIMMING : Actually , the reason my wife bought this thing was because she hates nose hair . The trimmer is large , and does not insert into the nostril very well . I quickly realized that the trimmer was hurting the skin around the nostril - not cutting , but nonetheless irritating the skin . When I was done , I was surprised to find that I could still feel the hair in my nose . I do n't doubt that this unit did cut some of the hair , but it did a very insufficient job.LED LIGHT : The light is sufficiently bright , and is probably useful for trimming your facial hair in dim lighting - you do n't want to accidentally carve a groove in your beard ! However , it is on a bit of an angle , so I personally fear to rely on it - I only use the trimmer in my brightly-lit bathroom , and using a magnifying mirror , which gives me a good view of what I am doing.CONCLUSION : As a general hair trimmer , the Micro Touch Men 's Groomer does a pretty sufficient job , but as a nose hair trimmer I found it to be a dismal failure . Worse , the thing is so cheap , that I can not simply turn it on , but must fiddle with the battery to get it to work at all.No , I am far from pleased with this trimmer , and I would not recommend it to anyone , not even my worst enemy .
 After making this purchase , I was led to believe that I was ordering the correct item as indicated on the website . The items shipped and received were the items that I did not order . If the particular product was upgraded , then the images and descriptions should have been updated on the website as well . I would classify this as false advertisement . I contacted the company on February 24th 2010 and received a reply stating that this matter would be looked into . Needless to say , we are now in April with still no status . Hopefully this is a one time error but some feedback from the company would have been nice !
 I ordered 2 of this product , the personal trimmer as seen on TV , and received only one . The one received would not work at first , we put in new batteries of our own and it would work for maybe a minute , max , then stop working . On and off , On and off and finally stopped working at all . Could not even finish the nape of the neck . We threw it away and I guess we are out for the 2 we ordered . When will I ever learn to not listen to TV ads . It is a waste of time to try to get our money back . Certainly not worth a single star rating . Dode
 The microtouch trimmer broke on the second use . This is the second time I have had a microtouch that broke this way .
 Used this once and it barely worked then . This was a waste of money , I would 've gotten the same result if I threw my money in the garbage .
 bought it for my husband and he did n't like it at all . In fact it broke all most immediately . Not a good product
 The light does not work . The performance of the trimmer is fine but I of course expected the light to work .
 This did nothing for me at all ! I would not recommend this product to anyone . It may work for some but for me it did n't work at all .
 Product messes up your hormone level/balance . I had the longest menstrual cycles ever -LRB- 25 days -RRB- !!! I needed to see a gynecologist and be on a treatment before things fell back into place !
 Not a great value . I believe this works , but you have to take a lot of pills and run out quickly . Switch to the tea .
 I have to say that I took this product for two months and I do n't know if it did anything at all . I felt no difference in energy or anything else .
 If you have poison ivy , this is not a product to purchase . You will waste your money . Speaking from personal experience , this product only irritates the problem even more !
 I am extremely prone to bug bites . When I get them , they swell up into large , unbearably itchy bumps . I purchased this thinking that , like the pink stuff from my childhood , it would offer some relief . I 've gotten NONE . For me , this stuff is utterly useless .
 for what i paid for this for a little more i could by quality protein ... not a bunch of fillers ... and it takes 2 scoops of this to make 24 grams ... not good . . i recommend the dymatize brand whey ... awesome stuff .
 ORIGINAL REVIEW
 My wife and I tried both Ovulex and Amberoz from Selmedica . At that time , the only useful review ovulex I could find is from here . All the other websites either are full of successful stories , which are exactly the same style as their own website , or apparently is affiliated with them . I did not find any objective or trustable reviews about their products . I checked their BBB record . The review is bad but not terribly bad at that time . Since my wife insist trying it and yes , the hospital bill is expensive , so I placed an order of value packs for $ 177 + $ 8.77 shipping.Several days later , the package arrived in a bubble mail envelop , instead of the plain box they promised on their websites . The smell of the pill is very strong from the package . I am very uncomfortable about this . This is the first time a company shipped $ 177 value goods using bubble mail . Furthermore , I am also surprised to find that there is no invoice inside the package . So I send them email to request an invoice and also complained their package . They sent me an email copy of invoice and ignored my complaint.Both of us still tried the medicine for almost 2 weeks . I did not feel anything different . But my wife felt kind of nausea at first and got small allergy reaction after taking the pill . So she has to stop taking it . Later I found some interesting facts about this company that let me made up my mind to return the pills . I am not allowed to post link here . But you can do a google search using selmedica or selmedica ripoff and find the two articles by yourself . It is a pity that these two articles are not in the top results when I placed the order . Basically , here are the facts they found out :1 . Selmedica are not only selling ovulex , they are also selling many different types of medicine , which covers a broad aspects . They offer all types of money back guarantee for their products . This fact is also confirmed by their refund manager later when I returned the products . most of the problem reported on BBB is there unwillingness to refund . This indicated there is really some problem with their promise .2 . The most interesting facts about this company is that they have so many domain names now and past . If you checked out at BBB , the current BBB consumer report listed at least 30 different domain names of them and I do n't think that is complete list . Why do they need so many domain and company names while none of them said they are affiliated with selmedica ? If their product is really good , do you think they need that ? A normal business practice is to list all their products at their company websites . But they clearly do n't want us to know they are selling all kinds of different products . Also it is interesting to know that the address of a 50 year company is either apartment of post office box and appeared in two cities . I am wondering if these pills are actually made in US .3 . The claim they have 50 years experience . But their company is not listed in yellow book in 2005 . Based on BBB report , their business started from March 2004 . Why do they need to lie about these basic facts ? They claim their products are natural and therefore are side-effects free . But they do have side-effects from consumer report . Also There are many natural herbs which people are allergic to . Most of old Chinese pills are made from natural herbs but if not taken properly , it can cause problems very easily.I do n't trust this company any more and I decided to return their products . I did not get any response after 3 days . So I have to call them . First time the phone is busy . Second time I got in and a lady answered the phone . She emailed me a link to the RMA form shortly and it turns out she is their refund manager . They only have a post box address for address , which clearly shows that they are not a big company as they claim to be . And they state that they need 30 business days to process the return . I tried to follow their rules and mailed back the package ASAP . I have to email and call them several times to get my refund . I did not get any response after they received my return and even after I got the refund . That is more than one month . And I think I got the refund because I sent the email directly to their refund manager . I end up by paying $ 15 and spend such a big time and energy to deal with them and I am very happy that I do n't need to deal with them any more . But keep in mind that that is under the condition that my credit card can still help me within this time frame.Here are some helpful suggestions for others about selmedica :1 . I think their product is over priced and you do n't know whether it is effective or not . I agree I would rather buy some multi-vitamin instead of buying from them . Although they offer one year money back , the guarantee really means nothing with a company with little credit . I do n't trust a company who has so many domains and company names . Their efforts are all put into to webpage design and I highly suspect that they are making good medicine . Keep in mind that you ca n't ask for help from your credit card company after two statement periods . After that whether you can get the refund is at the mercy of that company . These are actually not important as long as there pills work well . But such a company really ca n't convince me that they can make good products .2 . Apparently this company knows very well how to promote there products on the internet . They not only have so many website without telling you that they are actually affiliated , they are also very active in different online forums . So just always have your own judgments when you read reviews . Some may not be real reviews , just somebody try to promote their products . Do n't let the company make use of desperate people like us . Try to be critical .3 . It is funny that they need 30 business days to process the return and at the same time they are offering 100 % satisfaction guaranteed . Probably this is the longest time I have seen . If they really need that long , it is either because their product is not good at all and so many people are returning it or they are trying to make the process difficult . If you lose faith to deal with them , they are happy to not give you the refund . So do n't count on their guarantee if you want to try their products.BTW , I do see their website changed a lot since January and they do offer more information on their websites and they still claim they have over 50 years experience . It is very easy to change a webpage and domain name . But they ca n't change their history at consumer report . Please just make your own judgments .
 Review the Better Business Bureau 's report on Selmedica . I hate that people are taking advantage of ladies like us who so desperately want to get pregnant . You 're better off getting a bottle of Vitex at your local health food store for $ 8 .
 I love natural products , thats why I go for homeopathic formulas , and I really do not understand why some homeopathic companies use chemical preservatives in their formulas ? , Boiron is one of these companies and their chestal cough syrup includes chemical preservatives , I think they do n't understand the preferences of their customers .
 I bought a full layette of Baby Love diapers -LRB- 36 -RRB- for my first child in 2008 , and was quite happy with them . They did n't leak too much and my daughter never got rashes from them . I never stripped the diapers and use a standard top loading washer/front loading dryer and Ecos detergent for laundering.My older daughter potty trained at 3 years old , and at that point , the diapers were starting to have velcro issues . Tabs were starting to fall off and the velcro strips that the tabs attach to were starting to bunch up . Both made diapers hard to stay on . I emailed the company , which responded with a very nice phone call , but basically I was told the layette is supposed to last one child.One major reason I went with cloth diapering was to be able to use the diapers for more than one child . I have at least 5 friends who cloth diaper their children , and none of their cloth diapers -LRB- non-Baby Love -RRB- have issues after one child . While I appreciated the follow up , I was not satisfied with the solutions offered
 I have been an avid user of NIVEA replenishing post shave balm for years . I pay under $ 6.00 for a 3.3 fluid ounce bottle . I decided to give the Proraso after shave a try because of all the reviews . I tried the Proraso aftershave for a week and I am very disappointed . First , there is barley any scent to it unlike the scented NIVEA . Second , the Proraso is more watery than the NIVEA . Finally , I did not notice any better result or feel using the Proraso . I did expect that for $ 17 for 3.4 fluid ounces that I would get a better feel and result from the aftershave . I am guessing that the reason for the high price is due to the cost of importing it here to the States . Save your money . There are better alternatives out there for much less money .
 The bottle is extremely poorly constructed , to the point that the bottle cap does n't screw on properly to the bottle . As a result , cream gets everywhere.In addition , it has a rather faint smell that is not particularly pleasant .
 Product contains an added `` fragrance '' yet its labeled as `` sensitive free '' . Dermatologists must be scratching their heads because those two quotes should never be printed on the same bottle . Any kind of fragrance increases the potential to irritate sensitive skin . Fragrance is used by companies for the sole purpose of selling their products based on how nice it smells . A products scent has NO correlation with its effectiveness . It 's kind of scary how many positive reviews on here are based primarily on scent . Point being , this is a very basic and overpriced after shave cream which might not irritate that skin of most people but should not be marketed as `` sensitive free '' . If you have sensitive skin go to your local drug store and you 'll be able to find real sensitive skin products for at least half the price . Keep in mind that the first ingredient on a products label makes up the majority of what 's in it . The first ingredient on this $ 16.00 + Proraso liquid cream 3.4 fl oz after-shave is WATER ... LOL ... enough said
 Bottle is way too small . . you will need a decent amount of lotion to cover your face . Face will still feel tight if you dont put enough on , so the bottle wont last you very long . honestly i prefer the cheap alchohol based `` SkinBracer '' aftershave over the Proraso . . funny since I have very sensitive skin . .
 Contains multiple types of parabens . I will not use harmful ingredients on my skin.Trading comfort for cancer is not an option .
 The is not the original Proraso liquid cream aftershave product . This smells like Tea Tree oil and flowers and is in a square bottle , not the flask-shaped bottle . I hate this new smell . Beware !
 It appears that either Proraso has changed their formula or there are 2 different items with similar names . The 1st purchase came in a hip-flask like bottle with a green cap and contained witch hazel -LRB- as shown in photo at Amazon -RRB- . The 2nd order was is a shorter bottle with a black cap and different ingredients , not containing witch hazel . The witch hazel was what I liked about the product helping to close your pores . I will probaly send back this 2nd order and see if I can find the original product . -LRB- Unfortunatly the Proraso site is in Italian , so i could n't determine if they changed the formula -RRB- . UPDATE ; I was able to determine that the Proraso formula has changed . Too bad , I really liked that product . It remains to be seen if the new formula is as good .
 This is not the product as pictured . The one pictured is the previous formulation - the one which was delivered is the new formulation -LRB- tea trea -RRB- , which comes in a square bottle . Unfortunately I do n't like the new formulation nearly as much and the bottle is smaller . Not sure why Proraso changed it , but be aware that you are n't ordering what is in the picture .
 Please beware Proraso lovers
 I dunno , for $ 16 , imported from Italy , I expected something ... special . Its ok , but seems not that much different from local cheaper brands to me . -LRB- Maybe I 'm just not sophisticated enough to tell the difference ... -RRB-
 Wow , where to start ? From a positive standpoint , this lotion smells great and applies easily , evenly , and it is n't sticky . The problems lie in that it does n't do much as an aftershave at all.First of all , this stuff is very greasy , and it made me break out like crazy . I could n't believe how many pimples I would get by mid afternoon when I would use this ; I was in disbelief in light of the overwhelmingly positive reviews.Secondly , the glass container it comes in has seriously got ta go . There is no reason why in 2012 we should be bothering to extract a thick lotion like this from a glass bottle , no reason at all . I do n't care how old-fashioned you liked to think you are , there 's a point at which outmoded ideas become impractical , and this is a perfect example.Lastly , although it 's a fairly potent lotion , it does n't stick around long enough to moisturize throughout the day . In a nutshell , this product fails at all of the most important aspects of an aftershave balm . It 's too bad , because although I 've finally found an adequate replacement that does everything right that Proraso gets wrong , this stuff STILL has the best fragrance I 've used . I hate colognes and aftershaves with strong , overbearing fragrances , and the mild but pleasant scent of this balm is more or less perfect for me .
 I do not know what they were thinking with all of these reformulations of what were once excellent products . I have written about the pre-shave that if you have never used it before you will probably like it , but if you have you will be extremely disappointed with the new formulation . With the after-shave I do not think anyone could really think this is anything but a disaster for Proraso.At first glance there is not much change . It is slightly lighter in color and thinner than the original -LRB- probably necessary for it to flow out of the new squared-corner , flat-top bottle design -- that 's right no more cool , re-usable flask -RRB- . It is slightly more watery and does not feel quite as good to the skin as the original formulation but this is a minor issue . The real problem is the godawful smell . It reminds me of my grandma 's bathroom -- not sure if it was the rose toilet water or the Glade air freshener -- but it is putrid . Use it if you want to smell like an old woman all day . Otherwise , there are plenty of options that not only smell better but also work better than this formulation.Next week I will be opening my new formulation shaving soap . If the pre-shave and after-shave are any indication , I might as well go back to Barbasol and disposable razors .
 The product as pictured was the old version , which is what I really wanted . The new reformulated product is what shipped .
 When I first began DE shaving -LRB- about 7 months ago -RRB- I read a lot of great things about Proraso 's products . I invested the time and research then eventually money into their shaving products . I loved their shaving cream , soap and after shave -LRB- the liquid kind -RRB- . So then I wanted something for the winter . I figured the lotion would be perfect . I began reading that the company 's formula changed along with their new packaging . So I went received the new lotion , `` Proaso Liquid Cream '' I was excited . I opened up the bottle and took a whiff . Yuck . This is not the pleasant smell I am used to with this company . So I 'm not going to use it and most likely return it.It 's too bad too , if their formula 's changed then there 's a good chance their products will too . Im beginning to look elsewhere for my future shaving products . It 's a shame , I really liked their other stuff . Im not the only one who has felt this way about their new products . Other users have been saying the same . Just look around . Hope something changes.Also I should note , the race reviews -LRB- if you look at the dates of them -RRB- are mostly before the product change . Just an FYI .
 I was surprised to discover that the Basic comfort plush changing pad cover does not fit onto these pads , despite the the fact that the measurements indicated on the packaging specify that they should be a perfect match -LRB- same brand , same size -RRB- . When I tried to place the cover over the pad , the bottom buckled and was clearly the wrong fit . I had n't even washed the covers yet . I returned them both as I 'm not sure which product was manufactered with the wrong measurements.Fortunately Amazon was cooperative and the items were easy to return .
 After 12 months , our changing pad has cracks all over the plastic surface of the changing pad , some as big as 2 '' in length . I suspect in a couple more months we will have to change the pad , once the padding starts to come out . Very disappointing .
 While the design of this item is excellent , the workmanship is poor . After less than six month one of the corner seams has come apart . We leave the pad in place and did n't stress the seam in any way . Of course , this makes the item useless since it 's no longer sanitary .
 The design of this changing pad is wonderful but the cover needs to be more durable.Pro 's * Padded & Comfy * 4 Sided-this keeps baby from accidently bumping their head * Easy to wipe clean * Bottom is skid proofCon 's * cover gets holes easily . With less than 1 year of use the cover has gotten several cracks along the tops of the sides . We used a nice pad cover too . * the seams are coming apart-this is the top of the pad so if baby pee 's it could go into the holes and would be impossible to get cleaned out.So even though this has many Pro 's I would recommend getting something else if you are wanting to have something to last more than a year w/out any problems . This is one of the more expensive changing pads so you would expect it to be more durable . I would NEVER buy this again unless I knew they changed the cover & made it more durable.If I had written a review on this item the first few months I had it , I would have given it 5 stars and only praises . A few months later I would have changed my mind and deleted that review when it started getting holes .
 The product listing for size claims a waist of 32 '' should order a Medium , which I did only to receive a belt that had a total length of only 33 '' . My old belt -LRB- different brand -RRB- was also a size M and had an overlap of at least 6 inches . The Jasper had an overlap of 1/2 '' - hardly adequate . When I complained , they admitted that their product does run small . Quite the understatement ! I had to return the belt at my own expense and they replaced it with the next size . My advice to anyone ordering this product is to ignore their size specifications and order one or two sizes larger .
 I started the two week kit just fine but an hour or so after the pink pill I start bleeding every time ! The company has been no help with a side effect not on their list !
 it seemed like a good buy , but it broke after the second day of use = -LRB-
 I 've bought this chronically defective toothbrush and had it replaced three separate times . Each time , I received a brand new replacement , and each time , it broke within 3 days.Works great , lovely design , for the 48 hours you 'll have it working . I opened up the case after the third time it stopped working , and realized it 's sloppily assembled.It 's pathetic that Target would ever sell a brush like this , I 've refused to go to Target stores ever since . And Phillipe Starck should be ashamed of himself . He should be saying , - In the future , there will be less of my breakable products -
 Not happy with it at all and returned it . It did not really work so good . I was planning on using it to wash the chemicals off the veggies and it did not really work so good .
 This product seems to crumble and fall apart as I apply it to my lips . I also do n't like the fact that the wheel to push the product up is at the top rather than at the bottom as it is on most lip moisturizers . I keep accidentally turning the wheel as I take the top off .
 this stuff is horrible . do not be fooled , it may be paraban free but it contains OXYBENZONE BENZOPHENONE which is linked to reproductive toxicity , immunotoxicity , neurotoxicity , endocrine disruption , amongst other things . Look up Neutrogena Lip Moisturizer in Cosmetic Database online . I use lip balm daily and this made my lips feel raw , burn and crack ! I am going back to the Burts Bees lip balm which uses safer ingredients and does a much better job at moisturizing the lips .
 I got this lip balm as a bonus with some Neutrogena suncreen I bought . Did n't realize that it came with a WARNING to `` discontinue use if signs of irritation or rash appear '' until I developed a very bad , painful rash around my lips after using it for a couple days . This toxic product should be taken off the market . Chapstick and Blistex work for me and do n't come with warnings.Edit
 This lip `` moisturizer '' dried my lips out sooo bad after using it ONCE . I hate leaving bad reviews , but I honestly hate this product . My lips got so dry and they looked so gross . I 'm sticking with Blistex chapstick .
 After two days of use , this product gave my lips an awful rash . I MEAN AWFULLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL ! HEAD AND TAKE WARNING TO WHAT I AM SAYING , PLEASE ...
 I had heard great things about this but I did n't have any luck with it . At first , it just did n't moisturize . My lips would feel dry again within an hour of reapplying . After about a week , I realized it was actually drying out my lips . -LRB- This only ever happened before with Burt 's bees so it 's probably not a sensitivity issue . -RRB- I then used Neosporin overnight lip treatment to restore my lips back to normal .
 The only positive thing I can say about this product is that it was shipped to us within a timely manner . Other than that , the product is * completely * ineffective . I put two on my son -LRB- on wrist and ankle -RRB- since he has a moderately severe reaction to mosquitoes , and he still managed to get bitten . I had one on my wrist and ended up with several bites . We put them on more than 10 minutes prior to going outside as instructed , too . Even more disappointing was trying to get in touch with their `` customer service . '' I tried calling Justtoc to complain and ask for a refund , but no one ever picked up between the hours that they they claimed to be available . I was able to email with them a few times , but they only offered to refund me a mere $ 6 -LRB- product was $ 16.13 plus $ 2.99 for shipping -RRB- - even though I offered to send back 9 -LRB- out of 12 -RRB- brand new bands back and pay for shipping myself . This is the 3rd day they have not responded back to me , and frankly , I 'm never going to order from them again and hope you do n't , either !
 I 've never been much for swallowing pills . And after some research I found that many whole pills are undigested in the body making them useless really . So a better option would be chewing them to make them easier to digest.I 'm a nursing mother and wanted to continue taking vitamins to support mine and my babies health.THESE ARE THE GROSSEST CHEWABLE VITAMINES I 'VE EVER HAD !!!!!!!!! Seriously . I 'm all for taking natural vitamins cause I do n't like all the additives and junk . But holy cow ! I do n't know if I 'll finish the bottle . I even tried blending them up with a morning drink ... crushing them with honey ... eating it with peanut butter ... nothing works . It 's just so bad.I do n't know how a women with morning sickness would be able to tolerate this.I 'd have puked for sure after just a few chews of this vitamin while I was pregnant.It really sucks that they taste so bad because there are so few natural vitamins to choose from.I 've resorted to Flintstones vitamins because they are the only thing I can bring myself to chew up and swallow .
 These were the most disgusting chewable vitamins I have ever tasted . Do n't waste your money go to something else .
 I was very excited to try these vitamins , in hope they would help with my problem of not being able to comfortably swallow the regular pre-natal vitamins . The taste was aweful , and it stuck to my teeth to leave a terrible after taste . I would not recommend unless your taste buds are dead !
 I purchased two pair of these braces and they are not worth the money . The material is cheap and the brace is poorly constructed . My attempts to contact the company were unsucessful . We 're switching back to the McDavid braces which are Podiatrist recommended .
 This case was used for about 24 hours before my husband gave up on it . I bought it as part of his Christmas present along with a Harley Davidson lighter . This will not stay clipped to the belt , so it kept falling off as he was riding his motorcycle . He finally stopped using it before he lost it on the road . The design needs to be improved and the snaps need to be reinforced .
 Ok , so I bought this thinking it would be good to have while riding and wearing chaps so I do n't have to dig into my pants pocket under the chaps . Well , it has a snap belt loop that is WAY to loose . I almost lost it along with my prized zippo twice before I decided to throw it in a junk drawer and never use it again . It comes unbuttoned and falls off your belt WAY to easy . You have been warned .
 Although the leather is thick , and this appears to be nicely made , the snaps are weak . Not only will the pouch open up , to expose the lighter to loss , but the belt loop snap is loose . I 've dropped this off my belt 3 times already . Luckily I have found it each time . Now I have used Lock-Tite to close the belt loop snap . But I do n't have a solution for the puch snap yet .
 This tastes so horrible that it was all I could do to not throw up . I do not have a weak stomach . It ca n't do any good if you ca n't take it .
 For both me and my husband , this stuff was dangerously bad - creating a worse problem than already existed ... including horrible pain and feeling dysfunctionally ill . For those who have this reaction -LRB- or are afraid to have this reaction -RRB- , I have good news ... the liquid cascara sagrada -LRB- I order from some Amish people over the phone -RRB- is safe and effective and I absolutely swear by it . Although the liquid version tastes like the worst thing on earth , so I buy the plain gelatin capsules on Amazon and fill them up with liquid cascara as needed ... 1 a day works well , or for a real problem on your hands you might take as many as 6 or so.As a side note
 I purchased two pair of these braces and they are not worth the money . The material is cheap and the brace is poorly constructed . My attempts to contact the company were unsucessful . We 're switching back to the McDavid braces which are Podiatrist recommended .
 i am 44 years old . in my case , this product did n't work . i am currently taking another brand which i hope will be better .
 The product got here in no time , and it was free shipping . However , this was one of my Christmas presents for my hubby , therefore I had to wait until then to get some feedback from him.Unfortunately the product ran out of battery after 5 min . of use :-LRB- we did charge it for over 24 hrs . as indicated on the instructions of the product.And even after that , it still stopped working after 5 min of body trimming ... anyways , I 'm giving this product 1 star only due to bad functioning , and also it is kind of small , which I found very interesting when a men 's body it 's naturally bigger than a woman 's . We did not get to try anything else from the product after that , so I ca n't comment on the others heads for the trimmer.Thank you Wahl ... we 'll keep on trying : -RRB-
 I have purchased Wahl hair clippers and other items for many years . I 'm very surprised that this particular groomer , intended for multi-purpose use , varies between being very ineffective and cutting my skin , but leaving my hair . For now I 'm going to stick to the far from perfect Philips Remington body groomer . That product could use some improvement because the shaving cartridge tends to get loose and fall out , but it handles delicate areas much more effectively .
 this product is terrible . takes 14 hours to charge and loses it 's charge after 30 minutes of use . this product is no worth buying . keep away .
 when i bought this shaver i thought it was their newest and most improved . i was wrong . it is pretty much the same as all other hair clippers i own and does n't work as well .
 I had heard of the Wahl name before and assumed that it was a good product . Well as they said in the movie `` assumption is the mother of all evils '' . This beard and body trimmer is just more `` Made in China '' junk . The company is based in the U.S.A , but have sadly gone to the China method of manufacturing . Never ever will I buy another Wahl product . The battery was very short lived from the start and is all but useless now . Have had the product for approx . one month .
 I recently bought this trimmer and it never chargedenough for you tu cut any body part maybe mine wasbroken or something but i allready had to throw away mine!ps . It dosent deserve not even one star
 We used it abroad on a trip , and now it wo n't work . Do n't know what that means for someone not going overseas , but it 's not a good international tool .
 Probably ok for minimal clean up , but not really a &#34; body &#34; trimmer . Did replace with Phillips which was made for men 's bodies . Got nicked in a sensitive area -- ouch .
 This product has plastic parts where blades are interchangeable . The plastic parts do not hold up . Within a few months my shaver broke -- it 's now in the landfill . Look around , do n't buy this product -- cheaply made .
 I needed to replace an aging Norelco trimmer . I really wish I had gotten another Norelco . This thing is absolutely horrible.The blade is so slow that it does n't cut my hair very well.The speed of the blade changes as I turn the head around . In the normal straight position it is the slowest , but turned 90 to 120 degrees from there it 's faster ... but impossible to hold and use in that position.The grip is made of rubber . Feels great in the hand , but impossible to clean off the hair . Really , did they actually test this thing ?? Lastly , the width of the blade is narrower than the Norelco I have . That means it would have taken many more passes over my head to finish the job , if it were n't for all the problems above.I 'm returning this thing after having it one day .
 Used this once , and then it would n't work , either plugged in or after recharging . Have n't sought a replacement yet , and I 'll give an update if I get some satisfaction . The hair-length attachment is cumbersome to adjust . Miss the old Norelco model that gave up the ghost . Still , this feels sturdy ...
 This is a very talked about cough remedy but for me it did not work . The taste is also terrible
 I 'm a long-time user of Thayer 's lozenges , and thought the tin might be nice n my purse . Two problems
 I had read about this lozenges and had anticipated that they would taste good . I do n't know if what I received was old and stale , but they are unedible . Do n't buy them .
 Tottally gross with really bad aftertaste . They are nothing like the regular flavored slippery elm lozengers.I would rather have dry mouth then try to suck on these putrid discs . Save your money .
 My 92 year old motherinlaw has been complaining about dry mouth so I thought I would give this a try . My wife took a lozenge as well as my motherinlaw at the same time . My wife is sick to her stomach in bed and was considering going to the emergency room . My motherinlaw complained of feeling stomach cramps and dizziness . The lozenges have been placed in the trash .
 I have dry mouth due to medication I am taking . I ordered these so called lozenges along with the dry mouth spray . I tried the `` lozenges '' and they are absolutely awful . First of all this is not a lozenge . I have bought lozenges before and I would describe a lozenge as being a hard candy with medicinal benefits . These are not by any stretch a hard candy . They are a medium size tablet that looks like a large pill . I had it in my mouth for perhaps 1-2 minutes and I had to get rid of it . The taste was horrendous , worse then any other medicinal lozenge I have taken in the past for colds and sore throats and some of them can taste nasty . The taste of these tablets goes far beyond nasty . I was able to dissolve the nasty sore throat lozenges entirely without gagging . I ordered 3 bottles of these `` dry mouth lozenges '' which in reality do not resemble any lozengesLozenge-Citrus -LRB- Dry Mouth -RRB- - 100 - LozengeI have ever bought . Again what I received were tablets that are represented falsely as lozenges and most importantly are intolerable when it comes to taste . I am returning 2 bottles and since I opened the 3rd one and can not return it I was forced to throw it out . A complete waste of money . The Thayers dry mouth spray is tolerable . I just tried it once so I can not say that it works in temporarily alleviating dry mouth . Hopefully after I try it again I will still be able to deal with the taste as I did the first time and it will somewhat ease my dry mouth condition . It is hard to give an informed opinion after trying an item only once unless it is really horrendous , such as the item being reviewed here .
 Too many straps , too big -LRB- too high on torso -RRB- , too uncomfortable . Returned it . Not happy with this purchase . Vvv vvv
 I bought this blood pressure monitor -LRB- HoMedics BPA-200 -RRB- for my in-laws at the same time I bought a different model for me and my husband -LRB- the Panasonic EW3122S Upper Arm Blood Pressure Monitor -RRB- . I bought the HoMedics because my mother-in-law has vision problems , and I felt the large screen would be a benefit . The large screen was great and the way the product operated was very user friendly , however the readings were very inaccurate and inconsistant . We were getting readings that were ridiculously high , like 205 over 165 , then a repeat check would get a reading like 60 over 45 , and we followed all the instructions on how to place the arm band and not to move or talk while taking a reading , etc. . We then compared the HoMedics with the Panasonic . The Panasonic was much more accurate and consistant . The Panasonic readings were very close or the same as readings we took at pharmacies and doctors . Maybe I just got a defective monitor from HoMedics - I 'm not sure , but I would n't buy another one from them . I was so embarrassed that I gave my in-laws my Panasonic and then I sent the HoMedics back to Amazon . They were wonderful by giving me a label to cover shipping back , but I sent it back a month ago and still have n't received my refund . When I emailed them , they said they have no record of my return yet .
 Bought one based on previous reviews . This machine will not accurately read blood pressure -LRB- some of the numbers that i got would suggest that I could not possibly be conscious , let alone sitting here typing a review ! -RRB- Successive readings would yield totally different numbers , and you would expect the numbers to be in close range of one another . Sent it back for an exchange -- same thing on the second machine . Returned the second one as well . Save your time and look elsewhere !
 This is one of the worst product I 've ever known . I bought it as a birthday gift for my 70-year-old mother . She was very happy with it , since she wanted one for a while . She opened the box and tried right away . She got 150/110 . Then I tried . I used to be a semi-profession soccer player . My heart rate is around 50 , and blood pressure is around 90/60 . But this machine gave me 128/92 . Even worse , 3 days later , my mom told me she 'd got 185/150 , and similar results 3 times in a roll . That really pissed me off , since I did n't mean to spending my hard earned money on garbage like that , especially on my mom 's birthday gift . At that time , I still did n't think the product was badly designed . So , I bought an exactly same model from Target . If this one works well , I 'll return the other one to Amazon . To my suprise , the new one acts just like the previous one . What can I say , HoMedics ?
 I 've had the BPA-200 for about a year . Last week I checked my blood pressure and the BPA-200 read 190/128 . I tried again and got various readings , all high . I changed the batteries , and there was no improvement . I went to urgent care . They said my blood pressure was 110/77 . What a relief.I 've tried the unit several times this week and the readings were scattered , but all were high . Previously I had a Panasonic manual unit . It never malfunctioned . I threw the BPA-200 away and ordered a new unit of another brand .
 I do n't get consistent or accurate readings . Have checked with supplier to make sure I understand instructions and have followed written instructions to the letter , BUT ... I have double checked it 7-8 times at 2 doctor 's offices and twice with the local firestation/emt , and in all cases this unit has consistently been 15-20 points higher than the others . The doctors/emt recommend that I get one with an upper arm cuff because they have a larger measuring area than the typically small wrist types . We shall see . I may have gotten a defective unit , but Amazon was great with my return .
 I am a trombone player in college and have been using this for a few months , buying it from the local music store . I love it , as it helps my lips feel better after playing for a while , and it does n't have any harmful ingredients . I decided to buy several online to save some money in the long run . When I received them , all three were dried up and uncomfortable to use . For the product , 5 stars . For the seller , 0 stars . Next time I 'll just buy it in a store .
 I used this product and had a bad allergic reaction . Even though the all natural aspect of this product sounds great , I ca n't recommend this product to anyone .
 Save your money ... get your lip balm at the local Wal-Mart . Expensive -LRB- plus S&H -RRB- and not worth the extra money for the musician 's ` chops ' .
 I bought this and tried it once . The long reach cutters are a good idea , and may work for some people with straight thin nails , but are too long , too floppy , and too awkward to use on thicker , curved , or odd shaped or fungus damaged nails . It was very difficult to get the cutting edges to grasp my nails , and the finger holes on the grip end are suited only for smaller hands , not for an average or large man 's hand . I will say that my 91 year old mother does like the pair I gave her somewhat better than her old toenail clippers with which she has been wrestling for the last 25 years .
 After extensive internet research and consultation with a pharmacist , I purchased this blood pressure monitor . It seemed to have the least bad reviews on Amazon . Even though I had been warned that wrist monitors are not as accurate as arm cuffs , I liked the features and packaging of this one . I have always had borderline high BP , and made an appointment with my doctor . I wanted to bring a record of my BP over 2-3 days before my appointment . Most , if not all of the measurements taken by this unit were at least 15-20 points higher than the ones taken by my doctor and his nurse at his office the `` old fashioned way '' -LRB- arm cuff and stethescope -RRB- . Back it went to Walgreens in exchange for an Omron 780 , which measured my BP very close to the numbers obtained at my doctors office . Although I liked the size , features and convenience of the Homedics BPW-200 , I can not in good conscience recommend it .
 This cuff did not live up to the hype . It consistently measured my pressure incorrectly after I followed all directions . When I discussed this with my doctor , he informed me that these cuffs are precarious at best!I am back to the good old arm cuff . Do not waste your money on this one .
 THIS ITEM SAYS THAT MY BLOOD PRESSURE IS 180/123 , WHICH MEANS I SHOULD BE DYING , AND AT THE DOCTOR OFFICE MY PRESSURE IS 120/68 .
 Amazon is a good source to find almost anything a little bit cheaper . This is not the case in this matter . Whole Foods has this for 5 dollars . And thats at whole paycheck .
 I been using this cream for three weeks now , and not seen any results . Your better off making it your self . All you need is Baling Soda and Castor Oil to make a paste . Thats all .
 I have many moles -LRB- thanks to family genes -RRB- and i 've always hated them ... actually i 've gotten quite a few removed for medical purposes but before that i wanted to see if i could get rid of some , so i purchased this . Plain and simple , like so many other products , it does n't do anything than irritate your skin !
 I had high hopes for this product . Sadly , it did not work very well for me .
 I tried this for 3 weeks and all it did is make my mole softer . When I received the catalog I realized that no where on the product or anywhere in the catalog does it state that this is for eliminating moles . I did get rid of my mole with Apple Cider Vinegar however and that took two weeks for a large half dime size one and one week for a 2mm one without any scaring . Just ruff up the mole with emery board or whatever you have lying around but try not to make it bleed , then clean around it , then put something around the skin to protect it like petroleum jelly , then apply apple cider vinegar directly , can also use a bandage to cover . The mole will scab up in sections or all at once then fall off . Larger moles will require more than one treatment .
 castor cream has done nothing for my small flat moles . it seems somewhat exfoliative but otherwise does not work after 4 weeks of use . very unimpressed , but maybe it 'll do somethin' for you ?
 I have applied the product for two months in accordance with the instructions but to no avail . Absolutely no results !
 I bought two jars of this castorcream with high hopes because of the few positive reviews left . I was surprise to see how small the jars are realizing it was a good thing that I purchased two instead of one . Well , regardly of how much you buy it does n't help the product to rid your skin of moles . AT ALL . This stuff sticks to the insideof the band aid and just lies there slowly drying up . Ahat a waste of money !!! I do not remmend anyone trying it for moles . Maybe it 's better on warts .
 They recommend once a day for 6 weeks and it will go away . I used this stuff religiously at least twice a day for 2 months and it did next to nothing . I even roughed it up with pumice stone to give the cream something to soak into . Finally decided to just go to the doctor . Do n't waste your money . $ 7.80 on shipping for a one ounce jar about the size of a film roll container ? What a rip-off .
 I have several small moles -LRB- must be heredity -RRB- around my neck and chest area , of different shapes and sizes - did not work on any of them - just made them slimy . Thank goodness this was cheap -- otherwise I would have been really , really , really upset !
 I got this after hearing that Edgar Cayce recommended it . I only have been using it for 2 weeks and nothing . It has dried the skin where I placed it but the moles are still there . I am figuring that since it is affecting the skin , not in a negative way , it could possibly be working . I will give it 4 more weeks if the 1 oz container last that long . If I get results I will be sure to update my review .
 These mints works the same as other mints but cost a lot more . It does not really last long in mouth either
 Tried your product it bent and started to break at heal . Plastic does not make it .
 The original shipment of the Liquid Chlorophyll was with the expired date of 02/2012 . When I wrote the fit back of the product , I 've got the replacement from the company with the same expiration date and my account was charged by $ 7.40 . . When I wrote again the complain , my account was credited by this amount . What about original charge of this product that I can not use?Should I send it back to have the credit ?
 I do n't care for creams which sit on top and just slime . Also , I know this is a `` natural '' cream , but the yellow oil which rises to the surface is unpleasant to me . I tried to like this off and on for over a month . That said , a friend of mine really likes it . Too bad she is 3000 miles away , I send it to her . Instead , it 's washed out and the plastic in the recycle bin .
 A lay person has no ability to evaluate the amount or quality of ingredients in a product . My lay person estimation of the amount of calendula in this cream has to be skimpy . Calendula is a known itch killer yet this product produced not relief for psoriasis in terms of itch relief or reducing redness.The product leaves a greasy coating on the skin which transfers to clothing or bedding . It does n't seem to absorb into the skin as other creams do . The jar now gathers dust as it provided no benefit or relief for me beyond a gentle pleasant scent .
 I received the cream today . The seal on the jar was broken . Oil from the cream had leaked into the plastic bag it was wrapped in and the cream itself appears to have separated from the oil . Look pretty disgusting . Not very happy having paid $ 26 for thus
 This product tastes so bad that even with it being diluted it was extremely difficult to get down . If you are gon na buy this then I suggest you get it in a capsule form instead . WOW !!
 I 've been taking Promensil Menopausal Relief Supplement for 10 weeks and I have not yet experienced any relief . I 'm disappointed because after reading all the positive reviews I was hoping it would work for me . Alot of the reviewers said it worked for them quickly , some in a matter of days , for others in a week or two . I 'm on my second 60 count box and I 'm totally miserable . I 'm averaging 10 to 15 maybe more hot flashes a day -LRB- some days I lose count if I do n't write it down -RRB- , and my night sweat are insane ! I awake drenched in sweat , therefore , I do n't get a restful nights sleep . My symptoms started two weeks before Christmas , so all of this is new to me -LRB- Jan. made it one year since my periods stopped -RRB- . I 'm going to finished this second box and look for something else . I ca n't take much more of these symptoms .
 I took this product for 2 months ... after a month I started to get constant headaches , muscle weakness and facial numbness . I had an MRi done and stopped everything I was taking but the promensil ... I finally decided to stop the promensil and things are better ... hopefully I can recover fully when it leaves my system . If you start getting headaches stop please !
 I take a variety of basic vitamins and supplements . Having hot flashes -- I thought this would work according to claims ... . made ZERO difference
 I received a months worth of pills to try for free . Since I had been experiencing moderate to severe menopause symptoms , I decided to give them a try . I didnt notice anything , but it said it could take 4weeks to get `` into your system '' before I was to notice any relief . I ran out of my free pills and decided to purchase another box of 60 . Grasping at straws by this time , I was willing to try anything to get rid of my hot flashes alone ! Still nothing . It was only when I contacted my Dr and was prescribed hormone patches did all my symptoms go away !! In my honest opinion , Novogen Promensil did absolutely NOTHING , except for take my money . I would not recommend Promensil to anyone . I feel they were a huge waste of money ! I would , however , strongly suggest if you are experiencing menopausal symptoms , to contact your doctor and get something from them that is tested , tried and true to work . I should have known that after I used the first box of Promensil and nothing worked , the same would happen by purchasing a new box ! I was strongly disappointed by their claims !
 I purchased this product for hot flashes and night sweats and it has not helped at all . I was taking New Phase and it worked immediately . I would not recommend Promensil . Try New Phase it really works .
 Sadly , these did n't work for me . I have a blood pressure problem and they seemed to cause it to spike .
 Not everything works for everybody , and this did n't work for me . I was on HRT and thought maybe I could taper off to a product like this , but the hot flashes came roaring back . I used something like this early on in menopause and it was fine , but as time went by and hormone levels dropped lower , the only thing that worked for me was conventional HRT . However , women who do n't have severe symptoms may find this helpful .
 After atttempting to buy the DURDC2400B4N AAA NiMH at Best Buy , I found that they are NOT 2300 mAH . It seems that there is a whole lot of FALSE advertising about this product -- Buyer Beware !
 The thing I was worried about was the fit . They fit just fine , but they really did not do anything to relieve my pain . I wore them off and on for a week on one hand and tried something different on the other . Same results . No improvement .
 The gloves were pretty much perfect for what I bought them for until they broke . They allowed me to type at a keyboard without my hands becoming cold . After three weeks , however , one of the seams completely came apart making the gloves unwearable . Pretty unacceptable . I was n't being particularly hard on them either .
 I ORDERED THIS PRODUCT BUT I NEVER RECEIVED IT AND THE VENDOR SAID THEY SENT VIA MAIL AND THAT I WAS OUT OF LUCK IF I DID NOT GET THEM . NEVER ORDER FROM THESE PEOPLE . I WAS REFUNDED BY AMAZON BUT NOT BY THE THERAPY CONNECTION .
 This glove has NO compression ... Poor quality , sewing very poor . Poorly constructed . See Active Glove review -LRB- which is Excellent -RRB- . Would like to exchange for ` Active Glove &#34; and pay difference.Ordered &#34; Active Glove &#34; by same manufacturer , same size . Quality superior and excellent construction quality .
 These are not compression gloves by any &#34; stretch &#34; . They are simply grey cloth fashion gloves made for gripping something . Yes gripping ! They have little rubber bumps all over the palm to prevent slipping , not at ALL like what the picture shows . The fingers are half this length , not even reaching the first joint on my small hands -LRB- and I ordered the small size and they did fit fine -RRB- . But in short , these are not compression gloves ... but gripping gloves . When I went to do my return the return &#34; requires special handling &#34; so I had to CALL customer support at amazon and they are happily allowing me to return this item and are tagging the issue . Please see my uploaded picture !
 I had so hoped they would be what I 've needed , but after using them they developed holes in them . One at the stitching & the other at the edge between thumb & forefinger . I only use them for typing . I was very disappointed in the quality . Maybe I just got a defective pair , I do n't know .
 I almost wonder if I received a different product than the rest of the reviewers did . Just got the Imak gloves yesterday , ordered because of the glowing reviews and the fact that the price is half what other compression gloves cost . I should have just spent the $ on the better ones . These are pretty low quality . The inside seams are unfinished and bulky , so they are quite irritating and leave big red marks on the skin when taking the gloves off . Threads are unraveling all over the place
 Unfortunately , the seams at the thumb have unraveled , and no amount of mending has stopped the unravelling process . The results of wearing the gloves are positive , but the quality of the construction leaves room for improvement .
 The gloves I received looked like a cheap imitation of the gloves shown - the fingers and wrist were shorter , there was rubber on the palms and they were made out of a polyester/cotton/spandex / pvc blend - not 95 % cotton , 5 % spandex as stated . They arrived in a celophane envelope and no other packaging , did not have the IMAK label , they are very thin and do not provide any compression or support at all . I ordered the small based on the IMAK website size quide and they are roomy . I do n't understand the 5 star reviews this product has - they must have received something different because mine are a rip-off .
 This was the only set available from the resource at the time . I will continue my search . I 've never considered my hands exceedingly small . There is little support , though the fabric is nice . I will definitely continue my search .
 I have small hands but ordered the gloves in medium to lessen the compression effect . I just wanted the warmth for my arthritis . The compression was so strong that my fingers turned blue.HPMS will not take returns on anything but books , or videos . I will not be buying anything more from them .
 plain and simple , these are nothing more than thin cotton gloves that fit tight to the hand . I find it hard to type with them on , as they constrict the movement of the fingers .
 Does not warm my hands one bit . In fact for some reasons with the gloves on my hands feel colder .
 I have to sit at a computer all day typing , and I am also right handed . This has caused bad cramping in my hand and I 've had to use arthiritis relief gels as well as gloves like this . This particular glove does not work for me . It 's like having on winter gloves which are just for shielding out the cold . Would not purchase again , and think I waisted my money in purchasing it .
 It look ok but the quality is no good it broke easy when I wore it on my dayli activities .
 I tried these gloves and one other brand . Both were a disappointment . I am using an ointment that seems to work better . My hands feel better after exercise , but these gloves keep them stiff and do n't allow enough movement .
 This is not 2 pair of gloves . It is one pair . I hardly find it worth the cost plus shipping . We contacted Amazon and they said that it states it is one pair .
 So these gloves come rolled up in a small box . They came out of the box with tears in the seams and loose threads , and ultimately are extremely cheap gloves -LRB- though they are not priced as such -RRB- . They fit well enough , and do assist in reducing pain somewhat , but they also cause sweaty palms and become hard to remove when slightly moist.Also , my friend remarked that they look like hobo gloves.I 'll be wearing them until they rip more , and at that point , I 'll probably try a different brand .
 I really hoped these would be all that people said they would be but to be honest I did n't notice any difference . The fingers also were quite long . If you have long fingers that 's great .
 I needed these to keep my wrist and hand warm to relieve my pain . I found these gloves to get colder as I wore them .
 Remember that this is third distillation ylang ylang . First distillation is far better -LRB- and far more expensive -RRB- . Second distillation is better .
 Seller shipped quickly and arrived without incident.Not the scent I expected . It smells like lilies.To me lilies smell horrible and remind me of death.Many people do like lilies . If you 're one , you 'll probably love the smell.In fact , if you enjoy the smell of lilies than this oil is for you ! Fast and easy delivery too.I was looking for a nice floral scent to add to my homemade laundry detergent . I 'm going to have to order something else . I do n't think it 's worth it to pay return shipping . Now trying to give the oil away !
 I ordered the Aura Cacia Rosemary essential oil and I 'm actually sending it back to the company . Although their lavender , tea tree and eucalyptus smell true , the rosemary smells more like the woody stems then the leaves . Pretty disappointing .
 The outside is very soft but the memory foam was too hard . It made my neck feel terrible and in an awkward position . Too hard and thick . I ended up buying one with a beeded interior .
 Unlike Carmex 's containers , the lip balm inside Burt 's tin container was n't smooth or creamy . When I dipped my finger inside , chunks of the lip balm would come out , and I had to press it really hard against my lips to try to make it go on smoothly . Even then , I 'd end up with chunks of it on my lips . It was just like they had gotten the chapstick out of the Burt 's tube and pushed it into the tin . When it 's in a tin you expect the balm to be softer so it can go on your fingers more smoothly and onto your lips . Maybe I just had bad luck and got a defected one , since I noticed all the other positive reviews this product has gotten . Overall , I was not at all satisfied with this product . It was a waste of the couple dollas I paid for it . I 'd stick to the tube version of the Burt 's , which I 've been using and have been happy with .
 This is a wonderful product , but you should buy it in the plastic tube instead . The tin taints the scent and flavor of the lip gloss , and makes an otherwise wonderful product a little offensive .
 Now I know that there are about a trillion 5-star reviews of this product on Amazon , and I 'm likely to get hate mail after posting this , but I just have to say
 i heard so much about burt bees lip balm . so i thought i would give a try in this drying winter , but i was so hard to apply and does n't moisturize at all . . i dunno if it 's just the one i got or it 's a bad product !! , , anyways great delivery time -LRB- Y -RRB-
 I fully expected to love this product because I like mint-flavored balms and heard such good things about this one , but did n't find it all that moisturizing . It had a stiff texture and did n't glide onto my lips very well . Also , for some reason , this product actually made my lips drier than they were before . That kind of defeats the purpose of using chapstick in the first place . I have since found other chapsticks that are cheaper and more effective . I recommend Aquafina lip balm , which also contains beeswax but is a much softer chapstick with the added benefit of rich moisturizers like jojoba and almond oils .
 I 'm sure the product is fine . Or it had better be ... I have n't even received this yet , but I have a review of the purchase experience . Had I known that `` standard shipping '' would be over $ 20 on this 2-lb , $ 29.99 purchase being sent to a local domestic address , I would n't have ordered it from Amazon , but simply driven to Target to buy it . To make matters worse , the things I ordered at the same time have already been shipped , but this is still `` being prepared for shipment '' ... and I ca n't cancel . Usually I notice these shenanigans , but this one got past me . So if you 're living in the Arctic or on a desserted island 150 miles from your nearest Target Store and this is the one you want , go for it . Otherwise , buyer beware .
 I am not pleased with the results of having used this product . I have taken for nearly a month with no good results . Also the product listings on the container are not clear and not specifically listed as to just what the product contains . Would not purchase again and I am sorry I purchased 2 bottles of this product .
 Was shocked when mine arrived this morning , was dirty somewhat . it looks as though it had been used ? Dirty , YUCK
 I purchased a refurbished RugDoctor Mighty Pro MP-C2D through Amazon 's Woot Sellout . First time I used it , the vacuum was not working on the carpet setting . Not realizing the noise I heard was only the pump and brush , I put about gallon of solution on the rug . Now I have a wet rug and a machine that has to go in for warranty repair miles away . Nice job of refurbishing ! And thanks for the trip .
 Rug Doctor has the worst customer service I have ever seen in my life . I would not buy this product if I were you . Their customer service is the worst service I have ever seen in my life . They do not communicate with their customers and just lie right to you . The product is so so but if the customer service is horrible why waste your money . They treat their customers like crap.You can have the best product in the world but if you crappy and degading customer service , why waste your time .
 How many people does it take to use the rug doctor not one not two but three and after your done you will need a doctor a back doctor . How to use to get half the results of the commercial one person pulls slowly then another person hold down the front to get the brushes down in the carpet and the other to pull the steamer . Finally the third person to spray and scrub the spots because it can not get them out .
 When I bought my carpet eight or ten years ago , it was the best carpet Home Depot had to offer . The carpet was in my bedroom and I live alone so it was n't a high traffic area . I never cleaned it with anything more than a vacuum . When I finally rented a Rug Doctor , I guess it was too late . I made pass after pass going slower and slower each time but it simply would not come clean . So I certainly wasted my money on Rug Doctor . Maybe if I had used Rug Doctor after 1 or 2 years instead of 8 or 10 I would have gotten better results . I do n't know . Anyway I am now ripping up the carpet .
 It 's not mentioned in the product description but this product has a concentration of hypericin , the active chemical in St John 's wort , of only 0.14 % . Most St John 's wort products have a concentration of 0.3 % , and nearly all of the dosing guidelines I 've found assume you 're taking something standardized to 0.3 % . Basically this means that if you take what should be an effective and safe dose of 900mg per day , you 're getting less than half as much of the active ingredient as you might think . Except that I ca n't find any information on whether doubling the dose is safe , or if there are other factors to consider . Only Natural and Amazon are doing St John 's wort users a major disservice by putting a non-standard product on the market with no warning or indication of the difference until the package arrives at your house .
 Does not do anything it claims to do . In this genre of supplements I have tried countless products . This one rates at the bottom . Hopefully you can save the money I wasted . Have an AWESOME day : -RRB-
 I bought this item an it arrived defective . The seller told me I had to deal with the factory . The factory sent a technician three times and he could n't figure out what was wrong with it . They rejected my claim for a replacement , or a refund . They said eventually the problem would be found . The seller was absolutely absent . I had to ask Amazon and I am still waiting for this to be solved.Customer service , and guarantee does not work at all . The item , I ca n't tell since it never worked .
 I bought these for use on our Pack n Play changing table and HATED them ! The flannel formed little pill-balls all over with the very FIRST washing , and it only got worse , even though I was following the manufacturer 's cleaning instructions ! I would n't even recommend these for use under a crib sheet , due to the poor washability . After only 3 weeks of light use -LRB- I rotated several brands -RRB- , I bagged them up and returned them to the store . The pill-balls had gotten so bad , my baby 's clothes seemed to `` cling '' to the pad when I laid him on it ! I exchanged them for the BRU brand of quilted and reversible pads , which are so far performing much , much better .
 This item pilled up and had fuzzy balls after one wash , not a quality product would not recommend .
 This product seemed to have good reviews I used it and noticed nothing changed . I was not very impressed and would never purchase it again .
 DO NOT BUY THESE BATTERIES !! Although this product includes several separate packages of hearings , virtually all of the batteries failed immediately . A few lasted 4 hours . So far , the Engergizer Audio Pro batteries have been the most reliable and long lasting .
 I buy these Luna bars -LRB- choco peppermint -RRB- very frequently , both at Trader Joe 's and normal grocery stores.I ordered this bulk pack from Amazon , but it turns out they are different from all of the others that I have bought.I wo n't buy in bulk from here again - the price difference does n't make up for the decrease in quality of the bars .
 I thought the Lemon Zest flavor tasted like lemon kitchen cleaner ... . a Fantastik bar . It was also cloyingly sweet . Would not recommend .
 I love this product line of bars - they are very good for you , but yet very satisfying . But , I did n't care for this flavor at all -- it was nothing like I thought it would be . I would try a different flavor .
 Luna promised me a protein bar with peanut buttery goodness but I was lied to !!! This in no way tastes like a peanut butter cookie , let alone peanut butter anything . The first ingredients should be peanut something or other but its towards the bottom . I knew that this was not going to be like a peanut butter cookie but I thought at least it would have a peanut butter taste . I guess the best way for me to describe the taste would be like a very sweet yogurt like coating on the bottom of a supper sweet saccahrin sweet rice crispy thing . The one that I really enjoyed was the Nuts Over Chocolate luna bar , that one has a nice peanut taste and delicious chocolate bottom to boot . So dont go in thinking that you are going to get any peanut butter taste at all , but if you like a mystery flavor thats really sweet then go for it . I give it two stars because at least it has nutrition in it .
 I really do n't like to write a negative review but these Chocolate Pecan Pie Luna Bars are really ghastly . They taste absolutely NOTHING like the name or description says . The are hard and dry and have the consistency of chewing on chopped up twigs and sticks . The chocolate coating tastes nothing like chocolate and I have no clue how they chose the name Pecan Pie because it does n't even remotely taste like a pecan pie ... they even leave a bad taste in your mouth . They are sort of bitter and have no sweetness to them at all . Unfortunately I ordered an entire box of these . If they were a little bit darker I could use them for replacement roof shingles . I also got a box of Health Valley Cafe Creations in the Cinnamom Danish flavor -- they are excellent and really nice to have on hand for a snack .
 These tasted awful and I had ordered a whole box . I gave them to my sister and she actually liked them , so I guess different tastes for different people . Just do n't order a whole box unless you know you like them .
 The lemon zest bar tasted great but left a weird aftertaste ... that lasted all day . This did n't happen with the nuts over chocolate bar -LRB- kind of bland , BTW . -RRB- I would n't buy the lemon zest flavor again because of the aftertaste .
 From previous reviews I really thought I was finally going to find a nutrition bar that tasted good and was good for you . Well , I hope it is good for you , because it tastes like sawdust and honey . My husband bought me a variety of different flavors with the same result . The bar is very dry and there is very little flavor about it . I know some people love them , but count me out . I 'm not impressed at all .
 Although the first bite had a nice mild lemon flavour , the next few bites started getting worse . It started tasting oily and buttery , and I found myself feeling sick by the end of it . One of the worse Luna bars - stay away .
 This tastes just like it says , ZEST . Try chewing on the rind of a lemon and you 'll know what these bars taste like . Not all that appealing to me , but I guess some people like that . The other flavors are a lot better .
 I thought I would try this bar because I have heard good things about Luna Bars . After taking the first bite I knew I did n't like the artificial taste , but I took another bite because I did n't want to waste the money I paid for it . After the second bite I just could not make myself eat anymore of it so I threw it away . I would never buy this variety again , however I did try the Raspberry Chocolate variety and thought it was pretty good for a protein bar .
 I had never eaten a Luna bar before I made this purchase , so I had expectations that were not even close to being fufilled.When I read `` chocolate Pecan Pie '' . . I expected just that . . the taste of rich chocolate , with nutty pecans and a gooey sugary base . What I received was a bar with little taste , nothing at all similar to the name on the bar.In my opinion , the bar is edible if you have no expectations of it ... the flavor is barely there . The bar is dry . It is never again be on my `` purchase '' list
 This bar is so sweet you wo n't want sugar for a month if you eat one . If you are n't dibetic , you will be if you eat these . Of course , they 're only for women . I 'm sure the women will eat one and either stop eating them or go into diabetic shock . Live Long and Prosper .
 I can barely eat one , but they are so good for you I make myself .
 Luna Bar decided to change the recipe for the Lemon Zest Bars . They are way less lemony - much more oily . Very disappointed in the change - were way better before .
 This is a product that I normally buy in my grocery store , so I know what fresh ones taste like . The ones delivered by Amazon.com were dry and broken up in pieces.This has never been my experience with other products from Amazon ...
 Okay so I was loving Luna bars and eating them almost daily until I came across an article about the process of extracting soy protein isolate . Apparently , in this process a chemical called hexane is used which is a known neurotoxin . Unless the ingredients specifically state that it is organic then the soy protein isolate is most likely extracted using this chemical . I was eating these bars because I thought they were a great nutrition bar , but no longer . There is a list online entitled `` Guide to hexane-extracted soy in nutrition bars '' by the Cornucopia institute which rates these types of bars . Luna Bars are rated with a skull and crossbones . Lovely . I have written an inquiry to the company in order verify this information but they will not contact me back . I advise any eating Luna bars to consider this information and do some research . I personally do not want any extra chemicals in my body !
 The Lemon Zest ones are just plain nasty . I love lemon and lemon flavored treats but I do not suggest these . I only ate one and wish I could send them back , I 'm going to give these away if someone will have them . Yuck ! Now , the Chai Tea ones taste better but I would only eat in case of an emergency -LRB- car break down , nothing to eat -RRB- . I should have stuck with the Chocolate Pecan ones of real food .
 Wondering why these are still listed as ` in stock ' , when they are NOT in stock and , in fact , no longer being made by Clif/Luna ??
 Upon opening this bar inside our car , I thought our spare tire sprung a leak ! Sadly , the smell was coming from from the newly opened Luna bar , this one optimistically called ` Peanut Butter Cookie ' . The kids would not go near it , but I figured I 'd give it a try , yet could not avoid the overwhelming smell of Car Tire . The -LRB- ahem -RRB- flavor did not resemble any Peanut Butter or Cookie that I 've ever eaten before , at least not on purpose : - -RRB- Buy a single one before you buy the box . Amazingly , some people say they like these ...
 While I really liked the white chocolate macadamia nut flavor , the nuts over chocolate tasted nasty , with a burnt peanut taste . Would not ever try again !
 I do love Luna Bars ... but when I received mine , you could tell the package was placed upside down and in heat . All of the tops were melted and stuck to the wrapper . They obviously still tasted good , just difficult to eat .
 I was sold on Luna Bars when I tried my first one from a grocery store
 I was attracted to the resemblance to Snickers Marathon bars in the description and lower end price BUT these have a nasty chalky soy aftertaste-almost inedible and I do n't say that lightlyamazed to see some people like these -- wowDe gustibus non disputandum
 At 60 yrs old , I 'm just beginning to experiment with different types of bars that are a healthier choice . I learned several good lessons when ordering the Luna Bars . Not all tastebuds are equal !! To me they had the strangest taste of any bar I 've tried . To make matters worse , the order got doubled somehow , but I did n't have the heart to send them back since it was my fault . I will take more time to read ALL of the best reviews . I often do this to prevent the kind of problem that happened . I 'd have to look and see what I paid for them , but if anyone is interested , I 'd make you a deal on a box of these Luna Bars . Sorry Luna , you 've got a long way to go !!
 This is a delicious bar . I literally eat one a day . But if they are priced above $ 15 that is crazy . A single bar is about a dollar . So you are not really saving anything by buying a whole box . And $ 15.09 per box ... . I get a box $ 14.99 at the commissary . Not much of a difference but hey ! It 's a few extra cents in your pocket !!
 I am amazed that all these so-called health foods will add artery-clogging `` palm kernel oil '' as an ingredient . Do n't buy anything with palm kernel oil , cocoa butter , and anything hydrogenated !! No matter how many `` organic '' things are added to it.For many years now , it has been established that palmitic acid carbon atoms increase the risk of coronary heart disease . The World Health Organization in its report states there is convincing evidence that palmitic oil consumption contributes to an increased risk of developing of cardiovascular diseases .
 This is one of the worst Luna Bars I 've tasted . The flavor is more like grape than raspberry . No almond flavor at all . Would not purchase again .
 I just opened up a S'Mores bar and found that it was infested with maggots ! A Google search reveals that others have had this problem as well . I would assume that this is a rare occurrence , since I found only two other people who have encountered the same problem , but that 's still too many for me . Needless to say , I 've cancelled my subscription to all Luna Bar products and wo n't buy them ever again .
 I am truly surprised to see all the 5 star reviews here for these Zoe 's Chocolate Delight bars . They just do n't taste good at all to me . There is something `` off '' about the taste . The chocolate does n't really taste much like chocolate at all -- I 'm not sure how to describe it . In addition , there is an aftertaste that other people have mentioned they noticed in Zoe bars . Even taking into account that they are designed to be lower in refined sugar and higher in fiber , they are still quite bland and could use more sweetness . In no way do they taste even close to a candy bar like other protein bars can . I am a major connoisseur of the lower-sugar , lower-calorie , higher-fiber protein bars , and I have to say that Zoe 's bars rank last in my opinion . I have had many other bars with the same approximate amount of sugar and number of calories that were all sweeter , more filling , more satisfying , and simply taste way better all around . Three of my favorites that I would recommend
 They tasted good but the nausea did n't go away . Instead it was sweet and nauseous . I wish they would have worked because I like them but not as more than just candy .
 I bought these for my wife as she had a lot of sickness in her pregnancy . But she did n't get much in the way of relief using these , and mostly she just got a sore mouth as using these for more than a few minutes caused her mouth to go raw.I 'd look elsewhere , unless you just know that these will work for you .
 they had a weird flavor and after taste when I had morning sickness . They also did n't help me with my morning sickness either . but honestly I do n't know what would really helped at that point . I tried all kinds of things and none really worked . So I only used a couple of them and thinking maybe they will taste better after my morning sickness was over . I tried them again after 16 weeks when my M/S was over , they still tasted weird .
 Maybe the non-sour drops are more effective , but I didnt find these to work . The sourness actually made me more nauseated and after two tries -LRB- on seperate occassions -RRB- I threw them away .
 There was nothing wrong with this product except that it did not help with my morning sickness . Unfortunately for me , nothing that anyone recommended seemed to help - not these , not B vitamins , not anything short of prescription medicine . Zofran is a miracle drug . I still threw up even with the Zofran occasionally but it really helped . Even at 6 months pregnant , I still occasionally throw up , so I 'm probably not very normal . This might work for you , but it did n't for me .
 I had a little nausea before i tried preggo drop as soon as i took them i was vomiting all day !
 My best friend and I are 3 weeks apart both now out of our morning sickness stage -LRB- yay second trimester -RRB- however for the first 3 months suffered from moderate-severe sickness . I used to drive around with plastic bags in my lap to vomit at red lights and stop signs . None of the advice given to me did the trick ... lemons , ginger , saltines & ginger ale ... etc. same goes for her so when we heard about Preggie Pop Drops we thought our prayers had been answered ! Finished 1 canister each and both came to the same conclusion sweet/sour and delish ! HOWEVER it 's intended purpose of combating nausea is just a load of crap . They did NOTHING but turn my vomit a variety of colors and fruit flavors and at 8-ish bucks a container I ca n't help but feel a bit swindled .
 Do n't waste your money on these candies - that 's all that they are . The flavors are non-aversive , but the candy itself is n't going to calm anyone 's nausea . Genius marketing , but silly product for desperately sick women .
 I thought these were supposed to have vitamin B in them . My MD suggested them due to my nausea , maybe I should have gotten lollipops ? I got these candies , they taste good , but for the price , I may as well get something off the shelf that is just sour sugar . These have a LOT of sugar , and nothing else in them except filler . I do n't see how they 're for nausea , I got Halls eucalyptus sugar-free cough drops and those worked better for nausea . I would save your money , there is nothing unique about these except its marketing .
 I started having morning sickness when I was 5 weeks along and by the time I was 10 weeks the morning sickness was out of control and I could n't tolerate the smell of most foods . I used the Preggie Pop Drops and really hoped that it would work . By the time I hit 13 weeks I had lost 15 pounds and nothing worked , not Sea-Bands , not lemon drops , not ginger , not Preggie Pops , so I had no choice but to go on Zofran . Now THAT worked like a charm ! I had a sweet tooth prior to getting pregnant but as the pregnancy progressed I could n't handle eating anything even mildly sweet because of the aftertaste it left in my mouth . So if somewhere along your pregnancy you develop an aversion to sweets then do not purchase these because they are extremely sweet and tart . I highly encourage anyone who is pregnant with severe morning sickness to consult with their health care provider before wasting any money on these type of products .
 Did n't work for me . Intact they made me feel worse . I do n't know if its just me or they are supposed to be a placebo help .
 I was lucky in that my morning sickness was n't unbearable , but it was still bothersome . I got a pack of these and they were absolutely repulsive . Every flavor disgusted me and I ended up giving them away with the caveat that they made me feel much worse . I hope the person I passed them on to had a better experience than I did .
 These candies did nothing for my pregnancy induced nausea . They may have well been a placebo . Ginger candies are more helpful in relieving this nausea .
 The idea of these is to suck on them to reduce nausea . The flavors were so-so . Jolly Ranchers were cheaper and they had flavors I loved . I used Jolly Ranchers for nausea and acid reflux .
 I ca n't believe I paid 5 dollars for a few pieces of hard candy . There was no special ingredient to these other than they are organic and made from natural flavors . I was able to get a much larger bag of organic candy from the health food store for a fraction of the price . As for helping my morning sickness it did n't work any better than anything else .
 Definitely eased my pregnancy nausea - they worked so well , in fact , I brought them on a road trip to help with carsickness . I sucked on three in a row , and they worked great , except afterwards my tongue and gums felt raw and my teeth ached . My teeth are still really sensitive three days later . I guess it must be from all the acid that gives them the sour taste ? I probably wo n't use them again because it seriously hurts to chew anything now .
 I did n't find that these worked . All I wanted to do was brush my teeth to get the taste out when I was done .
 I am 5 months along , and still sick most of the day . I bought these wishing they would help . The first flavor I tried , tangerine , actually did help for a short period of time . The raspberry , made me sicker ! The other two I made myself keep in my mouth , but they did n't help at all . Oh well , wishful thinking I suppose ...
 I bought this product two weeks ago for morning sickness and I have found on all occasions after eating the candies , I became more sick . The sour flavor did not sit well . I would not recommend this product for relief from morning sickness .
 The taste is ok . They make you salivate a lot , which is bad when you are nauseous . They did n't help at all with nausea .
 Says brown rice and cane sugar , but I got VERY sick from them since they are not 100 % gluten free . If you are going to order Preggie pop drops and have celiacs or a form of a gluten allergy , order the organic version , they state that they are gluten free . These were not the greatest thing to vomit back up . The relief did n't last long , and left an awful aftertaste . Very much over priced . If you have HG , -LRB- non-stop vomiting -RRB- , stick to ginger ale and broth . Just vomiting will make the nausea go away a lot longer than fighting it with these over priced candies .
 This is basically very expensive candy . Works about as much as a piece of candy would . I 'm getting better results with papaya enzymes , peppermint gum and lying down .
 These were not that sour , and did n't taste very good . Not a big help for the nausea . Buy your favorite hard candy instead . I think lemon heads worked well .
 It did n't help me even a little . In fact at times It made me feel a little sicker . It was a waste of money and I was very disappointed .
 I was very sick with my second child and these did not help at all ... in fact , when I 'd put one in my mouth the sourness would make me pucker and want to throw up even more ! I had bought a huge three pack of them and ended up having to give them away . They did taste okay , just not when you 're dealing with morning sickness .
 I bought this product after reading the reviews , but unfortunately was a waste of time and money . These are pricey ineffective drops . They are very sour and I felt worse after having them .
 I heard a lot of good news about preggie pops , but do n't be fooled by the hype . It is not a miracle cure for those who have real morning sickness . These candies actually made my sickness worse ! Wish I could get my money back for this purchase , but of well . This product was not for me .
 I did n't notice any benefit from these but it may be that they were incredibly sour and I do n't particularly like sour so it was a struggle to eat them .
 My wife had horrific nausea and vomiting until the mid second trimester . She had aversion to this product and could barely stomach it . I 'm sure this may work for some with more mild morning sickness but for severe sickness I found absolutely no product worked whatsoever for my wife -LRB- I bought her everything -RRB- other than strawberries and slurpees ...
 I found these candies absolutely useless besides they even make me sicker when I try eating them . And as I ordered a lot of them hoping to find the cure I wasted a lot of money .
 these actually made me gag . -- they have a funny aftertaste . they are WAY overpriced ... I think jolly ranchers work better at 1/4 the price .
 Before using these drops , I had never had ANY problems with my teeth -LRB- no cavities , no sensitivity , etc. -RRB- . After using this product for only 4 days , I developed excruciating sensitivity to even slightly cold drinks on my bottom left molars . -LRB- I always sucked on the candies on the left side of my mouth , between the bottom molars and the left cheek . -RRB- The citric acid in the candy eroded the enamel on my teeth , leaving me with highly sensitive and painful molars . It has been over a week and the pain is not easing up at all . I have seen a dentist who has ruled out a cavity or cracked tooth ... the only explanation is acid erosion due to these sour candies . The dentist gave me a special paste to apply to the teeth at night which is supposed to give sensitivity relief almost immediately . Unfortunately , it has done nothing for my pain and actually seems to make it worse . I never would have imagined that sucking on only 10 drops over the course of four days could actually hurt my teeth so dramatically , but there really is no other explanation . I am glad that these drops have helped other people get through months of morning sickness , but for me , they did nothing but ruin my previously perfect teeth .
 In desperation to cure myself of 24/7 Morning sickness , I tried this product . I did n't find it anymore helpful than sucking on any other hard piece of candy .
 Its so funny , I had no idea why I craved sour patch kids during my first and second pregnancy ! It does really help to eat a few of the sour patch kids when I am feeling kinda blah and sick . I also squeeze lemon in my water and that helps also.I have never tried these but imagine they are better for you than the sour patch kids , but Im not switching over . I love the sour patch kids , and they really work for me ! : -RRB-
 Bought this product based on the positive reviews ; however , it did n't work for my wife . To be fair , nothing worked including ginger ale , ginger candy , sour candy , ginger tea , seabands . The only thing that worked was eating food .
 I think there was one flavor that tasted OK to me . Every woman is so different during the first 12-16 weeks of pregnancy . I would imagine these would settle some women 's stomachs , but the flavors did n't work for me .
 Although these candies may be considered slightly more nutritious than other candies I do n't think they did anything that any other hard candy , such as a jolly rancher , would have done . It 's nice when you suffer from morning sickness to have something to suck on but I would have preferred that it be a lot more sour than these were . For the price I would either buy a bag of jolly ranchers or look for candy at your local health for store that does n't contain high fructose corn syrup . These just were n't anything special .
 I was disappointed in the Preggie drops as I was really hoping to finally find something that helped my all day nausea . They actually hurt my teeth because they were so sweet .
 I bought these candies because a friend had suggested them . I have been very sick this whole pregnancy so far and these candies didnt help at all . The smell of them killed me , and the flavors wernt that good . I would not recommend this product to anyone . It didnt help me at all .
 I 've had terrible `` all day '' sickness with this pregnancy and was hoping that Preggie Pop Drops would do wonders like everyone says . I was so excited when I received them that I opened the pack right up and ate one . The flavors are absolutely delicious . Even the lemon -LRB- which I normally hate -RRB- because it tasted like lemon meringue pie to me . The only problem is , that they seemed to actually make me worse . It might just be because of the sweetness . That seems to be something that 's setting me off , so although they may be helpful to others , they are horrible for me . I actually felt so sick after eating one on my way to go shopping that I thought that I was going to pass out in the store . I have n't had any since then , so I wasted my money .
 Seriously . Just candy , with a cute name and expensive packaging.Yes I liked the flavors . Yes many nausea products rely on sugars to soothe the stomach . MAYBE rice syrup is marginally better as a sugar than high fructose corn syrup.But I found these had zero impact on nausea , and therefore zero upside to the sugar . If I needed a sugar solution to the morning sickness , good old cola syrup or Nausene did me more good.The best thing I could say about them is , the guys in the office did n't get into my candy !
 I am a big Zoe bar fan but I find that the apple flavor is too fake . My 4yo liked it but noone else in the family did . Stick with the pb and chocolate one . .
 I tried this product because I wanted something that was unscented and also something that I had hoped would help with frizz and did n't have some of the bad stuff I had been reading about that was in other products . Well , this does n't have the bad stuff , but it does n't have anything really good in it that I can tell . It is definitely unscented , but all it did was completely strip my hair of whatever natural oils it did have in it and left it feeling terrible.I also used the corresponding shampoo and what a mistake the two products were . I used them just once and it took a week of using my regular shampoo and conditioner and leave-in products to get it back to a somewhat `` normal '' state . My hair felt almost burnt.I will say that I gave both shampoo and conditioner to my daughter whose hair tends to be a bit oily and she likes it . My hair tends to be dryer and it was awful . I guess because it takes away all the oils , it makes hers feel better , but if your hair is more neutral or dry , this is not a good product to use . There is no warning or suggestions for use with it and there should be .
 This conditioner is NOT the same Desert Essence Red Raspberry conditioner I bought in the store -LRB- even though the name is the exact same -RRB- . The tube is slightly different too -LRB- the design and fonts on it -RRB- . So either this an older version of this conditioner , OR this is a fake.Go to Whole Foods or any other natural food store and buy the REAL Desert Essence Red Raspberry shampoo and conditioner and I bet you will be impressed with how great it is -LRB- I never thought a super market brand would be good -RRB- . It makes my hair shiny and smell great . Not many shampoos / conditioners make my hair shiny . I have very fine , slightly damaged hair.THIS , sadly , is not the same conditioner . The difference is 100 % noticeable . The bottle , consistency and final effect are not even close . Completely different formulation . Not recommended AT ALL . However the original is highly recommended .
 Quick service but other vendors offer the `` tester '' with more volume and a lower price per Oz .
 Sum it up by saying that I am mad at myself to realize that I have missed the 30 day deadline to return this item . No aspect of it -LRB- shaver , trimmer , epilator -RRB- works as I had hoped/expected . I have a -LRB- very old fashioned -RRB- Epilady with the spring mechanism that works better .
 I bought this because it is both wet/dry and also has the shaver . But this just doesnot work as expected . The razor is fine but the epillator is bad .
 I took these tablits for about 15 days and I got an itchy rash and became constipated . They may work well for others but I 'll never know since I had to stop taking them . When I stopped , everything cleared up .
 Because of low cal diet , my hair was falling out in clumps every day -- lots of clumps . It was thinning quite a bit . My dermatologist gave me this supplement , which sells for 3 times the Amazon price in her office . I just finished 3 months . My nails are chipping and flaking more now than they were before . I do n't have long beautiful nails after three months of biotin . In fact , every time they grew a bit , they would break right there where they attach to the skin . My hair on the other hand looks good , and I have stopped shedding so much hair . I probably wo n't take biotin any more unless I return to my diet and start losing a lot of hair again . I do n't think it did anything for my nails .
 I 've been using this product for 8 months , and my nails have never been worse ...
 I used this product daily for 2 months and it did not strengthen or lenghten my nails . It did not deliver as promised . Will go back to using the Sally Hansen `` paint on '' nail strengthener .
 * Update * I switched to Nature Made Biotin Liquid Softgels . They work much better and better price when you catch them on sale . * Original Review * Yeah so I have been taking this for a month now I dont see a difference yet but I 'll keep taking it to see if anything improves . I will definitely come back and update this if all of a sudden girls tell me oh my god you have such nice nails and hair or whatever . If I dont update this that means I gave up on it .
 My doctor recommended 1 per day to help with my cracking nails . But he cautioned that it probably would take 7 or 8 weeks before I would see an improvement . It 's only 4 weeks and I have not noticed improved nails .
 It 's so funny to look back at myself at the age of 20 and see my self wearing not 1 but 2 of these worthless items . Well , Now I 'm 32 Years old and I can now laugh at how I really believed a smartly designed piece of tin -LRB- No Magnets -RRB- could give me extra strength . I have no faith or belief in Magnetic therapy . It 's a catchy gimmick and that 's all it will ever be . If you 're into this type of stuff and you just want to blow away some cash get the Iron Man Mark VII magnetic bracelets -LRB- Yeah from the Avengers movie -RRB- At least with that you 'll have a cool conversation piece but please do n't put much stock in the Magnetic therapy part . Thanks for your time and I hope this has been helpful as well as a good laugh.Trion : Z Legend Bracelet -LRB- Carbon Fiber/Titanium -RRB-
 It shaved ... but not well . Fromm is supposed to be good . But the shavette was just too light and that razor including the Fromm packs werent that sharp . It caused an insane level of irritation . I use real straights and wanted to use this as a travel version ... not worth it . It 's very hard to get a good shave with this . If you 're looking to start into straight shaving , just go on badger and blade and get info and help there . Then buy a real straight .
 Item broke on first use -- wire loop broke out of the handle and ball bearings from handle spilled everywhere . I am only 104 lbs and do not have a lot of strength . Called vendor who said they would send a replacement and return label for broken product .
 This pillow is not for me . It may help some people , just not me . It is not comfortable under my neck .
 The main feature on this that I thought I 'd like is the `` heat '' - it does n't heat cold water , but is supposed to maintain the temperature if you start with warm water . Bottom line
 I had the misfortune of spending the $ 20 to buy this thing . As soon as you turn on the machine , the vibratory motor can barely be felt . The bubbles ? No different than if one blew through a straw . What do you expect for $ 20 ? Well , I did n't expect much and got even less . The item does not have sufficient power to make a difference in the feeling of tired feet . I sat there for 30 minutes -LRB- as did my wife -RRB- and we were astonished at the low power , low quality all-hype performance of our purchase.If you truly want a water foot massager , remember the old axiom
 The foot bath makes a mess with the water and does not keep the water warm . A lot more hassel than it is worth . Sorry I spent my money on it .
 Worthless . Motor is loud and heating not noticable . In 10 minutes hot water became luke warm .
 I go this about 2 years ago , and have n't used it since then . The motor is too loud . There 's not enough water to cover your feet , and it spills out over the edge anyway . It does not heat the water or keep it warm for that matter . Turning the `` bubble '' effect on just speeds up the cooling process of the water . The bubbles are n't strong enough either . Overall is was a disappointment and I wish I 'd spent a little more money for something a little better . I do n't recommend this product .
 I finally took out my relaxing , massaging new slippers out of the box , after a particularly hard day . I prepared to put my feet in these thick soled babies and be whisked to a happier place . Boy was I wrong.After putting the batteries into the soles , I pushed the buttons on either side . My daughter asked how I liked them , and I needed her to repeat the question several times as the noise was so loud . If you hate buzzing sounds like I do , you 'll despise these torture devices.I would not recommond these slippers to anyone . They are too noisy and only vibrate , not massage . My feet felt attacked , not massaged . The slippers lose the vibrations as you keep you feet on the floor , it actually has the greatest effect while your feet are propped up .
 This is the worst thing that spent money on ever . It is just like your footwear with a vibrating motor inside . It is not designed prosessionally and the vibration is annoying . The batteries are not included and one needs special care to install the batteries that may damge the whole system . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY
 I put these on my wishlist for the same reasons that have lead you to reading this review - because they sounded awesome . However , when I received them as a gift I found out the truth the hard way . They are not so much slippers as loud , vibrating bricks covered in an extraordinarily thin layer of memory foam . I imagined a thick cushion-y layer of foam , hugging my feet ; but they are actually just a heavy hard plastic casing for the ` massaging ' mechanism
 I bought for my wife who is pregnant for Christmas . I though it would be good for her feet . Memory foam is very thin , The massage is very loud . Not worth it . Save your money !!
 They do n't even really vibrate that much ... they just tickle.Don ' t buy them for the massage function just as comfy slippers . It 's a bit weird being so high up with the vibration mechanism and battery housing . They are like platform slippers .
 I bought these slippers hoping to finally walk around my home comfortably . Boy was I wrong the memory foam is super thin , one of my slippers didnt work , doesnt massage when walking , going up and down stairs is a challenge you can actually feel the motor on your feet because the memory foam is soo thin . Dont buy you 've been warned .
 I was very excited about these slippers when I first got them . After one day , the massaging vibrator in the rigth slipper broke . Even when it was working , the slippers were very loud and hurt my feet . I would have given this product a single star , but I just realized that without the batteries hitting the soles of my feet , the slippers are actually quite comfortable . I would not reccomend buying these slippers , unless you are ready to be unimpressed with the massaging feature .
 I got my husband these for his birthday . I thought it would be great with th mamory foam and the fact that they massage . I was very disappointed in them . They are poorly made , there is n't much memory foam , the massage just viberates the heal . My husband never wears them , plus I did n't like the fabric . SAVE your money
 My feet really hurt and this product makes them hurt even more . I read that they have memory foam . I did not notice they are so stiff and painful . I have size 7.5 womens feet and they are so tight . Do not try walking in these the soles are too stiff . If you have healthy feet they will feel bad soon and if they are in pain they will be worse . Homedics should be ashamed of this product and pull it off the market this is the worst product I have tried yet of any type of anything on the market all categories I think . Socks , Barefeet , thongs or any other slipper or shoe would be preferable to this painful horrible thing . The only thing it might be good for is smashing spiders or using as a hammer when you can not find yours.I wish someone told me before I wasted almost 20.00
 I returned them the next day . These slippers are horribly uncomfortable . Why ? Because just underneath a slim piece of fabric is a hard , plastic case for the batteries which are AAA , not AA as mentioned in the description . The reason I bought them was because the thought of having warm slippers was appealing . I did n't realize the only way they get `` warm '' is to place two gel packets in your microwave ... then without burning your hands off , take them out , and physically put them into the slippers . Horrid design !
 Ya ... my definition of comfortable slippers is having the batteries dig into the arch of my foot ... DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I got these as a christmas gift and was super excited as they felt cushy on my size 9 feet . However one fit my foot , the other one was too big . Strange that they are n't they same size.AS for the massage , it merely vibrates , not that I had high hopes . But the fitting one vibrates constantly at a high rate while hte larger one comes and goes . Since they do n't fit right you ca n't really wear them . Do n't waste your money .
 one of the slippers did n't work at all right out of the box . They run small . the material is thin . the one good slipper was very noisy . the sole is thick . . like an inch or so . returned them .
 Wore before I knew to use the batteries ! Was slipping around soo much . Then when my friend was here told me to try the batter ! How SAD & LOUD , what did you say ?!!!
 This foot massager worked well right into its 4th week , in which it stopped working . Kinda of sucks since it 's actually a more expensive product , you would think that the money spent on this would at least be asking for one that survived its 4th week of use.I did n't even use it that much either . Only a half an hour a day at the most .
 Priced about right at $ 4.00 ... . it is what it is ... . I would n't expect miracles at $ 40 either ... . BUT it is much better than doing it myself at the end of a hard day .
 weak motor , can basically stop it from moving by merely putting average pressure on it . 30 bucks is about as cheap as you can find a foot massager for . If you are small and lightweight it will probably be adequate but for anyone over 100 lbs it will not be satisfactory .
 I bought this for my mom and it worked well originally . The massgae action is nice and soothing , and the heat element is great for those whose feet get cold , like the elderly.The problem was that the right side heating went out after about 3 weeks of light use . Still works for the massage part but no heat on one side .
 This lasted a whole ten minutes out of the box , it does n't feel all that good , made of plastic , returning ASAP ! : -LRB-
 The motor burned out on this unit after less than an hour of use . I 'm a 195 lb . man , and the weight of my feet was just too much for the unit to handle . I tried using the massager on just one foot at a time , as other users had recommended , but even this proved too great a burden for the machine to bear . The ball bearings on the massage plates are made of plastic , rather than steel . The drive mechanism is grossly underpowered , and simply not robust enough for its intended use . The motor slowed , then stopped altogether . It 's ridiculous that anyone could actually charge money for this.We bought a Medirub after returning this . It costs much more , about $ 175 , but it is still working years later , and it 's an amazingly powerful and solid product . Another , and less costly alternative is the roller and porcupine ball , for about $ 12 . It 's portable , and handy when you 're traveling . Both are available on Amazon . Whatever you do , AVOID THIS .
 Just tried new foot massager , thinking what a great idea , until you actually try it . Any pressure at all seems to significantly slow down the rotation of the ball bearings . As for the heat setting , it 's pretty non-existant , minimal heat at best.I 'll probably return it , I 'm worried that if I keep it a little while it will break down and I 'll be out of luck since the customer has to pay for the shipping to have it repaired .
 I followed the instructions and did n't overuse it . The motor went after 2 months . I miss it so much that I am considering getting another one , even though I never got my money back for the first one .
 This may very well be the worst product I 've ever purchased . It was bad to the extent that I will probably never again purchase a Homedics product . I previously owned a foot massager -LRB- not Homedics -RRB- with water jets , etc. , that did a decent job of relieving my foot , heel and arch pain . The problem was that it decided to spring a leak one day and made a huge mess . I decided to try this product because I did n't want to get involved in the water situation again . I was n't that concerned with the speed of the massagers slowing down when I put my feet on them . The speed of them was inconsequential as long as they were at least moving . About 20 minutes after I started using it , I realized that the infrared function on the left side of the unit had stopped working . I tried to turned it off and on a few times and then I let it sit awhile , but it would n't come back on . Later , after I had the unit turned off for a couple of hours , I tried to turn it on again and NOTHING worked except the right side 's infrared . The left side 's infrared AND the massagers were no longer operating . I have never experienced a product that was made so poorly that it ceased to function after less than an hour of usage . On the plus side , I thought that the Amazon return process was extremely easy and customer-friendly . I requested a refund on this product . There is no way I 'd try another one after this experience .
 The foot massager is mediocre at best . The 4th time we tried to turn it on - it was broken ! Massager will be returned and not replaced !
 Got as a gift and it worked for twenty minutes then it stopped rotating . Returned and got another one and it lasted just as long . Do n't waste your money .
 I purchased this item as a Christmas gift for my husband - he stands on his feet all day so I thought this would be a great present for him . He set in a chair and placed his feet on the machine and the rotating massage heads almost stopped turning . He does n't weigh much so it 's not like his feet are heavy but I tried it just to see and the same thing happened . This product is n't worth the money .
 bought for x-mas gift for father , who has lost circulation in feet after chemo . switch broken in less than two months
 Yes that 's correct , this unhandy little device actually increased my foot pain . I work in a job where I stand 9 hours a day so I was looking for anything that could help.I 'll Keep looking.The little balls that ` massage ' your poor feet actually just gouge into your heel and forefoot while you constantly try and keep your feet centered on this contraption.HoMedics usually makes little miracle machines however this is n't one of them . 1-Star ; returned for refund .
 Since I have mild neuropathy in my feet my doctor suggested I try a foot massager . It really seemed to be helping when it went kaput . It lasted less than 6 weeks before the motor burned out . I thought I was quite careful not to put too much pressure on the machine when using - but alas it should have been sold as a novelity not a real massager . I may have expected too much for a 40 dollar machine but I was most disappointed .
 I bought this at Walgreens and brought it home . At first it was a nice treat , especially with heat.But my problem with it is that your feet slide off . You put your feet on it and the rotators move in a circle and slide your feet off , so you have to use your calf and leg muscles to hold your feet in place over the rotators . Theres no mechanism to hold your feet in place , so you cant relax your feet and legs and just enjoy a good massage .
 I returned this item , as it really did n't have enough power to massage hard enough , as I put more pressure on it , it slowed down , so unless you want a tickle , then this is not the item to purchase .
 This machine does only an average job of working the feet . The circular motion of , and the massage points on , the machine do not reproduce the feel of a deep foot rub . The enjoyment comes mostly from just having something to get the blood flowing a little by the light contact it makes . It is definitely better than having nothing and gets by in a pinch when your special someone is not around to rub those pains away , but it is no substitute for the real thing .
 I 've found this product to be very helpful and beneficial in reducing tension and relieving pain . However , it was obvious from day one that this product is manufactured to sub-standard quality and will not stand the test of time . The unit slows down dramatically when applying a little extra pressure and the motor and/or drive mechanism begin to squeal from the strain . I 've found that I can only apply the correct amount of pressure with one foot and not both or the unit will come to a standstill . Once again , overall , the product does provide relief but the quality of the product , including the on/off switch needs to be improved dramatically . The ergonomic design of the product could use some re-engineering as well . The angle of the foot massager is not comfortable when sitting down .
 I like a hard massage when it comes to my feet , this machine is rather like several ball bearings circulating around your foot . It tickles more than anything . If you put any pressure on it , it slows down to a virtual stop and the heating part just barely warms up ! It 's OK if you just like a warm & soft massage but that is not what I was looking for ! I would never buy it again . It was a lot cheaper than I have seen in the stores though !
 I 'm not sure if I have a different model from the other reviewers , but this foot massager sure is loud . It makes a grinding sound that , at least , drowns out the motor of my desktop fountain . Like other reviews say , I do n't feel the heat and my feet slide off the rollers when I use socks , as recommended . I 've only had it two days , so do n't know how long it will last . Still , at $ 40 , it 's cheaper than a masseuse.EDIT
 I read all the user said before order one . Sorry the unit -LRB- over heat motor -RRB- just stop running after two week .
 Simply put this thing is wimpy to the extreme . I find the motor continually stalling and Im not even pressing my foot into it at all , I 've got to pretty much hold up most of the weight of my legs and Im a small guy or the motor starts whining grinding and stops.Its hardly relaxing when within a few minutes your starting to feel the burn in your upper leg muscles from the effort of keeping them lifted . Both wheels obviously share 1 motor , If I leave one foot off I can actually settle some weight down on it without killing the motor . Right now I 'm in the market for a shiatsu massage cushion and in all honesty I will not buy a Homedics , after this fiasco I refuse to sit there expecting a back massage only to hear the frigging wheels squeel then stop , I 'm now paranoid of purchasing a Homedics product theyre beyond cheaply made , poorly designed and fraught with a gigantic list of consumer problems.Maybe I 'm wrong about thier back massagers but after experiencing this dreadful foot massager I 'm not at all willing to drop $ 100 + dollars for a back massager using the same basic design.You 've been warned
 I like to try it out but after 3 days the motor burn out . I had to return to Amazon for refund . I will not need any new one .
 I used it for about 2hours the day after it arrived , and found it to be helpful for my hurting and tired feet . I used it for about an hour the following day and it just quit working . The lights and apparently the heat stay on , but the wheels and balls do n't spin . I am in the process now of trying to figure out how and where to return it .
 I 'm a pediatric nurse and am on my feet for 12 plus hours . I purchased this machine to soothe my poor aching feet . I opened the package with great expectations . Unfortunately , I was very disappointed . If even the smallest pressure is put on the machine , it wimps out ... no massage , no nothing ! I have had much better foot rubs with the manual kind ! This machine is a total waste of money in my opinion . I used it twice and it did nothing for my aching feet . You 'd be better off spending the money on a reflexologist . Seriously !
 I bought this equipment along with a home medics back massager . . I have used it only 5 times since it arrived last month . . approximately 15 minutes each time . . Yesterday I went to use it again . . the lights came on , the heat came on , but nothing spins . . it does n't work ! . . Now I have to figure out how to return it . . the back massager works great . . no problem . .
 I used this massager for about 2 or 3 hours , the motor was not working , but the lights were still on . I have to return it .
 I turned it on and after about 15 minutes I smelled a burning motor and then it died wow those chinese are awesome
 This product feels great ... for about 30 minutes . Then it never works again . I 've tried it three times .
 If I was in a store and tried it out I would not have given it a second thought .
 I want to give it a 5 star rating but IT DOES NOT REACH INTO A HIGH ARCH !!!
 Foot massager too heavy / fast . . use a shorter time period . I use more frequently
 After trying this product , I used it and then went to bed shortly after . I awoke and felt kind of dizzy and like my equilibrium was off . It felt awful and I have n't used it since . It did not say it would do anything like that . I have used products from Homedics before and never had a problem . I wo n't use it again.Thank you.Claire McDowell
 I was screwed by Amazon and did not receive the product I ordered . When I tried to return it I was told I would have to pay shipping . Not going to order anything anymore from Amazon .
 The plastic on the foot massager was cracked down the center with a thin crack branching off to the right spinner . I was not in the same state when the package arrived so I was not able to open it for over a month ... my loss . I do n't know if it was not structurally sound , or if the box was just not handled properly . Either way , I 've got a dud .
 I read plenty of reviews before buying this and thought it was going to be great . It does nothing for me , is n't what it claims to be . I personally would n't waste my money on it if I were you .
 Open the box when it is shipped . It was broken in one day , have to return it .
 I purchased this item about a month ago from BJs wholesale club . The idea itself is great . . nothing like working from home on your PC while this device works its proverbial magic . The problem however , is in it 's lifespan.The device stopped working the first time after a 2 week period . The lights would still come on , but nothing would move . I returned the item and exchanged it for a new one . Another 2 weeks later and the exact same problem has reoccurred . I 'll be taking this device in for a refund this afternoon.For an issue like this to happen once - I figure I might just be unlucky and try again . Twice within a month ? Too much of a coincidence.Buyer beware . Make sure you keep the receipt .
 I bought this product and , like many other customers who have commented on this page , I witnessed the massager die after about twenty minutes of use . I brought it back to the store to exchange it and the saleswoman told me that the associates joke whenever someone buys this that the customer will be back that day to return it ! She showed me the yellow stickers that they have to put on returned items before they put them back on the shelves for re-purchase . EVERY SINGLE ONE in the store -LRB- Dillard 's -RRB- had a yellow return sticker on it . Some of them had several . Why these products are allowed to be put back on the shelf , I do n't know . There were no less than 20 units that had been brought back . The saleswoman told me not to waste my time . Now , I 'm passing that wisdom onto you . Do not buy this product !
 I got this for Christmas and I used it for about 20 minutes . I liked it a lot when it worked . The next day , I tried turning it on . The light came on but the massager was not working . I returned it today and after reading the other reviews , I decided not to get a new one . It seems like this product is a problematic one as its motor burns out so fast . I would not recommend it .
 I was very disappointed in this massager . The rotating massagers feel like you are walking on marbles . The massaging pads are not soothing to the feet at all . The instructions say to allow a few moments for the infrared heat to warm up . After 20 minutes I was still waiting . The infrared heat was barely warm . I expected more of the product . It does not live up to the Homedics company reputation and it is twice the price of the other foot massagers . Do n't buy this unit .
 The foot massage did not do that - massage . It was a very light touch so did nothing to benefit my feet . When I tried to put more pressure , it hardly moved .
 My wife and I spent the entire day looking for a decent foot massager and finally bought this one at the store because it was reasonably priced and had the features my wife wanted . Got it home , plugged it in and it worked fine for 20 MINUTES then conked out completely . It died under her feet and refused to work again . Thinking it was some sort of fluke , I looked it up and found this page which contains several other accounts of this product crapping out on the first use . Seems to me a product this shoddy should have been recalled a long time ago and taken back to the lab for retooling.Ignore any other decent or shining reviews of this product . Do n't even take the chance . Based on the stats , the odds of this unit breaking down on you are amazingly high . If I 'd read the reviews here first I might have saved myself the hassle of packing it back up and driving back out to the store to return it .
 My first impression was that it was a little akward to position my foot to get the right pressure on the right spot . It 's a bit of a challenge to keep your foot in the perfect position . It did feel good and provided some relief.I used it barefoot and was unable to feel much heat from the infrared . The instructions recommend socks . With socks on the infrared heat is non-existent . The product died on the first night . The instructions say that it might overheat if over used and to let it rest . The instructions also say it is designed so that you can not turn on the infrared without the motor for safety reasons . But when the motor burned out the infrared stays on . So not only did it fail on the first night , it left the infrared on which violates their own stated safety requirement.I agree with the previous reviewer that this is simply a novelty item . It is not well design , it is not durable , and according to the company 's own words , it is not safe either.This is not the first time I 've been disappointed with a Homedics device . This is the last Homedics product I 'll ever buy .
 Have been taking it now for about 8 days and experienced nothing ...
 I accidentally put several surface-y scratches in my brand new stainless steel sink . It is a very high quality stainless , so I 'd expect good results but just did not see them . I applied this product exactly as directed , but did not see much difference at all .
 Read the literature . High Omega 3 levels correlate with but do n't cause healthier hearts . Downing supplements does n't solve the problem .
 At $ 5.80 / 10 foot roll , it should at least stick , but it does n't stick to itself or anything else for more than a few minutes . The product description says it 's easily removable , and since it 's comes off on it 's own I guess that part 's accurate , but if you need something that actually performs as tape try duct tape in realtree or mossy oak . This stuff is a complete waste of money for what it 's advertised to be .
 It did not work for what I bought it for , I had to use glue to make it stick . I had ordered four rolls , I returned three .
 this is i guess the best looking camo tape i have seen.but i sware it want stick to its self , probly would be the best i have triedif they would fix it so it would stick on a gun.put this tape on my gun , looks greatbut no kidding i hade to glue it down .
 If I was working on a flat surface this would be fine , but attempted to wrap a gun or bow is almost impossible with this tape . Too many curves and not enough stretch on the tape . It also frays on the ends when cut and leaves a horribly sticky residue when removed -LRB- which was fairly prompt because it looked so bad . Waste of money for weapon wraps .
 This stuff is n't really tape at all ! It is more like a ten foot strip of cloth . The adhesive is virtually non-existent . It wo n't stick to ANYTHING , including itself . I had to buy glue to make the end of the tape stick to itself when it wrapped it around my bow . The camo pattern is ok , but it is useless .
 Even though the description said this pack was a large , and intended to fit my 13x9x2 Pyrex , it is really much smaller than the one I needed to replace . Very disappointing !
 The item was purchased to replace another hot pack which was slimmer than this one . Instead of this pack containing a thin plastic inner pad , it contains a liquid that makes it act like the surface of a water bed and is much thicker that the original pad that came with the portable casserole .
 I wanted to replace hot pack for the one that came with a microcore belt a while back , that had started to leak . This one popped up , so I bought it , but it 's not really suitable for putting in a hot pack belt because it collapses and wo n't stay put . I should have picked up on it with the name &#34; Pyrex , &#34; but I missed that clue .
 Having had the old type of single hot or cold packs with the original Toter , I was not very happy with the liquid type combo of hot/cold together . I like to keep my cold pack frozen for instant use and if I need it for hot it will have to be completely thawed before heating . Why did you change to the combo and do away with the individual cold and hot packs ? I thought I was getting one of each when I ordered and instead was unpleasantly surprised by the two in one design . I will not purchase another as I 'm rather dissatisfied with the liquid type pack as well as the combo aspect .
 WE ordered a 36 '' squeegee but received 24 '' inch!Then when we looked on what we had ordered - the product description said 24.2 '' even though the title said 36 '' Squeegee . Please correct our order and change your item description !
 the stick got separeted from the squeegee so soon after arriving . Paid too much money . Got a cheap squeegee with plastic handle that does the job!I regret the Wipe N Dry FLR Squeegee purchase !
 All positive reviews about this product come the manufacturer or vendor and are given 5 stars . Amazon must take more measures to verify misleading ratings and reviews . I just received my shipment of this product and regret not having caught the misleading review before ordering . But will never buy from this vendor in the future .
 My fiance got sick because of this food supplement . He felt his stomach burning as hell and got bleeding from his anus . That is not a joke !! What kind of experiment is that to give to people food supplement which is not tested well ? Have you ever tested it on yourself ? You better test it first before you get the product for sale ! My fiance also complained a lot that while he was taking those vitamins or whatever they are , he felt tightness and a bit of a pain in his balls . Funny , right ? You are am amazing doc , try it first on yourself !
 Do not waste your money on this product . It does not work ! It lowered my husbands count . Our doctor said to just take a daily vitamin because this prodcut does not work . You will waste your money and get your hopes up if you buy this . I really thought it would work with all the good feed back , but clearly I was wrong . I am warning you do not waste your money and talk to a fertility doctor about some better options .
 Will never buy it again . This product does n't wrok at all , I spent so much money and feel like it was a scam .
 I believe that guys can have different reasons for male infertility and certain supplements work for one and not for another . The best luck I had BY FAR was with a book on Amazon called , `` How I increased my semen volume and sperm count '' by Jason Michael .
 I do n't think this did anything for us , but with a product like this , it 's really hard to know for sure ; even if you get pregnant while your husband uses it , that does n't mean it was because of this necessarily.PLEASE be wary of the many raving reviews on here where the person has n't reviewed ANY other products -LRB- click on `` see all reviews '' by their username to check -RRB- . That always makes me question the authenticity of the review .
 Tried FertilAid for Men with no improvement shown in 3 months in sperm motility . Asked doctor about it and he told me that ingredients list showed that it did not have enough L-carnitine , for one thing . He said studies suggest that amount of L-carnitine required to boost male fertility is measured in grams -LRB- The main study he quoted was 2 grams/day - sorry ca n't post the link to the study on Amazon ; just search on Wikipedia for carnitine -RRB- . FA4Men has less than a gram -LRB- in 3 capsule daily dosage -RRB- of a proprietary blend and only a portion of that is L-Carnitine -LRB- as L-Carnitine Tartrate - Tartrate is a salt of tartaric acid which is added to stabilize the L-Carnitine -RRB- . I 'm looking for a product with 2 - 3 grams of some form of Carnitine . It is expensive stuff in those amounts , though .
 I 've been taking them daily , dual dose -LRB- 4 pills , instead of 2 -RRB- , for the past 2 months ... Truth is , I do n't know if they 're working or not.They do seem to make the genitals more sensitive , almost like they have a bit of viagra mixed in them ; though the effect only becomes somewhat noticeable after taking the pills for 2 weeks or something -LRB- unlike viagra which usually works within a few minutes to an hour -RRB- . Wife is still not pregnant ; though there could be a million and one reasons as to why.Often you only read about the positive comments , and nothing about the environment . If the only thing these pills do , is make a man more sensitive , and make him want more sex , it 's only natural that the chances increase for conception.So , no results for me yet !
 My husband has had 2 semen analysis since being on Fertilaid for Men and his numbers have gotten worse each time ! He is done with this product forever !
 I did n't like this product . We never had any `` problems '' getting pregnant the first time before we tried this but I decided to give it a go after I had a miscarriage in June 2010 . I bought the set for both female and male back in July . I only took 3 days of the female one due to being hospitlized for something else so I do n't know if it helped my fertility in anyway but my husband took the male one for about 2 wks and we noticed that his `` load '' -LRB- sorry TMI -RRB- was DECEASED then the way it was before he got on the medication . He said that he did n't like the way it made him feel either , and once he stopped he returned back to `` normal '' and within 4 wks of stopping we got pregnant anyways in late August . So I doubt we 'll be ordering this in the future .
 I took this for 3 months . SA results were identical in the beginning and at the end . Did n't do anything but waste my money .
 I liked the idea of a miraculously clean toilet , but thought it might be too good to be true . And lo and behold -- it was . I 've used the product for 4 + months now , and have to clean the `` ChemFree '' toilet just as often as I did before . Sadly , there is no noticeable difference between the toilet with the ChemFree and the other toilets without . Considering the package advertises `` Never clean a toilet again '' but then admits in the fine print that toilet cleaning occasionally is needed , I think it needs to work on the accuracy in advertising .
 I followed all the instructions for cleaning the toilet tank and bowl . I even nicked up my knuckles scrubbing the tank . After two weeks , I have seen no improvement in the staining of my toilet bowl . The money and effort were both a waste .
 Product did not seem to do a thing except sit at the bottom of the tank . I did not notice any change in the cleanliness of the toilet whatsoever . Waste of money .
 I recently purchased this item to help eliminate a hard water/sulfur buildup in my toilet , after scourering the toilet and starting with a clean surface , the buildup returned ! This product has not made any difference at all , complete waste of money !!
 I am only giving the product a one star rating . Why ? I ordered Nature 's Way Thisilyn based on the description displayed prominently at the top of the page . It states
 I bought this in addition to a couple other things to add some spice to the bedroom . I sprayed this as per the instructions 2-3 sprays up to 3 times a day . I even sprayed it more and no increase in sexual drive at all . I made sure to spray it when I was n't in the mood to test it 's effectiveness and nothing happened . Do n't waste your money .
 I used one of these with my son -LRB- he 's 3 , so it was n't that long ago -RRB- but as I was getting ready to use it again with my daughter , I started thinking about what a pain the Floppy Seat was to use . Getting it back into it 's `` bag '' was such a hassle I used to just plunk the thing back into the backseat of the car after shopping ... which made the convienent small-space self storage a waste of time and money . This thing is named well , as it really is floppy - floppy to put into the cart and floppy to try to put away again.I started reading reviews of other seat covers , trying to find a better option and I sure found it ! I was really hesitant at the price of the Buggy Bagg , but I could tell when I took it out of the box that it was worth the extra money ! I 've only had the Buggy Bagg for 3 days and I am already thrilled that I spent the money on it ... definitely worth the extra $ 20 ! It is super-well padded and can really , truly be put into the cart with ONE HAND ! -LRB- The Floppy Seat needs at least two hands to go well into the cart ! -RRB- DO N'T waste your money on the Floppy Seat - it 's a flop of a product !
 I think the Floppy Seat is a great idea -- aside from the cleanliness factor , my son would be too small to just sit in the regular cart seat area ; this way , I can pad him in and he 's secure . However , I find it very difficult to manage.I see that the previous reviewer said that she puts it in the cart with one hand -- I say kudos to her because I find it extraordinarily difficult to hold my almost-20 lb . baby in one hand and put the floppy seat in the cart with the other ! The elastic keeps it on when it 's on , but it also makes it so that you have to physically stretch it over the sides of the cart ... I challenge you to do it with one hand!Also , I think that the act of strapping the baby in can be dangerous . I am trying to hold him in the seat with one hand and feed the strap through the tiny hole in the back of the floppy seat with the other ... you have to really be aware of what your baby is doing because at that point s/he is not strapped in and can easily fall out.All of that being said , once baby is properly `` installed '' , it does make for a convenient trip down the grocery aisles !
 I found this product extremely difficult to use . The elastic makes it difficult to place in the cart . I could not do it with one hand . Good idea , poor design .
 One reviewer , though she raves about it , admits its flaw
 i thought about getting one of these for our son -- until i saw his cousin nearly stand up in a high chair while still `` buckled '' in . i opted instead to get one that more securely attaches to its intended surroundings . does n't do much good to strap your kid to the floppy seat if no part of it or the kid is actually strapped to the frame .
 Be WarnedAlthough this dish brush may have a friendly sticker price its not worth it . My Fiance and I bought this at BedBath & Beyond two months after the purchase the plastic handle broke . We were left with the mesh ball attached to a plastic stub . About a month after that the mesh ball separated from the plastic stub entirely and we were just left with a mesh ball . Other considerations
 Everyone is a bit different in what noise will help them sleep . This had good white noise but not the kind of noise that lulled me to sleep . So I will try something different .
 Okay , I do n't know if my ears are super sensitive or whether I have a defective unit but I thought white noise was suppose to uniform !! I hear the whooshing wind sound but on top of that is a higher pitched rattling noise . From afar , it sounds like rattling glass bottles on a shelf . When I press my ear up to the device , I can hear this faint clicking/grinding noise kinda of like a dying harddrive . I do not hear just whooshing wind . Am I just being too picky or is my unit somewhat defective ? Once I hear the higher pitched noise , my ears keep locking on to it and it 's making me feel anxious instead of relaxed.Jan 20 , 2013 Update : So I returned my first unit and received a new one . This new unit is an improvement over the first but I can still hear a high pitched whine from the motor . This time the whine is constant , no more clicking/rattling variation . I do n't know if this is a defect as well . Perhaps my ears are indeed too sensitive . I would like to mention I live in a room the size of a large walk in closet so maybe that 's I can hear all the sounds .
 The Dohm is a great small size and a neat design with the fan . The dual speed has a bit of sound range , but it 's just not loud enough to really drown out other sounds four our little baby girl . We had a Brookstone Tranquil Moments sound machine that broke on us - we were hoping to pay a bit less money and get a nice replacement . This just does n't have the volume , even though we wanted to like it . Poor baby did n't approve . Not sure where to go from here , the Brookstone is expensive and I fear it 's just going to break again . I think the A/C power supply cord/connection is a poor design ...
 1 -RRB- INSUFFICIENT NOISE
 The sound if very soft and is nice to fall asleep to , but it is DEFINITELY not loud enough to drown out any sort of noise , especially if you are light sleeper . Too bad it 's too quiet ... it would make a much better product if you could just turn it up !
 After reading reviews we chose the MARPAC 980A because of its overwhelming positive reviews . It was too loud to keep in a small bedroom with our autistic child or with the baby/other kids so we placed it in the hallway bathroom just outside the bedrooms . It was just the right amount of background noise to cover other noises in the house . We liked how we could adjust the tone too . -LRB- the volume switch did n't seem to do much -RRB- It helped the baby to nap better during the day and helped all the kids fall asleep faster at night . But after about two months of 11 hours of nighttime use and 2 hours of daytime use , it suddenly stopped working ! You can still feel a vibration in it when you turn it on so it is not the on/off switch that 's bad . It 's still under warranty but we have to pay to ship it to them for repairs and be without a sound conditioner in the meantime . I 'm very disappointed , I expected a more durable product for the money , and from the amazon reviews .
 No variation in the sound , only the volume , and it 's in no way a pleasant sound . Not the way to block out urban noise .
 As a disclaimer , falling asleep is only rarely a problem for me . As a result , I owned the SleepMate for quite some time before needing it . The good news is that , yes , it does produce a fan sound that can lull you to sleep . But please consider that the unit is much louder than it needs to be , even on its lowest setting . So loud , in fact , that the instructions say to locate the SleepMate away from your bed . If you do that , you 'll find yourself having to get up in order to turn it on -- not good at all if you only want sporadic use . Second , and I realized this way too late , there are far better ways to accomplish the same goal . My son downloaded sleep sounds onto his iPod Touch . He has a whole variety of pleasant sounds , crickets , wind , ocean , etc -LRB- for free -RRB- , where the SleepMate only makes the sound of a fan .
 This is way too quiet , even in the loudest mode it does not drown out regular household noises -LRB- ie . tv in the other room or footsteps in the hallway -RRB- . It really is n't much louder than a small fan , available for $ 10 . We got the Conair sound therapy / clock for $ 19.99 and are happy that this is much louder .
 I bought this hoping to provide some white noise against traffic sounds . However , it is way to noisy even at the lowest setting . My Austin Air Healthmate air purifiers provide a much gentler sound . I returned these for a refund as they are useless to me .
 I bought this for our baby 's nursery . It 's just not loud enough . I then purchased the more expensive Marsona DS-600A and I love it . The volume adjusts from very quiet to very loud .
 I guess its ok , takes awhile to get used to , you 'll still hear other noises , I do n't think it helps tetinitus much , after about a year mine started making a irregular vibrating sound which will drive you mad if you leave it on.Not really worth it IMO . I 'm trying ear plugs now . Honestly my humidifiers sound helped me sleep much more .
 Waste of money . You 'd be better off with an old radio from Salvation Army or using a free internet source like simplynoise . The makers of this product do not know what real white noise is .
 Bought this item based on all the glowing reviews of it . It is NOT as loud or as noise canceling as they would have you think . While it is portable , it did not make enough noise on the high settings to cut through typical ranch sounds , -LRB- if you live on one you know what I mean ! -RRB- . It was no where near as loud as the fan we had used for this same purpose , and gave us a miserable night 's sleep . We sent it back the next day . Might be good for quiet to moderate neighborhoods , but do n't waste your time if you live on a ranch or farm ...
 i really was hoping this would replace the box fan in my infants room , especially since it 's getting cooler out . NO NO NO ! if you have been using a box fan to drown out noise , keep using it and skip this . i was really expecting more , but i would compare the sound this makes to a box fan on the LOWEST setting . this is with the marpac on as high as it would go , too . . it just does n't do what i need it to . sending it back . disappointed .
 I actually want to give this item 4 stars but I ca n't due to the price.I have owned this item for about 1.5 years and purchased it from the JC Penney website b/c it was slightly cheaper than Amazon . It was about $ 26 at the time . Now its $ 50 ! Even though I like the product I wo n't be buying a second one due to the price surge . At $ 26 it was only slightly more expensive than a decent fan . At $ 50 I think I 'll just make due with a fan or try another sound machine . Very sad too b/c this one works so well . If you are willing to spend $ 50 , it puts out good sound and its small & convenient .
 hm . what to say about the sound screen -- it wasnt helpful to us at all . it 's a great idea -- perhaps we 've spent too many nights on overseas flights . it sounded like being inside an airplane cabin . and if that is useful to your sleep , then you 'll like this machine .
 you can buy : Honeywell Enviracaire HEPA Air Purifier &#34; or anything like it &#34; ... -LRB- i have it already -RRB- it gives you better and more
 I found this sound conditioner to be more of a hindrance than help . I could n't sleep well with it on because the sound was distracting.It was a total waste of my money .
 I WOULD GIVE A 5 STAR RATING FOR WHITE NOISE , but please read my review for explanation : I bought this machine in a desperate attempt to mask the stupid boom-car subwoofer bass that our area is pleagued by , as are most . Seriously , when those things be illegal ?? While this machine does a great job masking white noise , it did very little -LRB- if anything -RRB- to help cover the booming bass in my neighborhood.I did n't expect a miracle , but I hoped for some level of relief . Of course , it would have helped had I known the difference between `` white noise '' and `` pink noise '' before buying this machine ; pink noise being that of subwoofers.I WOULD GIVE THIS A 5 STAR RATING , since it DOES mask white noise very well ; but I really want to alert others seeking something that will work against pink noise . This , unfortunately will not help you .
 it 's so loud it is annoying in and of itself . Obviously it works for some , does n't work for me or my DW .
 This product does create white noise but it has a metallic clicking and rattling , rendering the product useless .
 I own a condo and unfortunately some young renters moved in above me and they are obnoxiously loud at all hours . They act like they live in a dorm ! I was hoping this item would help to drown out some of the noise , but it does n't at all . It just sounds like a box fan turned on low even with all the holes opened up on it . I actually bought a Homedics Nature Sound Machine with volume control that works 10x better than this thing ! I need to return this because it 's not worth the $ 50 and change . I am very dissapointed because it got such good reviews . It does n't drown out anything . I had it on high and I heard a truck drive by and the sound was the same as if it was turned off . I really ca n't think of who would benefit from this thing ! It 's definitely not good for apartment or condo living that 's for sure !
 I 'm surprised by the ratings given to this product . I have a vornado fan and it does a good , if not better , job drowning out noise at a fraction of the cost . If you are looking to drown out low frequency noise or hard-soled shoes on wood floors , you will be very disappointed in this product . Note
 I bought this machine after reading the first review on the page . The reviewer wrote about how this machine masked the sounds of his noisy neighbors , but after owning this thing for a few days I just do n't believe it . This sound conditioner works okay , but I was expecting something much louder . I 've tried all the settings , but it just is n't loud enough . I 've never returned anything to Amazon , but I need to exchange this for something louder .
 I have had this product for a little over a year now and it worked great for the first 11 1/2 months or so . I noticed after about 11 months that the sound emitted from the machine was becoming more and more inconsistent . Sometimes it would be loud while other times it would be a much softer sound even when using the loudest setting . It got to the point where over time the sound would actually just fade away to being completely silent over the course of the night.A few days after a full year of having the product the machine just stopped working all together . I tried using a different outlets in the room and even in other houses all to no avail . The product literally does nothing when I plug it in and turn on the switch . Best part is that the warranty for it is only for a year so I 'm stuck with a $ 50 paper weight now.The first 11 months of owning this I would have given it a 5/5 , but I would prefer for it to have more longevity if I 'm going to spend $ 50 + on it .
 The reviews of this device were so impressive that I purchased it without much thought . However now that I 've received it I am astonished it got such good reviews . As soon as I turned it on , the motor created an unpleasant vibrating noise -LRB- think cell phone vibrating on wood -RRB- with an intermittent clicking noise . It was so bad I figured I had to be doing something wrong . After trying it on multiple services , trying both speeds , and adjusting the sound I eventually realized it 's just a bad design . I thought that perhaps this particular unit was damaged or defective but I came back to amazon and saw that plenty of other users had the same problem.This is designed for people who have a hard time sleeping due to distracting noises . This device just produces more of those . Obviously lots of people are satisfied with it , but I am not one of them .
 I spent an hour reading hundreds of reviews for this product before I bought it . A few people claimed it was too quiet , a few said it was too high-pitched , etc. . I use a fan set to high for white noise in my bedroom when I sleep , and it 's perfect . I was afraid the Sound Screen would be too quiet , but I figured if it was , I 'd just use it in the future in our baby room.I received it in the mail last week and plugged it in , and even with both the cap and the collar rotated to allow as much white noise as possible ... it was whisper-quiet . It says to place across the room from you for full effect , but even when I then moved it to my bedside table , I could hear a pin drop over it . I 'm very disappointed with the machine ... great concept , but they should have designed it so that the user could manipulate the loudness more effectively.So ... this went right back into the box , to be saved for when my husband and I have a baby and need it in the baby room . What a waste of $ 40 .
 If you are looking for a sound machine conditioner that will filter-out loud noises , either extraneous outside the room , or within the room , including snoring , this is * NOT * the one that will do it.The problem is that this machine is TOO QUIET . From what I have auditioned with the product , it 's really only for someone who 's looking for a soft , continuous whisper at night to help them sleep , as a sleep aid . And if you do that , you must have it close-up like next to your nightstand.My intended useage for the product was to filter-out extraneous noises from outside like lawn mowers buzzing by , -LRB- not all of us sleep at night -RRB- , loud vehicles driving by , noisy music , and barking dogs . Unfortunately , this product will * NOT * do this , and that 's why I 'm returning it.I have adjusted the settings to the loudest and highest speed , and it is still WAYYY too quiet & soft . It can not drown out the sound of a dryer that is 2 rooms away , with my door closed . Further , it can not even drown out the sound of a radio that is SOFTLY playing on LOW volume just 8 ft. away.I 've been using a box fan , and even it is louder and better with filtering-out extraneous noises ; however , during the cool season that is coming up , I did n't want the cooling breezes nor the aggravating air particulates circulating during the cold & flu season . I guess I will have to keep looking for a machine that is much louder and that can actually filter-out substantial noise .
 The product 's noise was very artificial and it was louder than the outside noise . We could n't sleep with it . If you buy it through whitenoise-us and have to return it , your `` free shipping '' will get substracted from your refund amount .
 I like that the machine sounds like simple air , but it does not help if you have serious noise . I have neighbors with hardwood floors above me and I can hear everything . I was hoping to find a machine that would generate enough white noise to equal the street traffic noise I hear when I open my patio doors -LRB- it 's getting cold -RRB- , but it does n't even come close . I imagine it would be useful in a smaller , quieter room . It was not effective for me , and I do n't think it will be effective for masking loud noises . I used the highest setting and the sound was barely noticeable .
 I used a Marpac Sleepmate for several years , until the unit began to rattle unpleasantly - no doubt my fault , for paying it no attention and allowing it to get dusty in its unobtrusive location . That old unit worked perfectly , with no sound other than that of rushing air . When the rattle started , I threw it away -LRB- oh , how sorry I am -RRB- , and ordered this one , supposedly the same item under a new name.No , it 's not . The motor has a distinct whine , and what 's worse , it emits a faint but definite smell of hot plastic . I tried it for a few hours to see if those two problems would resolve but they did n't . I 'm afraid the hot plastic smell means there 's an electrical defect , and I 'm not going to sleep in a room with a defective electrical appliance running . As for the whine , I have no idea if that too is a defect or if it is a `` feature '' of the current model.It does look very similar to the old model , but it definitely does n't sound the same . I am in the process of returning it for a refund and will not be reording it . I regret this , since the old one had solved the background noise problem for me , but it is unusable as it is . Consider carefully before you risk ordering it .
 I bought this as a more portable substitute to using a box fan to help me sleep . While the noise of a box fan is soothing , the noise of this device is annoying ! Not only is it too loud , even on low , but there 's a very unpleasant mixture of high fan sounds and low motor sounds , as noted in other 1-star reviews . I returned it right away . I 'm really puzzled why so many reviewers seem to like it . I will try one of the electronic machines next .
 I was hoping to use this machine to drown out people talking 10 feet away from my desk , but sadly it had no impact whatsoever .
 This is my third Marpac machine , and Ilike them , but this latest model suffers from a high pitched whezzing sound that would besure to keep my awake
 Useless . Sure it creates white noise but for those who are very sensitive to sound , it also creates a high pitch buzzing `` electronic '' sound . And every once it a while there is a sound as if there is a tiny rock being tossed around ... almost like that sound old electric coil heaters make when they 're warming up .
 The machine makes a nice white noise sound which is adjustabel in `` tone '' , but not volume . I found it much too loud for our bedroom . So loud that it kept us awake . If you are looking for a soft background noise machine do not buy this .
 I bought this machine after reading all the positive reviews here on amazon . My fiance uses a boxed fan to drown out the noise in our room , but I think it 's ugly , so I wanted to get something more effective and compact . This `` sound conditioner '' does n't even reach the sound level of his fan on its lowest level . It 's not loud enough to block out sounds from outside the house , much less the louder ones from the inside . I also bought a lifesounds by marpac for my 9yo , and the volume on it is really really great . It gets extremely loud at the highest volume , and also has other sounds besides the white noise like surf , rain , brook , womb , heartbeat and lullaby -LRB- it actually does n't have the straight white noise setting , but surf sounds quite like it -RRB- . I will be returning the marpac sleepmate for the lifesounds for our room too -LRB- hopefully ... have n't looked at return policy on amazon yet -RRB- .
 It sounds like a very small table fan on its lowest setting . Why bother ? Your central conditioner makes more noise . The adjustment -- two ways of turning the top and side -- allows you to set the sound level between very quiet and extremely quiet . We use sound machines to block ambient noise from outside our children 's bedrooms while they sleep . For this , the Marpac is worthless -LRB- in fact , my 3-year-old complained that it was n't loud enough -RRB- . In addition
 I live in an apartment . My next door neighbors ' family includes a young man with Down syndrome . He makes a LOT of noise ; I ca n't sleep when he 's awake . I 've talked to them about it , but it 's a pretty difficult subject to broach more than once . I 'm sure you can understand.I needed something to mask his voice . I found a 10-second sample of pink noise online . Pink noise is like white noise but without the harsh sounds in the treble register . It sounds like an open faucet and a loud box fan
 I found the sound on this machine irritating and actually prevented me from sleeping . It sounded more like a fan blowing than white noise . The volume control was also poor . Does not warrant the price . I would have liked to have known exactly what type of sound this product emitted before I purchased it . There was also a restocking fee of $ 10.99 which I felt was excessive .
 I was not thrilled with the sound conditioner and gave therefore gave it a two star rating . Although there are adjustments that you can make to modify the pitch , there are n't enough adjustments . It sounds like air blowing through the air conditioning vents . This might work in a large office but not in my home . I sent it back .
 Sleep machine ? Sure , for everyone who 's idea of relaxing is cuddling up to an aircraft engine . Yes , this thing blocks noise ; but a relaxing , soporific breath of wind it is NOT . The `` volume control '' is a joke
 We purchased two of the Marpac Sound Screen 980A devices for our office . We were hoping to create a more private environment , as even the smallest amount of noise can be distracting in a therapudic setting . The machines did not meet our expectations in the least . Typical office sounds -LRB- ie . copy maching , receptionist answering the phone , quiet hallway conversation -RRB- were not masked by the machine . In fact , the sound the device produces is similar to wind passing through a tunnel , and is almost more distracting than the sounds that we hoped to eliminate . We sent both devices back , hoping to find a product that would suit our needs more effectively .
 I never thought of this when I ordered the product . I used it for about a minute and that was it . As opposed to other types of sound generators , this generates its white noise by a fan circulating and causing the noise . Indeed when set at a low volume , you could clearly hear a buzz or hum coming from the machine . When I set the cap and collar for the loudest white noise , there was a beautiful white whooshing sound . BUT , there was also the hum which could be heard through it . This was sufficiently annoying that it was not usable . I returned it and got a refund .
 I purchased this item to try and mask the sound of my neighbor coming down the stairs outside my apt . every morning at 6:30 . Unfortunately , I can still hear the noise even with this thing turned on High.I also feel like it is priced too high as it does not feature a variety of sounds like other -LRB- less expensive -RRB- sound machines do . This machine creates a sound equivalent to having a fan blow all night . You can vary the air flow a bit by turning the top which is just repositioning the vents by a few inches.I wanted to return it but the seller states that they will charge a 15 % restocking fee unless there is something wrong with it . Between that and the price of shipping it back , I figured that I might as well keep it or sell it on Craig 's List . But it has done me no good for my present noise situation . I am back to wearing ear plugs at night and the sound machine stays off .
 I was disappointed with this white noise generator and returned it . I was hoping for something that would mimic the static noise you get from a radio that is between stations , but this machine just sounded like a fan . For the price I had expected a little more .
 I live in a sparsely populated mountain valley that happens to be on a major departure route -LRB- 8 miles out -RRB- from a major airport on the other side of a small mountain range . All night long we hear jets flying overhead , sometimes 10 minutes apart , sometimes 3 minutes , sometimes 30 . Because it 's a mountain valley the sound reverberates in echoing sonic booms . We moved into the house this summer not knowing that it had this issue , which occurs mostly at night when other departure routes are shut down -LRB- for noise reasons I presume -RRB- . I bought the Marpac hoping it would drown out the booming sound waves , but it does not . It puts out a nice constant whirring sound that does not modulate -LRB- which I like -RRB- and probably deadens the booms some , but I still am awakened 6-20 times a night despite having the Marpac on , a fan on , and earplugs in my ears . Probably not worth adding that I am a very light sleeper . Anyway , I 'm not sure if there is any solution for my situation , but the white noise machine is definitely not it . I think an underground bunker may be ! Or sleeping pills perhaps . It is starting to affect my work and I hope one day constant nighttime jet noise is recognized for its huge impact on quality of life , health and property values , and is not as universally tolerated by society -LRB- could lead to quieter engines or better planned departure routes -RRB- .
 This product is awesome in terms of doing what it is designed to do.The real problem is whether/how it works when you travel outside of the US . I travel overseas a lot and really need a white noise machine in busy city hotels . I have had two of these units literally explode after a few minutes of being plugged in -LRB- once in Germany , the other in China -RRB- . In both cases I was using a travel adapter that all my other appliances work with.There are no warnings/instructions or guidance of any kind about voltage / currents / using while traveling . There is some cryptic note that talks about this being `` polarized like a table lamp '' which means absolutely nothing to me and certainly does n't help re
 I ordered this machine in the hopes of using it for my baby 's room . I normally use the radio on a ` non-station ' for white noise , but that does n't always work because the radio will sometimes tune into a nearby station and wake the baby . This machine got a lot of great reviews . I used the machine at home and when we went on vacation and stayed at a hotel . The machine did n't block any sounds - not cars going by on the street , not spoons clinking against plates in the kitchen , not my dogs ' collars jingling , not people walking by our hotel room at night talking ... nothing . I 'm not sure why this machine got good reviews from so many people . I tried everything I could - putting it in different positions throughout the room , changing the level of noise coming from it - nothing worked . Totally not worth a single penny I payed for it . A piece of junk in my book .
 The only reason I 'm giving it a 1-star rating is because the machine broke down within minutes of use . I do n't know if the higher setting is a problem , because it seemed fine with the lower one . With the former , there was a loud popping sound , then smoke started coming out of the unit and after that , it stopped functioning altogether.And I just found out that I ca n't get a replacement , only a refund , because the machine came from a seller , not Amazon itself . And since I have to ship it back to the USA from Singapore -LRB- where I live -RRB- , I also have to foot the high shipping charges.Doesn ' t seem fair at all , and I do n't know if I should even bother getting a new machine.Guess I may just have to use ear plugs and my iPod for the rest of my life .
 This device is not worth the money . I have a box fan I paid $ 10 for that is louder . Your money would be better spent else where .
 This white noise maker is not actually a noise machine , but a small fan housed in a plastic tube . Since this is the case , it does n't get any louder than a fan would . I was very disappointed with it , it did n't drown out any noise , but just sounded like a fan on top pf the noise . I would not reccommend this machine .
 this product sucks ... just a noise I ca n't stand . My friend has one with with a choice of the ocean , rain , babbling brook etc. . This one would drive you to drink . Tried to send it back but no printer . Would not suggest anyone to buy this product . Has a screatching sound that come on and wakes you up . Henceforth it sits in the drawer .
 I bought this to substitute my tower fan for when the winter comes so that I would n't freeze to death . I was hoping that the sound would be similar to the gentle wind blowing from my fan . Unfortunately , at a low speed it sounds like a muffled bathroom fan and at high speed a screaming jet engine . There was no way to adjust the volume so the noise was just grating to the ears . If you want something to lull you to sleep at night , you 're better off just recording some rain sounds onto a CD . There was also this weird rattling sound when I moved it around . At one time one of the parts inside the product got stuck so that when I plugged it into 3 different outlets , it would n't even turn on . This is a flimsy and horribly designed product that has very little adjustable options . Do n't even bother .
 I bought this product to replace a fan as white noise . I viewed an in store model that was broken and making aweful noises , but purchased anyway because the reviews were so positive ! Tried for 3 nights , and did n't sleep good for any of them . The motor that runs the fan makes a noise that can be heard over the whooshing of air . It was not even a consistent noise , so it was very noticable . It almost sounded like the fan was just barely scraping the casing , and would make a rattling/high pitched noise . Went to exchange item , and was asked if I would like to test new one . YES , please ! Unfortunately , it made the same noise , so I took a refund . I hate sleeping with a fan because I have pets and allergies and it dries up my sinuses , so it is sad that this product did not work as expected .
 I was looking for something that created white noise with an adjustable volume . My spouse is a loud snorer , and there are a few outside noises -LRB- dogs barking , occasional vehicle noise -RRB- , so I needed something to block out all this noise . I was using a box fan fan for this purpose but did not like the actual blowing air , just the noise it generated , and I could not control the volume . I also tried using a portable radio set on a random unused AM station . This worked great for volume control , but the static sound was not consistent/even enough and would wake me up.The Dohm-DS Dual Speed Sound conditioner is a small fan inside of plastic housing . It is adjustable in that the holes on the top and/or the slits on the side can be open or closed or somewhere in between by twisting the pieces . Adjusting it in this manner creates a softer or louder effect , but it is not a true volume control . Unfortunately , the loudness of the Dohm is basically the same as a table-top fan -LRB- which makes sense since it IS a small fan -RRB- , but this is not nearly loud enough to block out the volume of snoring in my house or any outside noises . The box fan I was using was MUCH louder and more effective at blocking noise.If you 've never tried using any type of sound conditioner or the noises you are trying to cover up are not too loud , then maybe the Dohm would be loud enough to work for you , as it does seem to work well for many other reviewers . Bottom line in my opinion , I do not recommend this item .
 This product is totally useless . It sounds like a fan ... no mask for any noise ... I tried all I could do ... Still a fan . .
 I really liked the sound of the DOHM and it is exactly what I was looking for . I have a two year old and a baby and it really helps blend out noises . I felt I was sleeping better myself . However , I purchased it in May and it started to have a rattle sound only a couple weeks later in June . I have n't contacted the manufacturer yet but I will do so and I am hoping I can get a replacement .
 I was so excited to receive this . I have been using a fan for white noise for years and thought it would be nice to have something more compact that I could travel with . My problem with it was it was just too loud . For the cost , I feel it should have more range of settings , particularly a quieter mode . I felt like I was in an airplane cabin .
 My wife is a light sleeper who is easily awoken by planes flying overhead . I can ususally fall asleep quickly and stay asleep unless there 's an unusual noise in the house . We got this device and it helps her stay asleep during the night but the sound it makes grates on my nerves to no end ! It 's far too high-pitched -LRB- even at the lowest `` frequency '' setting -RRB- which makes it difficult for me to fall asleep.I always thought the Alpha and Theta waves associated with REM sleep were very low frequency . It almost feels like this device interferes with that . On the occasional night when I get to sleep without that machine on , I end up sleeping like a rock . Since my wife frequently gets up before I do , I 'll sometimes get up and shut the machine off for that extra 30-60 minutes and immediately feel a sense of calm the moment it 's shut off . Obviously , this product is not for everyone.I 'd love hearing from anyone about any lower-frequency devices they might have used with success ? I wo n't be able to get rid of this thing unless I find a suitable replacement .
 I have a very variable work schedule and typically have to work nights and sleep when I can during the day in noisy environments . I have been using fans for white noise but it gets freezing in the winter time with the fan blowing around . I was hoping with all the good reviews that this machine would be the answer . Let me tell you its not nearly as loud as my fan even when set to the highest volume and placed near the bed . I am returning it .
 I was very surprised that this item didnt work for me with all the glowing reviews this has.I 'm a very light sleeper and I was very thrilled to find this product ... until I got it . Sounds a bit louder than your regular fan , but it doesnt , by any means , reduce other noises.It took me a bit to get used to the its loud noise , but when I did , I also noticed , it didnt muffle other noises . I could still hear my upstairs neighbor opening a drawer and that was a tame one.In my opinion , this products just creates a distraction from other noises , but by no means reduces them or muffles them . All the noises are still there , but is as if you have to focus on the Sleepmate noise to tune out the others , and sorry , but thats not what I need.Just returned it .
 I was very disappointed in this product . If you are getting this for a child 's room it is not very loud and only has two settings . It does not mask outside noises , which it claimed to do on one of the reviews I read . I would not recommend this product .
 I purchased this product because the reviews stated by several purchasers that this machine did a good job blocking out obtrusive noise , even on the lower fan speed . One review specifically referred to blocking out snoring which was my reason for considering this machine . My husband snores and we currently use a fan in the room for the `` white noise '' but wanted something that would n't cool down the room in the winter . The `` white noise '' produced by this machine on the high setting was n't loud enough . After several nights of trying different locations for the machine , the only way I could block out his snoring was to put the machine on the bed , right next to my head with the machine on high . Needless to say , I returned this product . If you want this machine to block out snoring , I do n't think this is the product for you .
 I bought this product for my clinic since I heard noise coming from the other room of the clinic . It I worked nicely , but only for 1 day . After that it stopped working . An electric engineer who checked on it told me the engine was burnt down . Since I live in Isreal it is too much effort and time and money consuming , and I will have to find another solution . So I am very much disappointed for wasting my time and money . Certainly , I can not recommend this productMARPAC SleepMate 980A Dual Speed Electro-Mechanical White Noise Machine / Sound Machine for Sleeping at Home & Travel
 I was very disappointed in this machine.I have a $ 25 graco baby sound machine but wanted something louder to block out noise better . This machine blocked out nothing . It was n't even half as good or as loud as the cheapo one that I have . I returned it and continue to search for a louder / better white noise machine .
 Was so eager to have this machine as I have difficulty going to sleep . It was useless . Did n't help a bit and I followed ALL the instructions . Returned item .
 I originally bought this to use for my 6 month old so that he does n't hear the dogs barking or other noises in the house while he is napping/sleeping . Currently , we use my iPod w / white noise downloaded and we have it turned up really loud . The problem is that the iPod has a slight pause b/w tracks that can be disruptive . I * thought * the Marpac Sleep Conditioner would solve this problem . I thought wrong . You could whisper outside my son 's closed door and be heard over this pathetically low white noise . Not worth the money .
 What is going on with Marpac ? They used to have the best white noise machines in the country , you never got a clicking sound from the end of the tape and the machines lasted 8 - 15 years before getting a motor problem . 2 years ago I bought their high end white noise machine and on the 3rd day of use noticed a clicking sound every couple of minutes , so it keeps me awake . 3 weeks ago i bought 2 of this model , I have had this model twice in the past and it worked great for years . After using this machine for 1 night , the motor makes an intermittent humming noise after a few hours . Both of the machines that I just bought have the same problem . I do n't notice it at first , but later in the night if I wake up . I ca n't get to sleep when this happens . Guess I 'll try using an air purifier for white noise in my room , also , maybe it will help my allergies . Another thing that works pretty good is a white noise CD , put the repeat function on the cd player . I have one for a fan and one for rain .
 first things first . This thing will not make a DENT in another person snoring in a room . If there is a sound in the same room as the marcpac you WILL hear it.It does n't say it in the description but I have heard claims that this will mask construction noise . It WO N'T . If they 're building a house anywhere in your vicinity you will absolutely hear hammers and saws . This item also does not mask noise if something is pounding on the wall of the room that the marcpac is in . It also will not work for very large rooms . It will only really work for a small bedroom . Forget the living room.Don ' t get me wrong . It does kinda work . It will probably help you sleep you 're neighbor is grinding coffee and that bothers you . You will still be able to hear children playing outside , dogs barking and helicopters.If you have a lot of noise around your house , I would suggest getting an electronic white noise machine so you can crank the volume up . This one only has two settings .
 After using it for a 2 week period it stopped working , just would not switch on . The sound when it did work was not really definable enough and was in just one particular frequency , not real &#34; white noise &#34; . However it did help , when it worked , that is .
 The machine has only two settings , which I describe as ` quiet ' and ` quieter ' . It does n't produce enough white noise to block most anything . I bought it for my girl friend , because she likes to sleep with a fan . The lowest setting of a regular box fan produces much more noise than the white noise machine on its highest setting . For my office at work i bought an air purifier to produce white noise . It works much better for producing white noise at the lowest setting as well.I will say one positive thing for the white noise machine , the sound is what you 'd get from a fan . Unfortunately it is n't loud enough to serve its one and only purpose .
 I just got this thing and there is a high pitched whinny sound that 's coming from the motor . I also believe I was sent a used item , it was just in some plain generic white box . The ones in the store are n't packaged like this , so why was mine ? Put 's a bad taste in your mouth when you feel you 've been sent a returned item from someone else.I will be shipping this back to amazon ASAP . Save your money , look for something else .
 I bought this to help drown out my snoring so my husband could sleep . It is not a very peaceful , relaxing sound . In fact , it is somewhat annoying to us . So far it has not worked for our purpose , but maybe it has worked well for others .
 I had high hopes for this machine given the reviews I read here . I 'm sorry to say , it 's annoying!There is no way I could sleep with that in my room , even on the lowest setting . By chance , we turned our central air conditioner on last night and that was the best solution so far .
 This thing just does n't get very loud at all . It make noise , but it should be about 10 times louder ...
 I am very disappointed with the sound volume of this product . I bought it because I work nights and have to sleep during the day , which is the noisiest part of the day . There are only 2 volumes on this machine . Low and I use the term loosely `` Hi '' . I had the machine on `` Hi '' and it in no way blocked out any noise at all ! I could hear the dogs barking outside , cars going by and noise from the other end of the house . This machine did n't even block out the noise of our very quiet ceiling fan . I have to still use our fan by our bed in the hope to get a good rest . For the price of this machine I assumed it would be phenomenal . It is not worth it . I am returning this machine and checking into a much less expensive model that works so much better .
 I understand how this product would be useful for some people to drown out other noises , but it is not at all relaxing to listen to . It just sounds like a fan . I 'm not sure what this &#34; whooshing &#34; sound is people are talking about ? I bought it for my 8 month old son 's room and when I had it turned on it was so distracting that he was looking around for where the sound was coming from , so I had to shut it off to put him down for the night . It 's too industrial sounding . I understand how it would help some people but for a baby it is not at all soothing . I bought the Graco sound machine instead and it sounds beautiful ! Great for a nursery .
 I have used white noise machines for years as I am a light sleeper . This is a bad product . It only makes 2 sounds and neither is white noise . there is no volume control and both are very loud . After a couple months the noise got less white and sounded like a tire getting flatter and flatter as you drive on a highway . I am going back to Sharper Image .
 I purchased this to cover the whine of a large central a/c unit outside my window in my apartment building . I have to warn anyone sensitive to noises like that - this unit has a whine of its own . Yes , you hear a soothing rush of air , but you can hear the whine of the motor of the Marpac underlying the air noise . Perhaps this particular unit was defective . I do n't know . Maybe this would work for someone not as sensitive to noise , but I had to return mine .
 I purchased this product to replace an old one just like it . I am very unhappy with this new model - it is not loud enough . If it was n't such a hassle , I would return it !
 I bought these in hopes that they would help to drown out some barking dogs . Personally I think my small fan works just as well . Do n't waste your $ . I 'll be sending these back .
 For as effective as this product is supposed to be , it does not mask very high and very low -LRB- bass thumping -RRB- frequencies . You will still hear all the annoying noises , just a little bit less . Also , the white noise sound is not loud enough to cover the other noises .
 Tossed the thing after a few weeks , as it developed a loud rattle . It 's really just a fan , and fans tend to do that after a while . With this one , there was no stopping the rattling .
 You can get the same sounds from your computer for free ; there is not a need to buy this product .
 I have the worst upstairs neighbors anyone could have and I bought this product because of all the positive reviews . This machine is so quiet that you ca n't tell it is even on and for the price they have got to be kidding . I am returning this product immediately and I want a full refund of my money because I wasted it on this piece of junk . Turning my TV up and playing my radio is the best way to drown out the idiots upstairs .
 This noise machine does not do anything resembling an adequate job as a noise masker . Perhaps it should have been obvious that the sound would be insufficient based on the size of the product , but one would assume that reviews would provide the correct feedback . reviewers are either extremely heavy sleepers -LRB- in which case why buy one of these ? -RRB- or else the reviews themselves are fake.Product is cheap , tiny and ineffective .
 I have been using soldering fumes fan -LCB- eight inches -RCB- for years.Wanting to check out other sleep aids and found this item.Read a couple reports were they opened it up and found a fan.Why not just buy a fan and use that ?
 Works well for higher frequencies since it gives the sound of rushing air but I already had a fan for that . It 's completely ineffective against what was and is keeping me awake , bass frequencies like helicopters flying over , large trucks from nearby construction , footsteps on the ceiling , etc. . If there 's a product that produces a constantly , low bass tone I 'd love to buy it .
 For the last 8 years , my wife and I have used a white noise generator to help us sleep . Unfortunately , a power surge destroyed it , so we started looking for another . This product looked promising because it did n't use a prerecorded white noise loop ; it actually generates white noise.The problem with this product is that you can hear the high pitch whine of the fan inside the unit in addition to the white noise caused by the air whooshing out of the slots . This made the noise it generates sounds more like a low power hair dryer , than a true white noise generator . For the price , you think they could have used a quieter fan .
 I read through the reviews for this product and all of them were mostly positive except for one . In that one the person said it needed to be louder . I figured maybe this person was just a really bad sleeper . Well it seems like that person was right and everyone else was wrong . I live in a small condominium with 3 small children and I have used a oscillating table fan to block out the unwanted noise when I go to sleep . I start work every morning at 2 am so I need to be in bed before everyone else . The fan always works great but with it moving into winter time , my wife and I do n't want to freeze our butts off . I decided to give this product a try because of the large amount of good reviews . What a waste of $ 50 . After a few days of trying it I ended up going back to the fan . I 'll freeze my butt off and just pile the blankets on rather than lose sleep trying to use this product . My small table fan on high setting completely drowns out the sound this product makes . Save your money and look for other alternatives .
 I am reviewing this from Australia . After many , many inquiries I was finally able to purchase this conditioner . At the end of the day , it was quite expensive for me to do so . I 've had it about 2 years now.I was under the impression that it would last longer than this -LRB- being made in the US -RRB- even though the warranty was for only 12 months duration . Mine has developed another noise -LRB- outside the usual ` white-noise ' -RRB- . It sounds like a bearing is failing ; as its rather a ` tapping ' sound . Interestingly , this is a simple machine to produce . It 's made up of a miniature fan mechanism -LRB- yes , with blades and all -RRB- . I 'm just wondering if I 'd be better off replacing it with a miniature desk fan and sitting that beside my bed -LRB- directing the blades away from me when it 's cold -RRB- . Despite the above the conditioner has worked well in the past to assist me to fall and stay asleep by blocking out irregular noises . With this extra noise , it fails to improve my sleep now .
 If you are buying this to mask annoying sounds then it might do the trick . If you just want a soothing sound to lull you to sleep then this machine is WAY TOO LOUD . Even running inside a closet on low speed with cap and collar fully closed it can still be heard throughout the room . But at least that achieves an acceptable sound level . So before you buy make sure you have a place to put it or it will become just another annoying sound . If I still had the receipt I would return it .
 The White Noise machine itself is great . But for some reason the company wo n't mail to Alaska ! I had to have it shipped to a friend in Oregon , who mailed it to me . That added 2 weeks more and $ 10 more to shipping . HELP !!!! Alaska has been a state in the union for for 59 years now ; the mail arrives every day ... . Regular mail is all we ask , not UPS or anything fancy .
 This machine is too loud for sleeping . The volume control is n't a normal volume control ; you can adjust how much air flows through , but it does n't really make it any quieter . We have these in the lobby at our church , and they do a great job of masking noise from the lobby during the service . But this device is terrible for sleeping . I 'm going to buy a sound machine with a real volume control on it .
 This white noise machine is very very loud , yet you can hear this weird whirring sound , like the electrical current changes during use or something . Anyways , I found it hard to fall asleep with it on .
 I received this machine in a damaged , generic box . It was not provided in the manufacturer 's box , which leads me to believe it was a returned item . I could send it back to them , but I would have to pay for the postage -LRB- and buy a shipping box -RRB- ! Shame on Amazon for allowing such a business to sell items through their website !
 I do n't know how psychologists use this to muffle noise . It just is n't loud enough . I bought it to muffle unpleasant bathroom noises in our small apartment . This product , the Dohm-DS speed Sound Conditioner , even at the highest setting , sounds like a low fan . I 'll have to find another solution .
 I got this thing because I figured all those good reviews must mean something , and I am at the end of my rope with my stupid noisy jerk neighbor , who makes enough noise to be clearly heard through a thick wall and even over the fan in my bedroom that I keep on the high setting while I sleep . All the reviews it got convinced me that somehow this device churns out a special white noise that can drown out the total jerks of the world that ca n't respect their neighbors , but alas , no . This thing is waaaaaaay quieter than my bedroom fan . Which of course makes it about useless in my battle . I am only keeping it because it adds a little bit to the fan noise . That 's it , no more , and I still do not , in any way , think this dumb thing is worth almost $ 60 . Seriously , for that price , and no remote ? Even though the booklet says to position it on the opposite side of the room from your bed ? And it 's not exactly stylish to look at for the price either . Would not recommend .
 All this is is a low power fan , not a white noise maker . I returned it just after opening the box .
 I was excited to get this fan to help drown out my neighbor 's noisy dog a few houses down . Nope ! This thing is really quiet even on the high setting . I need a LOUD whooosh . This is as loud as my microwave . It 's going back .
 I thought this was top of the line but it 's basically a fan inside a metal box . Move on to the more modern models
 Years ago , Brookstone made a terrific sound machine called Tranquil Moments . It had great volume control and would mask any sound . The unit Brookstone sells now is way too quiet and we 've been looking for something to replace their original machine.This is not it !! My husband and I kept it but only because it is better than nothing . We laugh when we turn it on at night because you can barely hear it ! It hardly masks sound at all.I definitely do n't recommend this if you 're looking for a great machine . Keep looking . I am .
 Really does n't work as well as people say . I got this to drown out the ruckus of my upstairs neighbor 's stripper shoes , slamming closet , etc. . . since one can only wear earplugs so many nights in a row . Basically there are 2 rotating sections you adjust to try to match the frequency of the offending noise . But in my case this actually varies quite a bit . Plus you are supposed to place this between you & the source of noise , but here it is all over my ceiling so not possible . I do like the soothing whoosh from this product , but bottom line is , it 's just not loud enough even at the higher setting . The only way it works is if I place it on my pillow right next to my head .
 If you want to cover the sound of a baby breathing , this product wo n't work . So if you need to drown out something even louder , i.e. , music from a neighbor 's house , this product FOR SURE is not for you . I was very , very disappointed and sent it back . The advertising is not true .
 I do n't understand how so many rated this 5 stars . This unit is not soothing at all . In fact , it agitates me . This nothing more than a fan in a plastic housing . I 've tried adjusting the airflow in every position and am unable to find a comfortable setting . I even hear the motor whirring beneath the fan sound , which distracts me even more . There is no true volume adjustment either ; you can only adjust the airflow which changes the pitch . Very disappointed .
 Opened the box , turned it on the `` high setting '' on the dual mode machine , and I was very disappointed at the volume . The actual sound it makes is a very pleasant sound of air blowing , but its just too soft . I sent the device back to amazon -LRB- which , if you are the type to read reviews , you probably already know , has an awesome return policy -RRB- . I instead purchased a large box fan , and I find that sound volume and is enough to create the white noise I am looking for to sleep .
 I 'm a very light sleeper and need constant uniform white noise if I 'm in an environment where there 's any type of outside noise . I do not know if it was the particular Marpac sound conditioner that I ended up with or what , but the white noise emitted was not uniform in that there was a regular clicking sound amongst the white noise . It was not a pronounced click , but very subtle . Unfortunately , my brain clasped onto that minor little click and would not let go of it resulting in `` no sleep for me . '' However , it may have just been the one I ended up with . If mine had produced constant uniform white noise , I would have been thrilled because the Marpac sound conditioner is very well made and does produce the sound I was hoping for - if only mine did n't have the bloody click .
 Just purchased this model and was excited to use it . Plugged it in an it worked only for an hour . I checked the fuse in the plug to see if it had blown and it was fine . Re-plugged it into several other working outlets and nothing . Machine broke in less than an hour . Worst off to ship it back will cost more than what I paid for the machine . Beyond disappointed ,
 I work nights and use a machine to drown out outside noise , cat noise etc. . I found this machine to not be loud enough to block out these noises .
 Would be fine , if it was 4x louder . Will only mask very quiet sounds . Not useful for most situations .
 All we wanted was a simple white noise machine . No need to hear sounds from the Amazon , water sounds -LRB- who can sleep through those without having to pee every hour ??? -RRB- , we 're long out of the womb so a heartbeat does n't bring particular comfort ... just wanted white noise to block anything else out and the Brookstone we 'd had for years started working erratically.My husband said he 'd had one of these back in the day and it worked great for a really long time . Everything else seems to be geared to babies or have features we do n't really need to pay extra for so this seemed to be what fit the bill for us.From the beginning , I did n't find that it got loud enough at it 's loudest settings . I 'm a VERY light sleeper and even with it by my head , I could every creak of our old house , every bark of the dogs sequestered to the other end of the house ... but it was liveable.Fast forward about 6 months and it started making screeching noises in the middle of the night - not cool . Sometimes could get it to stop with a little repositioning , a few gentle pops of the hand . It started happening more and more and more often , so my husband took it apart , oiled the parts of the motor and we seemed to be on our way ... for a few weeks . The screeching returned , then was followed with the sound of silence - it had flat lined.Now I do n't know what to get , many of these devices do n't even tell you if they offer just plain old white noise as one of the options . I 've spent way too much time on this - for now , we 've gently positioned the old Brookstone , taped up some of the shorts and treat it like a shrine . Call me crazy , but I get the feeling that this is n't a feasible option for the long term.Any suggestions for a long-lasting , quality machine with a white noise option and adjustable volume for less than $ 50 would be most welcome . Thoughts ?
 This is my first review of a product . I should start off by saying that I enjoyed that the sound was generated by the machine and not a loop recording . There was no pattern in the noise and I needed that . Howerver , I did not think we could ever really get the noise machine loud enough for our liking . But the really frustrating thing about this machine is that we have only had this since May and it quit working today ! I have not started the return process so we 'll see how that goes ... but I do n't think that it should have quit working already .
 Received as a gift . Thought it was wonderful until it stopped in the middle of the night . Customer service said to send it in for repair or replacement at my own expense . They were not at all apologetic . The new one does not work as well . It is quieter and does n't seem to have as much power.Very disappointed !
 This machine worked great , blocking out noise perfectly for about 5 months . Then one evening I turned it off so that I could watch TV and when I went to turn it back on to go to sleep , there was no sound . I tried different outlets , different volume settings , and nothing . I can tell it 's on because there 's a faint vibration that starts when I flip the switch , but no noise . I 'm extremely upset about this because now I ca n't sleep at night and I received zero paperwork with the product that would allow me to take advantage of any warranty and it 's way beyond the return policy deadline . It 's a shame because absent the short , sudden death it was a really good product .
 This machine is solid and seems to be very well made . Unfortunately , the volume is n't nearly loud enough to be effective for me and my significant other.Hi or low speeds did n't seem to make a significant difference in volume , and twisting the unit merely changed the pitch from higher to lower and everything in between.I really wanted this machine to work for me , but the volume just was n't enough.Jim
 Reading the reviews of this product , I could only assume it was God 's own white noise machine . Judging especially from those reviews by self-proclaimed sound connoisseurs or the most fickle sleepers , I assumed this product would magically mask most every sound in the environment . While the sound itself was pleasing enough , very much like a steady version of a desk fan , I found the device did nothing to mask the particular sound I was struggling with . My room is filled with a high-pitched steam hiss from an old-fashioned baseboard radiator , and while my desk fan on medium speed masked the majority of the sound , I found this little device much too quiet -LRB- even on the loudest setting -RRB- to make a dent in the noise . Even combined with my fan , it was n't enough to mask that steam-like hiss . Perhaps I just have a particularly difficult sound to cope with , but if a fan does n't cover up the noise you 're noticing , I would hesitate before expecting this device to do so . If you 're hoping for something loud , powerful , solid , weighty , or durable , I would also suggest you look elsewhere .
 It does not have the volume that I need or perhaps it is too small for the room that I have it in . It has not helped me in the least .
 After one trial of 10 min , we heard a weird sound and a weird smell came from the Sleepmate . It was completly out of order like something has been burnt inside ... So , we do n't recommend it ! It cost a lot of money for 10 minutes of use!We are very disappointed !
 I purchased this in the hopes of diminishing background noise in my office . I have it sitting next to a small desk fan on my desk at work and the fan is actually louder than this ` sound conditioner . ' Save your money and buy a cheap fan - this thing barely makes any noise at all .
 I had one of these for years and I finally tossed it in the garbage when the fan inside loosened and vibrated causing some annoying sounds . It seemed to work alright initially but it was n't until I threw this machine out that I realized that it was actually disturbing my sleep patterns . It was loud enough to cover outside noises but the fan spun too quickly so it did n't allow for a deep sleep . After I tossed it and went back to a regular indoor fan I realized how much better I slept with the fan . I point the fan away from me so as not to feel the wind , so that 's not what 's causing the longer and more restful sleep . It 's the actual rotation speed of the fan . It spins more slowly and thus has a more pleasing and relaxed sound to it.These machines may work for some people but not for me , as I have now figured out .
 I hate to leave bad reviews , but after spending this kind of money , I am very disappointed . The motor started to die down after only a few months and now it 's not loud enough to cancel out ANY sound ; but solely provides a low , smooth , white noise in the background of everything else . I wish I would have just gone for a digital one with a speaker .
 The machine is cheaply made , the sound is n't soft like a fan it 's just annoying . I do n't recommend this product , I 'm just going to continue using a real fan .
 I am somewhat disappointed in this product . It would probably be adequate for mild , general traffic noise screening . I need a more melodious , harmonious , deeper pitched screen , so perhaps my review is not relevant to this product ; but its description did lead me to believe that it would work for my situation .
 I read some other reviews on this both good and bad . I figured I would take a chance , I have trouble sleeping so I figured its such highly liked , I would give it a try . As soon as I plugged it in , I thought to myself ... this is not going to work . As someone else stated , it sounds like a bathroom vent fan . Its just a Fan in an enclosure that has holes of varying size to allow more or less sound to come out . Even with the thing spun on the slowest speed and the holes closed all the way as small as it goes , this thing was too loud for me to sleep with.My Suggestion , go to walmart and spend 15 bucks on a cheap fan and use that as background noise . I have a cheapo fan that does a great job producing background noise .
 Machine made to much noise for my wife to sleep , we would like to swap it out for the the better one that has ocean sounds or runningwater .
 This unit is not equivalent to the similar model made by Hammacher Schlemmer , which I was trying to replace after 10 years of satisfactory service . The power switch on this unit was faulty . When the unit was finally activated , the noise level was so low I was not sure it was actually on . Something ai n't right right here ... so I returned this one , re-ordered from the original company , and was happy to get the real McCoy , which worked perfectly and has no issue . Be kind to yourself or your gift recipient , and skip this product . Grade
 I bought two of these items . After the first failed I thought that I had connected to the supply incorrectly . After the second unit faied and I had confirmed polarity of the supply it was finally noticed that the units where for the US market and operated on 115V , unlike the Australian supply voltage of 240V . When I contacted `` Amazon '' whom I made payment to , they basically fobbed me of with the `` we are just couriers '' . As I made money orders out to `` Amazon '' I that feel they are in some way responsible for after sales service . This has not been the case and now I get a survey to complete - get real eh . Support us or do n't bother with these surveys . It just makes me more angry.good day.Eddy .
 I got this to mask the noises of my coworker in the cubicle next to mine . He chews with his mouth open , slurps his drinks , yawns loudly and often , burps , farts , and grunts all day long . I placed it at the wall of my cubicle that shares his . Unfortunately , it is very loud and gives me headaches if I leave it on all day . Everybody walking by wonders what that loud noise is and why I have it . And even when I put it on the loudest setting , it does n't mask all the noises , although it does help . It is just not worth the headaches and the questions . Now I am back to plugging my ears with my fingers most of the day .
 Got it . Ran upstairs , plugged it in and it 's broken . Smoke started fizzing outta the top and it stunk up the room . A waste of $ 90Marpac 980A Sound Screen Sleep Conditioner White Noise Generator Dual Speed
 I bought this a few months ago and needed a second one for my daughter where she stays during the day . This second is completely different -LRB- and they were both 980 -RRB- , it is not as loud at all !
 I was excited about the positive reviews on this item . We 've been using a clean air machine at high speed to down out noises , so I was excited to get a REAL sound conditioner to block out sounds of dogs barking . However , when we plugged it in , we thought for sure it was not properly turned on . It barely made any noise at all.I ca n't imagine any use for it , plus the price is really inflated for what you get - a circle that you can hold with one hand . I 'm returning it - the sound of air moving in my central air system is louder than this .
 My roommate recently got one of these . The thing is like a tornado , but louder and more likely to inflict critical damage on your body . Take last night for example
 I just bought this machine to drown out the sound of my neighbor 's loud thumps/doors closing at 3:30 a.m. Unfortunately , I am hearing impaired and can barely hear this machine . I do not recommend this machine if you are hearing impaired . It is not loud enough .
 I purchased the Sound Screen to help my dogs stop barking at night . They stay in the garage at night , and they could hear us inside whenever we would use the restroom or take a shower . I purchased it to create a noise floor that would help them to not hear the running water . It did not work . The thing is not very loud at all .
 I plugged in brand new unit and it did nothing ... nada . I had to pay shipping back to `` online components '' to get a refund . So I am out 7 bucks and have nothing .
 I purchased this to block out my husband 's snoring and get a better night 's sleep . The product did not help at all . It just added more noise to the room on top of the snoring . I might still take it on vacation with me .
 As soon as I received this product , it made nothing more than a weak whirring noise . I thought maybe it needed to warm up for first-time use , but after a few minutes it shut itself off . Then it would not power on at all . Obviously , I ended up returning it and I was very disappointed since I was looking forward to using this product daily . I would have purchased another , however I fear it will be defective as well ; quite a shame .
 The product description does not make it clear , but this device is not a digital sound generator . It 's just a fan in a box with two power settings -LRB- high and very high -RRB- and some bevels that you can adjust . The two settings are very similar , and for many people this will mean that the lowest setting will not be quiet enough , or the highest setting will not be loud enough . This is a lot of money to pay for a fan in a box , and I wish I could get my money back . I recommend the Sharper Image sound generator , instead . It has a volume knob as well as options for selecting different types of background noise .
 I got this item last week . The main idea was to make my 8 month old daughter sleep longer without getting interfered with all the noises ... but this machine did not help us much ... I did n't think it was loud enough ... The fan worked better than this for white noise . . returning the item
 As a pilot , my job requires that I spend a large amount of time on the road , often in hotels that are less than quiet . At the same time , I often have to go to bed very early in order to operate the first flights out the next morning . To drown out loud guests , slamming doors , etc. , I need a sound machine with a good deal of volume . Unfortunately , this is n't it . It 's barely loud enough to drown out even the quietest hallway conversations ; late-night guests speaking in the hallway at normal volume at 2am will easily overcome the Marpac 980A . Of course no sound machine will get rid of all outside noise -LRB- sometimes you just ca n't do much about slamming doors in the hallway -RRB- , but when a $ 15 Wal-Mart sound machine easily drowns out those noisy neighbors while this $ 50 model can not , well , it 's simply disappointing.I 'll be returning this item shortly . I 'm giving this item 2 stars because it would probably work as advertised if you already live in a somewhat quiet environment and want to drown out minor noise pollution . I ca n't recommend it for frequent travelers who may find themselves in a noisy hotel , however . A $ 0.99 iPhone application and a portable laptop speaker will do much better than this $ 50 sound machine .
 For my use this machine was not right . First and foremost I was looking for a travel sound machine to drown out the street noise in hotel rooms . This machine is surprisingly heavy and bulky for plane travel where every ounce and inch counts in a suitcase.Also it was surprisingly noisy ! I mean there is no real volume control , just minimal adjustments . I have a Marsona machine which is lightweight and has volume control but I did n't care for the sound -LRB- waves , etc. -RRB- but I returned this one and will take the other.On the plus side the whizzing noise was effective and pleasing . But it is still going back .
 I bought this item because my apartment is too close for comfort with the neighbor upstairs . Well I have to say the white noise this item made gave me anxiety attacks . It was burdensome for me to handle . The best option for me is to move . I ca n't sleep with any kind of noise . This machine may work well for some . Maybe I need a machine that as different types of smoother noise .
 This product was noisier than the noise I was trying to camouflage . Returned it and got my money back.Oh well .
 But sadly , it was n't loud enough . I need it to be about 3-4 levels higher / louder than it is to keep my baby -LRB- who hates sleeping -RRB- asleep ... had to return it ...
 I got this when my tinnitus was new and was bothering me . I used it a grand total of about 15 minutes.I 've used these before in a counselling setting to keep people from hearing the counselling session through the door . This newer model has a terrible motor in it that makes a sort of high pitched whine , especially bad on the high setting but still bad on the low setting . I wish I had realized this before the return window expired . Not recommended . Go with an electronic white noise machine that uses less electricity and has no whiney electric motor.This is a fan inside a housing with adjustable vents to sort of change the sound . The idea is ok . The motor noise is not ok .
 Despite the ability to adjust speed/sound it was too loud for me ! I found it hard to believe some reviewers said it was not loud enough . Amazon was wonderful about the return , though , so it was a good experience overall . Sometimes you just do n't know until you try it out .
 Naturally I bought this item because of all of the great reviews on here . Now that I have it and have used it , I am very , VERY confused . It does NOTHING . Every single noise can still be perfectly heard
 I suffer from tinnitus and hyperacusis so I was looking for a white noise generator to mask it . Most of the reviews of the Marpac were great , but I did read several that mentioned an unpleasant high pitched sound that was produced alongside the white noise . When I received the item and turned it on , I heard this high pitched noise immediately . I left the unit on for a bit to see if I would stop hearing it , but it continued to bother my ears . My partner , who has normal hearing , also found it annoying . I sent it back . I 've continued to use my fan and air filter to produce masking sounds instead.Amazon provided quick and awesome service as per usual .
 If you are trying to mask snoring with a machine , this will not work . Other noises maybe , but again , definitely not snoring . Use ear plugs or better yet , take a pill .
 Had it for awhile it was great . Then putting my two small kids to sleep smelled fire could n't figure it out for a minute - then I realized it was smoking !!!!! Thank God it did n't happen in the middle of the night . Scary .
 This machine not as loud as I expected ... this product certainly can not cancel out outside noises . In my opinion so not worth the price
 Bought this Jan 2011 . Not able to adjust effectively . It was not soothing in any way , it was all annoying . Sent it back . Bought the Ecotones Sound + Sleep instead and it does the job .
 My husband and I both found this machine to be too loud even on the lowest setting . We needed something to cover up things that `` go bump in the night '' , but this WAS the `` bump in the night '' that we could n't sleep through ! Return was easy and refund was quick so overall the experience was good although the product did n't meet our needs .
 I ordered this item for my grand-daughter . . who said `` if it cost more it is better '' ? Well this item was n't better . . The sound machien `` white Noise '' maker we had that died after a year was $ 12.98 and very loud . I should have stayed with that one . . I did n't . . So I spent $ 35.00 more and we are not near as happy . The sound is n't very loud , and that is what I was getting a `` white noise '' machine for , the noise . So , if you are looking for a loud white noise machine this is n't it . .
 The problem with this product is that you can hear the high pitch whine of the fan inside the unit in addition to the white noise caused by the air whooshing out of the slots . This made the noise it generates sounds more like a low power hair dryer , than a true white noise generator . For the price , you think they could have used a quieter fan .
 It is very likely this review will get passed up by the 900 + others , but it 's important to realize this `` Sound Conditioner '' is n't for everyone . When I first purchased the SleepMate I was excited to receive it after reading the great reviews and watching a couple YouTube clips -LRB- which in hindsight only give you half an idea of what they sound like -RRB- . When it was first turned on , it sounded like a mix between an old computer fan -LRB- specifically CPU -RRB- and a very quiet vacuum . There are two volume levels . It has basic `` EQ `` ing by cutting the higher frequency noises with a twist of the top or cutting mid frequencies with a twist at the middle ; you ca n't control the lower frequency noises . When the mids and highs are cut all the way down you can hear the motor clearest . When twisting full open , you cycle through various 1990 's PC fan noises -- full open being the cheapest sounding PC of them all . I spend extra money buying quiet case fans for work to prevent hearing this all day . Why would I want to bring this sound to my home ? If listening to a noisy PC is not your idea of a great night 's sleep , then stay away from this.If you like the sound of wind blowing , then buy yourself a quiet desk fan or a larger one for big spaces . Have it face the ceiling and cover parts of it with duct tape or place various objects on or around it to get more EQing -LRB- if that 's your thing -RRB- . They usually have 3 + `` volume '' -LRB- aka speed -RRB- settings . If you 're concerned about your room being drafty just place the fan facing an enclosed space , like in a far corner or under a vanity , to create a weak vortex . Your ears will thank you for it and you 'll have more utility during the summer months .
 I just received my machine and have been very surprised by my body 's reaction to it . I 've used at least five different sound machines during the last 20 years and have NEVER had a negative reaction to the sound of any of them . I love sound machines and use them frequently . But for some reason this machine just makes me anxious , even at the lowest volume and speed . It does n't seem broken ; it 's just that the sound produced has a racing quality to it , as if it 's in a hurry to be somewhere else . Makes me want to get away from it . It might work if I could lower the volume but even across the room it 's anything but soothing.I thought I should put this info in a review in case someone else like me sees all the rave reviews and has a reaction like mine .
 I bought this based off of so many reviews , however , I am returning it . Number one there is no volume control and it to loud for my area . Second , there is this very annoying humming noise coming from the motor . It sounds like it 's going to take off ... . and third , each time I turned this on , it caused a strange ringing sensation in my ears and making them feel like there was pressure in my ears . Sorry , not so great .
 Outside my front door is a major 4-lane street in my city , and having lived here most of my life , I fall asleep quite easily to the ebb and flow of the evening traffic . The problem is I also have a 24-hr convenience store and several fast food places surrounding me , and in just the last year and a half , their dumpsters began getting emptied at 2:30 and 3:00 and 3:30 AM , when it 's totally silent or traffic is 1 vehicle every 20 seconds instead of a constant flow . I can sleep through a lot of traffic sounds , including city snow plows rumbling by , -LRB- because it 's another ebb and flow sound -RRB- but I ca n't help but be startled awake when huge garbage trucks bang dumpsters to empty them and then drop these heavy steel boxes onto the concrete pavement in the middle of night when the rest of the neighborhood is silent . I 've had friends who `` work nights-sleep days '' recommend a box fan , but I did n't want the added air flow , I just wanted the sound , so I purchased this item in late 2011 , hoping it would help , On it 's highest setting , it does n't mask the sound of traffic outside of my windows , let alone the more jarring noise of dumpsters being emptied next door and across the street . Once the dumpsters wake me up , it 's difficult to go back to sleep . Between the 3 garbage companies , the times vary , the nights vary , and despite working with the police to enforce the noise ordinance that the companies are violating , it 's gotten only marginally better -LRB- down to one or two nights a week vs four to six -RRB- , so I had to find a long-term solution that was dependable and more effective and one that did n't include moving to a different residence.Just the other day , I found the perfect solution . A 99-cent MP3 download here on Amazon for an hour of `` brown noise '' . -LRB- Specifically `` Super Theta Sleep '' -- Super Theta Sleep -RRB- It 's the sound of a box fan , basically . Brown noise , to me , seems a lower pitch or deeper sound than white noise . Downloaded it to my iPod , created an 7-hr playlist of it , put the iPod on my speaker/recharger dock , turned the volume up to the level just loud enough to block out traffic . Sounds just like a box fan without the cooling effect of airflow . Could n't even hear the 4-lanes of constant 10:00 PM traffic , just an even , steady sound of fan hum . But even for as loud as the brown noise was , I still was able to hear my radio-alarm come on at 4:45 AM to wake me with music without raising the radio 's volume . -LRB- The radio 's on the nightstand next to the bed , the iPod dock is on the dresser , nearer to the windows . -RRB- This `` sound conditioner '' by Marpac might be good for a baby 's room , next to a crib , to mask some noise , but for real traffic , just one of these machines is n't sufficient . I would 've needed several , all turned up to their highest volume . My 99-cent solution works much better for me . Much better volume range and control . So much better , I had to come back to THIS product 's site and give a review over a year after I purchased it , because it was so insufficient for my need .
 After reading all the rave reviews we decided to try this product , because we live in an apartment complex with noisy neighbors who often make it hard for us to study and sleep , and we were tired of having to cover up the sounds with a big old fan that blows in cold air . This purchase was a mistake . I am returning the SleepMate because it 's just awful
 I 'm sure this does the job for a lot of people - it is loud , and oddly the same loudness next to the bed or across the room ! and on low does hava an added high pitched noise , so if that bothers you - do n't do it . But the far more serious problem is that yeah , I slept right through it and the a/c fan on ... and when I woke up and turned it off , my ears are ringing louder than they have since I first got tinnitus 15 years ago . And it 's been 12 hours . I really really wanted that perfect night 's sleep others have had - but this is actually scary for me . I have n't had a noticable ringing in years ... and this is loud . So if you do suffer with the same problem , I 'd recommend an alternative - any alternative solution . Good luck to everyone !
 I got two of them . And one just stop working after having for a month . . Wtf I am pissed off we are the process of pcsing and I got these cause my son would not sleep without the fan . My other one better not do the same thing . My second review I had two stop working the same day . , and all that money in the trash . . When I get to the states I 'm going to get a new brand . . Do n't buy . . DO N'T BUY WASTE OF MONEY
 This was a fantastic little machine . However , it stopped working after only a few months . We used it each night in the baby 's room , it was turned off each morning . I am going to look for another brand , hopefully a brand that lasts a little longer .
 While this is a well-made product which does exactly what it is advertised to do , I could not get used to it . A few other reviewers said it would take time adjust . However , I could not fall asleep with it on . Having been used to the low hum of my smallish box fan for a year , the sound was too high-pitched for me . Having said that , it is a great product - wish it had worked for me .
 I was very disappointed in the Marpac Sleepmate 980A E-M Sound Conditioner . I had seen the device in numerous catalogs with marketing of being able to mask unwanted noise . But when I powered up my new machine this afternoon it did not mask or screen unwanted noise from inside or outside my house ... even at it 's high speed setting .
 There is no way this helps out with tinnitus issues even a bit nor does it mask noise it actually makes you try and focus on some other kind of noise so you can fall asleep.We bought this for 2 reasons : A. To help distract my mind from the tinnitus andB . Unfortunately the architect of the building we live in was not very considerate to say the least and the AC units are right outside the master bedroom so you can imagine the noise ... Imagine it by 12 -LRB- there are 12 apartments per tower -RRB- ... To say the least it gets very loud when they are all on !! So not only did it make me focus and hear the buzzing and ringing in my head from the tinnitus it also brought out so much stronger the noise from all the AC units because it was as though i had actually bought and put a mini AC unit in my bedroom , on my nightstand !! It was horrible !! I was so happy when we returned it because it would have been such a waste of money ... I know everyone is different and maybe some things you really must convince yourself will work but there was NO way i could do it with this !! The sound is not soothing at all , its like a constant fan noise which gets irritating when you sit next to it even when you are awake after a while.I would NOT buy again or recommend to anyone .
 This created the most annoying motor sound I have ever heard . Maybe we had a defective unit or I have a rare sensitivity , but the frequency of the noise made me feel ill . I could n't stand to be in the room with it on . It hurt my ears , it hurt my head . It did not sound soothing or natural . We returned it .
 I bought this product after reading all of the reviews . I tried it for 3 nights and could not stand the whining noise from the motor . I tried different setting and still could not get past the motor noise . I was able to return the product with no problems .
 I purchased this item after days of researching it and many other sleep machines . I was so disappointed to find out it did NOT block out all the noise from my 2 neighbors . I live in a 100 yr old house that has been converted into 3 different apartments . Wish it had volume control-that would of produced better results .
 I ordered this product because of noise problems from living above a bar and a Starbucks - I get the drunks at night and everyone chatting outside the coffee shop in the am . This product does not help at all ! It just does not make enough noise to block anything out . So now I am back to using a box fan and sleeping soundly :-RRB- . I ordered it in the hopes of retiring the box fan for something more compact but now it is sitting in a drawer collecting dust . Wish I could have returned it !
 The product works fine but it 's too quiet , even at the higher level . It might be great for a rural or quiet suburban area , but if you live in an urban area , like we do , it 's not loud enough to drown out outside noise -LRB- even with window closed , you can still clearly hear someone talking at normal speaking level 3 stories below -RRB- .
 This is a basic machine that makes background white noise , which may work for some people but for me it did n't help with nose reduction . By turning the cover you increase or decrease the area through which the noise comes through and the volume of the white noise.I found the machine that costs several times more to be more worthwhile . But I am picky especially when it comes to noise so I did n't keep the more expensive one either -LRB- more in the review of that product -RRB- .
 Ordered this to drown out the loud neighbors surrounding our daughter 's bedroom in our condo complex . For over 2 years we have used a white noise cd on repeat all night long and are tired of cd player 's motor burning out . Like the design of this product , the smooth sound , the padding on the bottom and the simplicity to use it , BUT it is not nearly as loud as we need it to be.I am shocked at all the reviews saying that it was loud enough to drown out their neighborhood noise , especially those in a condo/apt situation . I dont think this would even drown out a dog barking or knock on the door . The sound even at its loudest is barely enough to fill our daughter 's small bedroom . We will be returning this product right away . So bummed this was n't as great as it was boasted : -LRB-
 This device was pretty good , the kids loved sleeping with it running . Then I purchased a Gauss meter and discovered a whopping 400.0 mG of EMF radiating from it.Considering that most countries recommend nothing higher than 1.0 mG , and anything over 10.0 mG is considered an extreme cancer risk this is completely unacceptable.The EMF declined rapidly as the range from the device increases , effectively dropping to 0 at 6 feet . However people that put this on their nightstand should immediately rectify that situation ! The fact of the matter is , all electrical devices should always be a minimum of 5 feet away from the body in bedrooms.Even so , I question the engineering of this device if it emits such a drastic level of EMF .
 Product works fine but it is not that effective as mentioned in few reviews . It gets overheated soon . Buy a fan which makes consistence sound that might work better for your sleep .
 This white noise maker was working fine for about 3 years and then started to rattle . It was no longer producing clean white noise - - it almost sounded like a cord inside was rattling . I called Marpac and they said that it would cost $ 25 to repair . I would have to pay $ 5 + for shipping so I decided to just throw the unit away because a brand new one is about $ 50 .
 I bought this hoping it would help drowned out my newborn 's cry in the nursery for my 2 year old since they share a room . It was n't as loud as I hoped . I have been using his fan on the highest level and even that is louder than this . For 50 bucks I also expected this to be made with better quality as well .
 Do n't waste your money if you looking to block out most noises like the t.v in the next room , a lawn mower in the mornings , dogs barking ... etc. cause I could hear ALL of that ! Might be good for travel since it 's SO small but I was SHOCKED at the price for how quiet it was ! Turned my small fan on in the same room and it was the same exact loudness ! Searching for a turbo fan to create that loud `` white noise '' to block out just regular sounds due to the fact that Amazon only has two or three white noise machines to offer ... kind of amazed there is n't more of a variety !
 What can I say , I live in an apartment and sometimes I want to drown out unwanted neighbor noise . This machine has a pleasant sound to it does n't really drown out anything -LRB- I have tried adjusting the frequency -RRB- . I can still hear the bus air brakes , my neighbor 's TV , my neighbor 's footsteps , cars , dogs barking ... . well everything . It might be good if you live in a quiet place and you need some noise to fall asleep to but that 's about it . I really do wish it was louder .
 We ordered this for the nursery to block out other household sounds at night when baby is sleeping , but it is really not very loud , it only sounds like a loud fan . Not worth the money !!!!!! Buy a fan instead .
 I really wanted to like this , but I found it to be loud and annoying . If it was quieter , I think it would be good for blocking out higher frequency sounds like a neighbor 's TV , but it 's pretty overwhelming . I have even placed it far away from where I have been situated and I do n't find it to be comforting or relaxing , just annoying . I do n't think it would block out banging and definitely not low frequency sounds like a subwoofer , someone 's annoyingly low-pitched voice , or loud engines from outside .
 I was super excited to get a new sound machine as mine is on the fritz . The first night I tried it I did n't even try to fall asleep with it b/c it was more distracting than the buses I would hear the next morning . Even at it 's lowest sound setting , I could hear the motor and it was n't a soothing white noise . I 'm still searching for a new one .
 I was really disappointed with the 980a , because it is prone to making the same annoying clicks and weird inconsistent sounds that a fan makes . The first one I received worked fine for a few hours , but then started making a clicking sound when I actually was trying to go to bed . For a few days of use , it kept making annoying sounds on and off . I returned that one , and was hoping the second one would be fine . The new one , too , started making clicking sounds after a few hours . I can also really hear the inner mechanism working sometimes with the new one . I do n't really know how to describe it but it just has this annoying mechanical whurring noise on top of the whooshing fan sound . I 'm really surprised that not a single other review on Amazon mentions this sort of problem , as both of the 980a 's I received had this same flaw . With the second one I was really careful to clean the area where it would sit before I put it there , because I thought the clicks may have been because of it sucking up some contaminant , but this did not make a difference!I found these to be totally unusable as a white noise machine to help me sleep at night . It might be fine in an office or something , if you 're just looking to block noises but do n't need a completely consistent , relaxing noise . For sleeping , it 's totally useless . I 'm done trying anything that uses air to make noise , as these things are prone to making annoying sounds . I 'm now going to get some speakers for my bedroom and some pre-recorded white noise . I definitely would not recommend the 980a !
 I borrowed a white noise machine from a friend years ago when the machines were all metal - I kept it right by my bed and it produced clear white noise . So I got this one in spite of the negative feedback - but the one starrers are right - the motor is just as loud as the white noise produced . Tried it on the other side of the room and still could hear the motor .
 After reading the reviews , which seemed good I purchased this for my husband who is a day sleeper . It was quite smaller than I expected and was not loud enough to drown out any noise . The a/c unit in the room he sleeps in was much louder than the Sound Conditioner so it was of no use to us . However , I have to commend the customer service . They are great ! We had some problems tracking down the package and had to contact them . They replied quickly and even checked back with us to make sure we got our package . Later after I returned the item -LRB- which was not a problem -RRB- they sent an email confirmation to let me know the transaction -LRB- refund -RRB- had been taken care of . Even though this purchase did not work out , Hands down they are the best with customer service and we plan to order from them again soon .
 is definitely better than a fan , however does n't really help me with all the noise that disturbs my sleep -LRB- creaky floorboards , doors closing , loud trucks outside -RRB- ... would probably return it , but not sure if they 'll take it , and too lazy to find out
 My 4 month old son requires loud white noise to sleep . This machine was n't even as loud as the Vornado fan we have in his room .
 When you live in an apartment building , you 're bound to have at least one annoying neighbor and I do . I bought this hoping that it would drown out the noise but it has not really helped . Despite trying to make adjustments , I find the volume of this to either be so loud that it 's more obnoxious than the neighbor or that it 's so quiet it drowns out all noises but the neighbor . The sound is not pleasing at all . Unlike a fan that swishes the air and is easy to get used to , this is muffled and gives me a headache . Adjust the pitch to low and it sounds like a car warming up in the winter . Adjust the pitch to high and it sounds like a one note flute . And any pitch in between sounds like a low power desk fan with a sheet over it . Not worth the money at all . If you want to drown out noise , buy a box fan . If you want to hear soothing sounds , buy a sound machine complete with rain , wind , and heartbeats.UPDATE : Please comment with what has been unhelpful about this review so I can clarify . I have gotten rid of this product and replaced it with `` Lasko 20-Inch Premium Box Fan 3-SPEED '' -LRB- Lasko 3723 -RRB- . This box fan is a dream come true if you have noisy neighbors . You 'll be having many more happy dreams sleeping next to it . :-RRB- I know it 's a little weird using a box fan during the winter but it is the best noise reduction and is n't muffled like this Marpac .
 I have the Brookstone Tranquil Moments which is great but the price is double that of the SleepMate . So instead of buying another Brookstone I thought I would save a few bucks and go with the Marpac . I regret it , the sound is not loud enough to filter out early morning dog ear flapping or my husband taking a shower in the next room , both of which wakes my 7 month old . I would spend the extra money and by the Brookstone model .
 I am actually surprised by how many positive reviews this product has . I believe that due to the cheap construction quality it produces an intermittent whiny high pitched noise in addition to the constant middle and lower frequency noises it produces to create `` white noise '' . In the end , the intermittent high pitches noise of the motor inside will come and go regardless of placing padding underneath or the settings you use . I tried everything I could think of and it did n't work , so I sent it back . It could be that the unit I had was defective , but it sounds like many other people here experienced the same thing ...
 After running this product nightly for a year now I 've noticed that the sound has gradually changed . The soothing `` whooshing '' sound is now complimented by an increasingly noticeable motorized buzzing noise I find to be distracting . Adjusting the vents on the side can help eliminate the noise -LRB- by making the `` whooshing '' sound louder -RRB- but the problem is getting more apparent . I 'm afraid I will have to pitch the thing unless the problem corrects itself -LRB- an unlikely scenario in the electronics department -RRB- .
 This sound conditioner has a nice whooshing nice , but was n't loud enough for us . Our goal was to cover the household sounds so our baby could sleep without disturbance , and this machine did n't produce enough noise for that . We have an inexpensive sound machine that we can turn up much louder .
 The sound this makes is a nice , pleasing whir , but not nearly loud enough to mask noise from my neighbors ' apartments , even on the highest setting . Do the people who find this machine helpful live in New York City ?!? I had to return it and will look forward to the warm months when I can run a large , box fan on high -- nothing I 've found works as well .
 This machine has a pleasant enough sound , but even at it 's highest level , it masks very little . I 'm disappointed because of all the great reviews , yet this just wo n't work for us . We were planning on using it for our baby 's nursery -- to switch out the humidifier , & get him used to something we could travel with . However , it 's so quiet , he still hears everything outside the room . Disappointing !!
 Pros
 I bought this because I ca n't sleep without some kind of white noise . I have been sleeping with a fan on for years . I thought this would make a nice addition or replacement for that fan . I have to say I was n't impressed . Yes , it did make a sound that was pleasing to me -LRB- which is the reason for two stars -RRB- , but it just was n't loud enough . The outside and top of the unit rotate to change the pitch and to an extent the volume . No matter how I rotated these two `` options '' it did n't seem to make a significant impact on the effectiveness of the device . It just did n't drown out noise enough to justify the $ 50 dollar price tag . The device has a switch for two speeds , but I ca n't imagine that I would ever set it at the lower speed considering the higher speed is n't loud enough as is.As far as looks go , it kind of has that old-time regal hotel look to it . It is n't really ugly , but I would n't build a room around it . It is about the size of an ice-cream bowl . The product I got had a beige color deeper than the one in the picture and a white cord . Do n't think it would have killed them to match the color of the device with the cord , but that is a minor thing . The bottom has a filter for dust and what not that the instructions said should n't be covered . It seems to be glued on -LRB- although you COULD remove it -RRB- . I do n't recall if the manual said anything about changing this filter , but a quick search on Google and Amazon did n't bring up any replacements so is it gets really dirty or ripped you have to call the company and inquire about replacements . I DID say it was quick so I could have missed it.If this was around $ 20 dollars and you wanted it to meditate , study or something along those lines , I would say this is the perfect product . If you are a light sleeper and are looking for something to generate enough white noise to drown out outside noises -LRB- cars , planes , people talking , loud tvs , etc -RRB- you will not be happy with this device .
 This item makes an extremely annoying whirring noise . There is a slight rattle in the background that only goes away at the loudest volume . Sleepmate ? I highly doubt it .
 I bought this device because of the overwhelming positive reviews on here , and especially because several reviews commented on how loud it was . I used an old box fan to sleep and after it broke I wanted something that did n't pull air around the room . Unfortunately the highest setting on this device is nowhere near as loud as I need it to be . If you need loud white noise/background noise to sleep , this wo n't work for you .
 Let me preface this review with the fact that I am a very sensitive person to noise . I wear earplugs to sleep every night , and I ca n't stand the sound of individuals chomping on popcorn behind me at the movies . Sometimes even my husband 's breathing irritates me.I 'm a sensitive person - I totally get that.So - I purchased this Sleep Conditioner in hopes that it would help tune out some of the annoying noises around my house.I was EXTREMELY dissapointed with this item . It basically reminds me of the sound a very small desktop fan would make . And those cost only $ 9.99 . Even on the highest setting ... this really does n't drown out anything to my standards - I could still hear my cat inhale with this machine on.For those who are highly sensitive to noise - I personally do n't feel this would help . It may help some of those individuals who are just minorly sensitive . But this has since been given to my daughter for her room , and I will find something else to replace it . -LRB- Suggestions anyone ?? -RRB-
 I was disappointed with this white noise machine . It was no louder than a small fan , and the noise was not masking at all . I sent this back for a refund .
 Really unhappy with my purchase . Returned it immediately . De-boxed it and plugged it in . It made huge clanking noises . I tried adjusting the flow of the air , but nothing worked and it was so much louder than the sound of my fan . I am an extremely light sleeper and even the sound variation from my fan keeps me up at night . I read all the good reviews and the bad reviews and thought that it would n't hurt to try it since so many people seemed to like this product . I was really pretty much praying that this would be the answer to my sleeping problems , but it was n't .
 `` I had high hopes for this product because I must go to bed earlier than anyone else in the house . I was really hoping that it would drown out other noises and help me sleep . It may certainly work for some people , but I found the noise it made jarring and too loud . I even tried moving it across the room , but no luck . It was not soothing to me , but distracting . ''
 The machine is a little louder than I thought it would be . My husband could n't sleep with it on . I bought two and returned one but will only use it when necessary , not every night . The return was a pain to do and it cost me almost $ 10.00 to send back . Probably would n't buy from this vendor again .
 Use this with earplugs to drown out an annoying dripping noise on my ceiling . Without the earplugs , it would n't do me any good - it 's simply not loud enough to drown out the dripping . Wish it had more volume settings .
 This machine does make a very soothing sound , but it is just not loud enough to cover other noises . My family wakes us much earlier than me , and I am able to sleep because of the small floor fan that I use , but when I tried this product ... I was awake the first time one of them walked across the hall . I returned this machine .
 The white noise that comes from the air whooshing from the machine is fine but unless the cap and collar are all the way open the noise from the motor can be heard also . It 's a low pitched noise and I found it very distracting . I got the dual speed one and this happens at both speeds . I thought the machine itself was too loud and so I wanted it on the lower speed and with the collar turned a bit to put out less noise but this made the noise from the motor too distracting . I tried putting it farther away but the low pitched noise from the motor travels better so that did n't help . I returned it and intend to get an electronic device where I can get pure white noise with a volume control .
 It made the noise but not what I thought it would after reading all the reviews . My box fan does a lot better then the item I bought . I returned it the same week.It would have to make a lot more noise to be efficent .
 The unit works as it is says in the description . Another web site listed it as a good item for tinnitus . It does diddly squat for someone with tinnitus . As for background white noise , it works just fine .
 This sound conditioner is much , much quieter than they used to be several years ago . I would not recommend it since most home noises come through even when the conditioner is turned all the way up .
 I purchased this itemMarpac SleepMate 980A Electro-Mechanical Sound Conditionerthrough Amazon in Oct last year . It worked great for 8 months and now it just quit . Amazon gave me a number for the manufacturer to discuss a refund/replacement and they informed me they do n't make it anymore . So I am out the money I spent on the item plus the item does n't work . $ 50 disposalable white noise machines are a little too rich for me .
 I bought this white-noise machine sound-unheard -LRB- the aural equivalent of sight-unseen ? -RRB- . I 've heard many white-noise machines before -- this one is of poorer quality -- it 's TOO LOUD at its quietest . I would not recommend it .
 This device has two settings - very loud and considerably louder . The loudness in decibels is n't rated in the product listing , but it 's much like having a V8 engine running in one 's bedroom . I was only able to use it by turning it on the lower setting and shutting it in my closet . The SleepMate 980A is not appropriate for anyone who is not already partially deaf .
 For me this product is too loud even at its lowest adjustment I am a light sleeper and I bought this to block out the noise from my neighbors but I ca n't fall asleep because the noise is too loud . Just my opinion .
 I live in an apartment with paper-thin walls and ceilings . A single mother with a newborn moved in upstairs and I have not been able to get adequate sleep for months now . The baby cries at all hours of the night and the woman is just as bad . She is up at 5am until 8am thumping around like Jurassic Park with her thunder thighs , then sleeps all day long and awakens at 4pm to the sound of her crying baby and is up again until midnight . She stomps around so badly that the walls shake and the popcorn ceiling falls from the sky . I purchased the sound machine in hopes that it would block out the elephant noise but unfortunately at full blast it is still too quiet to mask the Serengeti .
 Makes a lot of noise but does not seem to block other noises per myself . My husband believes in it but I do n't . Can not seem to get it to make ocean noises or any other kind except a buzzing noise .
 I have used a fan to shield my bedroom from outside noise for years , but my wife complains it makes her cold and gives her a sore throat . I bought this to try and make us both happy . This is just not loud at all . A good description of it would be whisper quiet .
 We were amazed how something that was supposed to provide soothing white noise produced a noise like that of a train going by . Very loud and annoying .
 There are some benefits to this device
 Not worth the effort to order . Please tell me how to return this Dohm-ds dual speed etc. item as I am very unhappy with this item .
 Ours broke within 72 hours of use . Most US manufacturers use brute force to create `` quality . '' There 's not much innovation in this product and other sound machines with a variety of selections are more useful than this machine for a newborn or young kids . Do n't put your faith in this company or its products ... you 'll be disappointed . Again , ours broke within hours of use . American quality ... whatever ...
 Does not block any sound . The volume is so low it does n't help at all . Would have been nice if there was a jack for external speakers .
 This machine may work for some people , but it kept me awake all night . I purchased it to mask the sounds of my snoring spouse , but all it did was add to the noise level in the room . I placed it in several different locations in my bedroom but it did n't help . I finally decided to place it in the shipping box and return it . So much for the `` natural '' method - I guess my next step will be sleep-aid drugs .
 This item started off great . As of October 22nd it no longer is working . Motor is 100 % shorted out . I ohmed it out and all is well to the motor.I do not suggest this item for longevity .
 Used to use similar device from Hammacher Schlemmer , and loved it . Lasted many many years , and in four different homes . More recently , have used a Brookstone digital unit that just died . So I ordered the Dohm-dual speed with a happy recollection of the Hammacher similar unit , but this Dohm unit is MUCH too loud , even on the `` low '' setting . Anywhere in the bedroom . So I returned it for inconsistency with the webpage description . Have moved on to theMarpac TSC 330 Travel Sound Conditioner , and it is great ; excellent volume and sound adjustments .
 When I received my Dohm and plugged it in , it definitely made the white noise sound . But if you are sensitive to noise or have exceptionally good hearing , you may notice this also makes a sort of mechanical &#34; whirr &#34; sound that is very unsettling . I returned the item and just bought a small clip fan instead - works much better .
 In fact , this machine stopped working within a few hours . When it was working it provided a decent noise level but whithin a few hours it just went dead . I sent it back for a replacement hoping that the new one would actually work .
 I bought this item for my infant sons nursery , he slept with us for 6 months and was quite used to our sound conditioner . My Mom purchased one for her house and it worked really well . We used ours for about a month before it started making an annoying clanking noise . The only way I can stop this noise is by turning the unit on its side or placing a towel under it so it is at an angle . When I have it on its side it is very slow to start up and sometimes will only work in the faster mode . I am sure it is not designed to work on its side but the clanking noise is horrible . The idea is to cancel out noise and create a calming white noise - so disappointed in this product . I would have returned it but it was already out of its return period by the time the problem occurred .
 The -LRB- somewhat adjustable -RRB- sound this thing makes is soothing ... until the bearings go bad . Then you get irritating bearing noises . I had mine for less than two years before I had to start wearing earplugs to muffle the bearing noise . Admittedly , the thing has been knocked off my nightstand a couple times.I 'd pay twenty five dollars for a replacement , but not the asking price .
 I bought one to help deal with the folks at work . I sit in a cubicle all day and was about to loose it listening to all the loud , click-clack keyboards , mouse clicking and scrolling , phone conversations , bad eating manners and etc. . It was suggested that I get a white noise machine . Well ... it did n't help . You can still hear everything that you wish you did n't have to listen to all day . It sounds like a loud fan running and I agree with the woman that said that the design/color is just awful . I had to hide the machine on my desk to prevent the starring as people walked by .
 I purchased this item hoping it was similar in sound to a vaccum or hair dryer to help my 1 month old daughter sleep . Instead it sounded like the soft hum of a fan . Not near loud enough or high enough in pitch to make a difference in her abiity to sleep . The machine did work when I plugged it in . It just was n't what I was looking for .
 This product does make a pleasant backround noise similar to a fan , but it also has a horrible metallic rattling noise that is enough to drive you crazy . Unfortunately , the rattle is so obvious it was all I could focus on -- worse than nails on a chalkboard !!
 If you do n't mind the room being robbed of all humidity , then this machine will work well for you . I like the white noise quality , but I wake up feeling all dried up .
 High expectations breed disappointment . This was a high ticket item for me and I was looking forward to it . It was way too loud for me , disturbingly so . Still on the search for a better machine .
 I returned it . I found the volume almost useless for my purposes of wishing a &#34; White Noise &#34; - tuning out the sound .
 I think you will either love this , or hate this item depending on your sound preference . I classify the sound made by this item as `` noise '' , it is not relaxing at all like wind blowing through trees or waves crashing . Some compare the sound to a fan , but it is n't this either , a fan has a whooshing sound as the blades slowly spin , this is just a constant `` noise '' . As for masking sounds , it kind of does this at its highest setting , but then it is super annoying . Side slider adjusts for intensity of sound , top adjusts for pitch of sound . If too quiet then the motor is heard . Buy it and see what you think - it interrupted my sleep instead of aiding it .
 I purchased this item when it was the &#34; Deal of the Day &#34; on Amazon . I was excited to try it as I 'm one of the people who sleeps well during summer when the AC is humming at night . I was excited when it arrived , only to find that it makes a noisy motor sound which even the white noise of the air rush can not hide . I 've tried it at various air rush vent positions , but the noise of operation still comes through . It 's loud enough to make the machiine useless for sleep . I sent an email to the company asking if this was normal , and even though they state on their web page that they will get back to your email within 48 hours , I still have had no response . That was several weeks ago and I have still had no response from them , either by phone or email . I was very disappointed with this item and at almost $ 50. , it was not worth the money since it does not function as described . I doubt , the noise coming from this machine , would not help anyone sleep .
 I 'm writing this right in the midst of a gout attack . I was taking the Solaray tart cherry extract caps according to the instructions on the bottle . It did not prevent the attack from happening . Gout lore has it that increasing dosage during an attack can stop it . I increased dosage but the gout did not stop . However , the severity of the attack was dramatically reduced upon taking 2x25mg of indomethacin.The Solaray tar cherry extract may be useful for something else but not gout .
 Product was about to expire . They r selling old product . I do n't know how they can get away with that
 I used this product , because I have become extremely constipated during my present pregnancy . It was a big mistake . I took 3 tablets -LRB- the advised dose was 2-4 tablets -RRB- and had several hours of very painful cramping . I was literally lying down on the floor of my bathroom , trying my best not to cry out in pain . It was such an awful experience . That is the last time I 'm taking a stimulant laxative.I have had much better -LRB- not to mention , painless -RRB- results with a cocktail of stool softeners -LRB- Colace -RRB- and an osmotic laxative -LRB- Miralax -RRB- .
 i wanted the crinkled padding but received the smooth . i am not happy with it .
 I have not used any of this the smell is too much , I have tried applying with a cotton ball but still I do n't like the smell
 THIS SMELLS WORSE THAN THE SPRAY BOTTLE !!!! IT REMINDS ME OF BODY ODOR WITHOUT DEODORANT . OH MY GOD , I HAVE NEVER PUT UP A REVIEW FOR SOMETHING THAT TO ME IS THAT BAD BUT THIS IS ONE OF THEM . I HAVE NOTHING AGAINST THE VENDORS AT ALL BUT SOMEBODY NEEDS TO BE HONEST IN HOW BAD THIS STUFF SMELLS AND NOT BE DOOPED INTO BUYING THIS LIKE I WAS THINKING THE REVIEWS WERE REALLY DEAD ON ... I WAS SOOOOOOO WRONG WITH THIS ONE !!!! DO N'T LISTEN TO THE REVIEWS , THIS ONE STINKS SO BAD !!!!
 I use black seed for my health and so look for seeds that are fresh , larger and naturally full of the valuable and healthy black seed oil . These were smaller , not fat and robust and when I ground them , the blackseed meal hardly stuck together which it usually does when the seeds are oily and robust . Not so great for my purposes .
 This is a cheap imitation of the Scannon Product and does not even come close to the original . This is bottled in Delray Beach , Florida by Palm Beach Beaute , LLC
 When I buy something that the Amazon web page says `` Ships from and Sold by Amazon '' and qualifies as Prime I expect it to actually come from an Amazon warehouse and really be the product as depicted . This version of Kanon came from a third party out of Florida , did not look like the picture -LRB- it was greenish not brownish , both packaging and the aftershave itself -RRB- . The product I bought last year came out of Quebec Canada and was the closest to the original of 40 years ago and acceptable . This product was so bad my wife refused to let me use it.Secondly , nowhere on the web page did Amazon warn me that it was NOT returnable and also nowhere during the order process did Amazon warn that it was considered hazardous and NOT returnable . Amazon verbally told me it was flamable . I poured some into a metal container and held an open flame to it and it would NOT burn at all ! Plus , it makes no sense that people would put a hazardous product all over their face , and it is OK to ship to me but not back ! Go figure?Finally , after personally speaking by phone , Amazon did come through with a full refund , so they will continue to be my number one shopping source . Although , I hope someone at Amazon fixes the `` Ships and Sold by Amazon '' problem I described above . But I see now that they have added at least a warning about NOT Returnable on the product web page . But beware , there are still other aftershave/cologne product pages that still do not warn that it is NOT returnable.UPC
 I tried Alcis Pain Refief Cream . No luck for me . I 've fared much better with Flexall Gel -LRB- and Rite-Aid generic version of same -RRB- / It has a fragrance which is disturbing . I thought that the product was fragrance-free . I have n't gotten any relief from neck stiffness .
 This product is a waste of time & money . ALCiS did not work me . It just laid there and did nothing when it comes to pain . A heating pad works better than ALCiS .
 Not satified with new model , I fell older model was more responsive , had better features , simpler to store cuff . Only replaced it because of usb connection broke internally -LRB- same type on newer model -RRB-
 The software for this device is not compatible with any version of Windows Vista and I have been unable to find any updated drivers for it .
 I bought one of these from Costco . The USB cable would not fit into the device . I called the help line . They immediately acknowledged that I had probably received a unit with the wrong cable and sent me a new one . A computer technician looked into the jack on the device , told me that the guts of the jack were completely missing and that there could be no cable that would fit -- that I had bought a defective machine . I bought a second machine and the cable would not fit in either the old or the new one . These were made in China . Microlife probably knows all about this defect and allows them to be sold anyway . A Cheat . Karl Loren
 My heart rate when I had extremely high blood pressure was 180/95 consistently with a pulse of about 85-90 and a resting heart rate of about 65 . The device was accurate when my heart rate was up in `` normal '' zones . After about 6 or 7 months , of being put on beta-blockers , ACE inhibitors to lower blood pressure . My heart rate become 50-60 range and my blood pressure was 135/85 consistently with a resting heart rate of about 45 . I would take my BP every morning . As my heart rate started to reach the low 50s and below , it would CONSISTENTLY give an Irregular Heartbeat warning on EVERY time I used it . However , if my heart rate was EVER above 55ish during the day , it would never give this indicator . I tested this several times , several times a day . This device has caused nothing but anxiety for me as I did countless visits to the ER and family doctor and countless EKGs to determine if I had something wrong with my heart -LRB- other than my high BP obviously -RRB- everything came back normal.I 've tried a couple other blood pressure machines that have Irregular Heartrate monitors and NONE of them have ever thrown a warning , even when my heartrate is 42-49 resting -LRB- early morning -RRB- . This device originally cost me $ 103.00 , but after all the hospital bill and doctor co-pays , it ended up costing about $ 3000.00 . If you have a low resting heart rate or low heart rate ingeneral , DO NOT use this product , unless you can live with the Irregular Heartbeat warning showing up on each reading .
 I tested this device while my doctor took my blood pressure . In 3 out of 3 times the machine was more than 20 % off .
 First let me say that I 've owned my WatchBP Home for over three years . As far as the physical product goes , I have no complaints . The concern I wish to pass on to any potential users of this product is to be cautious of buying it , if you intend to monitor your blood pressure using the included software . The main reason I bought this product was because it purported to allow you to connect and download your results onto your computer , to track and share with your doctor . Sadly , MicroLife -LRB- WatchBP -RRB- were very unclear about exactly which computer systems would work when I made my purchase . On their website the details still are n't much better documented , you 'll have to dig.Despite my experience , this product also has poorly supported software development and tech support . In fact , it does n't exist . After numerous email exchanges and phone calls , the promises made to me , still after three years , have never materialized . There was no attempt to support any software platform besides Windows/Vista . Macintosh/Apple users are out of luck . Even the promise to have a web-based product , never happened . I imagine that this is because any R&D ; goes into product development , not software support . Twice , I was told by different people at Microlife , that their software engineer was working on a native Mac version , and it would be out in a few months . Nothing ever materialized . The lame excuses of `` very few people use Macintosh / Apple products '' is fallacious and unsupported these days . Any product that requires you to run a Windows software emulator just to function , is primitive and should be avoided.So please be cautious , if your intentions for this product go beyond just taking your BP measurement . There may be better products , and at a cheaper price , that work just fine .
 We had high hopes when purchasing this bp monitor , after reading the reviews . However , it has been a big dissappointment . It is reading 25 points higher on the upper number . We took it to two different doctor 's offices and had the same results . It seems to be irratic , too . We will be returning it . We have an Omron that we have had for about 12-15 years , and it still reads correctly and is stable with its readings.Microlife 3AC1-PC Premium Blood Pressure Monitor With IHD-MAM & PC Download
 The product that is being sold by Grady 's Online is n't the same item as the photo shown . It is an extremely poor quality product that is n't even a US made product , as the title would indicate . It 's made in China ! I 'm a professonal flooring company owner and this is by far the worst lambswool refill pad I have ever seen .
 I got this shaver for Christmas after having problems with Braun 's Synchro cleaner . After not shaving for a couple days it takes forever to get a close shave . It does eventually shave close but misses longer , softer hairs so I wound up with little hairs scattered all over . It also pulverizes your beard and redeposits the shavings on your face ... this morning I looked like I worked in a coal mine after my 10 minute -LRB- yes ... TEN MINUTES ! -RRB- shave . The pop-up trimmer was also worthless trimming sideburns and trying to catch those missed hairs mentioned above . It 's MUCH louder than my Braun , you ca n't shave with it plugged in ... the only good thing about it is comfort . . and if you have 10-15 minutes to shave it does eventually get you a close shave .
 I got this razor for Christmas in '06 and was excited about all I had heard about it . It does do a good job of shaving close and not leaving razor burn or irritation . The problem comes when you use it for a few months and the trimmer starts to pop up while you are trying to shave . I eventually -LRB- after only 4 months -RRB- had to remove the trimmer . By 8 months the foils were breaking down and getting gashes in them , and I do n't press very hard when shaving . I emailed Remington 's customer service 3 weeks ago with this information and have gotten NO reply . I would at least expect them to replace this razor with a new one since their beard trimmer is defective and pops up every time I shave . NO response as of yet . Bottom line ... it is far too expensive for this type of failure and lack of customer service .
 Remington does not present a true representation of this product on the box . Namely , this razor will NOT run while connected to an outlet . If the battery runs dead , you can not shave . Please note the amazon representation above that there is a 5-minute reserve battery is also false . Both features , the 5-minute reserve and the running from cord feasibility are both true only for the more expensive MS-5200 series .
 When I first bought the Remington 5100 I was quite pleased - it cut well and gave me a smooth shave . However , it has this annoying habit of slicing through the foils after about 4 or 5 weeks . As it cuts through the foils it pretty much trashes the blades . I took it to a remington shop and I was told that this was ordinary wear - and so I can only report that Remington is not really very durable and is want of frequent part replacements . Good razor when its working but with a fairly high need for maintenance
 This razor barely shaves my face . I shave every few days and my scruff is rarely very thick but this shaver fails to get it . I have to use it for over five minutes to get a good shave but I do n't since that long irritates my face . With my old trifoil razor I got much better results .
 I have shaved with four generations of Remington foil shavers -LRB- Over 35 years -RRB- , and I have loved them . Not this one . It does not shave as close as any of the previous shavers . They were always noisy , but this one is really noisy and feels cheap compared to the older models . The small third head has half the cutters and really does not work well . More important , the shaver is harder to clean than any of the previous versions , and this was always a drawback . The manual is silent on whether you can clean it under the facet , but it does not look like you can . Also , it does not run while plugged in ; it only runs on the battery . The manual advises that you run the battery almost all the way down before recharging it . Of course , if you do that the quality of the shave you get deteriorates as the battery dies , and when it does die you have to wait 8 hours till it recharges to shave . I always liked these shavers , but this one is a real bad design , works poorly , its noisy , and feels cheap .
 I received this razor several years ago as a gift . It shaved well , but it recently broke . The latch that holds the shaver head on is merely a 2 thin ridges on each side that eventually wore out . I attempted to replace this part by calling Remington . They told me no fix is available , and I must purchase a new razor . The razor was perfectly good up until this happened . So I followed Remington 's advice , and bought another razor , but NOT A REMINGTON ! My new razor -LRB- Norelco -RRB- is much quieter and has a lithium battery . It shaves closer -LRB- I feel -RRB- and is more solidly constructed . This razor works well but has design flaws . There are better razors out there for the bucks .
 A couple months after purchasing this remington ti ms5100 , I noticed that it became painfull to shave . It feels like it is grinding the hair from my face and I dare not use it on my neck again . I had to switch back to my 2 year old panasonic that while low on power , it is quite quite sharp -LRB- atleast sharper than the remington -RRB- This is my first and last remington product . I just placed an order for a newer panasonic.Remington MS5100Pros
 I have had the Remington MS 5100 for a few years ; Postiives : - Decent closeness of shave - Easy to hold ; nice grip and design - Easy to cleanNegatives : - Beard trimmer sucks - awkward design , not easy for around ears or neck - Third foil that extends out sucks -- pulls hairs , not shaves hairs - Battery duration/ife drained quickly ; requiring use while plugged in - Battery is irreplaceable !! Argh . So , now , when I travel , I have to take the cord and ensure I have a plug near a mirror . - The razor is TOO young to be at the end of its life . Pisses me off . I got 2 to 3 years use out of this razor before it ended up in a state where my previous 2 Brauns took 6 to 7 years . I 'm going back to Braun.My users manual is copyrighted 2005 . I bought it new in either 2005 or 2006 . Well , it is fall 2008 , and my battery no longer holds a charge . I 've unscrewed the components , only to discover that the battery is not replaceable ! Argh . Previously , I had two Brauns which lasted me over 6 years each .
 I received the bars and they were all white and old tasting . I had purchased one at a health store and really liked it , this is why I ordered a box of them . They ended up not being any cheaper and surely was n't as good
 At first I thought it was helping , but then it 's not . . Just try to stretch the calves manually every morning instead of buying this one.Excercise !! But anyways , thanks to allegro they were able to ship it fast !
 I bought this model because it looks so light , which made me think it will be more comfortable . It turned out to be the opposite . Because there is less material in contact with the skin , there is more pressue on those spots that are . I tried it for a couple of nights and it did n't work for me .
 I 've been using the A-Force Dorsal Night Splint on my right foot every night since Christmas -LRB- 11 weeks ago -RRB- for a case of acute plantar fasciitis that I 've had for over a year and a half . There 's been no improvement in the foot I wear the splint on . However , my other foot is as good as new ! -LRB- And yes , I stretch , wear podiatrist recommended inserts , and follow general treatment regimen my podiatrist suggests -RRB- . One problem with the splint seems to be that it 's way too loose to fit my foot , even when tightened to the max , though my foot -LRB- women 's size 7 -RRB- falls exactly in the middle of the size range for the small brace -LRB- which is supposed to fit women 's size 5-9 -RRB- . Additionally , the splint holds the foot in a very relaxed position -- I wake up with pointed ballerina toes some mornings , which is sure not to help with healing and is something I 'd expect a splint like this to prevent!My guess is if this product `` works '' for someone , it is pure coincidence . After all , if I 'd worn the splint on my left foot instead of my right foot , I 'd have thought it worked great , since my left foot healed while my right foot did n't . -LRB- How ironic that the foot that is as bad as ever is the one in the splint ! -RRB- All in all , most people who would try a splint like this have probably been doing their plantar fascia exercises , stretching , icing , wearing inserts , etc , just like their podiatrist has told them to . I suspect that if someone 's foot heals while they 're wearing this splint , it 's probably the exercises , stretches , ice and inserts that deserve the credit , not the splint!I 'd say , save your money , forget about this splint !
 Make sure you read the fine print on this . Since it 's shipped from Florida , it can not be returned due to some medical device law . It is too expensive to not allow returns . I learned the hard way . For it to truly position your foot correctly , the back straps along the calf cut into your leg . It is so uncomfortable . It needs to be extremely tight to be in the right place , and then it 's as if you have a tourniquet on your leg.I have suffered from plantar fascitis for a year and a half , and would try anything for the pain to go away . THIS IS NOT THE ANSWER !!! My mom has one similar that has one large , padded strap that goes behind your calf . It is comfortable , however , we are unsure of brand.For no returns , Amazon should have big , bold red print before you check out . I emailed the seller via Amazon to ask for a refund and was denied . You better be sure you 're going to love this before you spend $ 70 !!!!! JUST RECHECKED ORDERING SITE
 I have been searching for a perfect foot splint for a few years now . This is not a perfect solution . It is restrictive , and does not conform to the shape of the foot very well . The hard plastic form is cut from sheet plastic and has some sharp edges , and the padding does not protect the entire foot . The split nature of the toe form causes some tight fit issues , and circulation problems during extended wear . I have tried Cool Stretch boot forms , Dorsal Night Splint and Dorsal PF Night Splint by Alimed.The Dorsal PF Night Splint wins hands down for comfort , ease of use , and wearability .
 This cuff works OK at first ... then as the fabric wrinkles , it has a problem -LRB- because of the metal bar -RRB- of bunching up . Not only is this extremely painful , because it causes the cuff to pinch your arm and cut off circulation , but it also causes error messages on the machine , comes out with irregular heartbeat reading -LRB- because it 's not monitoring the heartbeat efficiently -RRB- , and it gets shoddy results . I 've tried to use it correctly , had this happen , and go to the doctor shortly after and found out that the results of the machine were completely innacurate.Unfortunately , the only thing I 've found to do when this starts happening is buy a new cuff , since it is slightly stiffer and resistant to wrinkling and bunching when it is fresh out of the packaging .
 We have to keep our finger over the valve to keep it from leaking in order to use the cuff . Not sure what the value of the additional valve is . There does not appear to be any directions included .
 I bought the microlife maybe three or four years ago . The base unit works good and is very easy to operate . However I have blown out two arm cuffs and had to replace them . Since the base unit is so spendy i am locked into having to replace the cuffs as they blow out until the base unit goes out . I ca n't compare to other brands because i 've never owned any other . I give the base unit 5 stars and their weak cuffs 2 stars .
 I had the Microlife blood pressure unit for two years . The unit works fine but the blood pressure cuffs fails . I have replaced the cuff 4 times in the past two year . It seems the value has a short life span . Air escapes when it should not do so . The end result is the unit can not gather enough air to read a blood pressure . The cheapest I have found these cuffs are $ 15.00 plus shipping and once I had to pay $ 29.00 and shipping . So over the past 2 years Microlife blood pressure cuffs have cost me about $ 106.00 extra including shipping . The unit cost me $ 60.00 . The grand total for two years is $ 166.00 just to take my blood pressure . This cost is not acceptable . I learned to take my blood pressure with a regular blood pressure cuff , it is not difficult to learn and I am told much more accurate . A pretty good regular blood pressure kit can be bought for around $ 20.00 . My niece -LRB- a nurse -RRB- says these manual cuffs last for many years . Microlife blood pressure cuffs are clearly designed to fail so customers are locked into an unending circle of continued expense .
 I ordered the above thinking it would fit a gauge and pump that I used on another large cuff . It did not -- it is designed for specific electronic equipment.I sent it back for a refund and found the refund system works well at amazon . Good quality for the right equipment , but not what I needed .
 I wanted to purchase one extra large cuff and wound up receiving 2 for some reason . I was able to sale one of them to a friend but this one wound up being exactly the same one I already had on the machine to begin with . It was the same size so I now have to return to item for credit .
 This cuff is NOT large . It can not be adjusted beyond a certain diameter . Unless your arm is very slim this is NOT the cuff for you . The pain was intense and I had a band of bruises around my upper arm for a week after my first try.In addition , the company that sent it , HerbsPro , would NOT let me return it . Amazon also refused to let me send it back . Be warned there are NO Return policies in the fine print at both Amazon and their contracted distributors . Next time I 'll deal with a big-box drug store that allows returns if the product does not work for the customer . It 's called Customer Service !
 The product is okay when it the cuff not leaking . Used it for several months and the cuff start leaking again around the same spot as the original it replaced . works great when everything works properly along with software . My doctor likes the printout of my pressures which greatly helped me with controlling my high blood pressure . Would recommend this product if they would solve the leaks that develop after being used for several months . I used it 2 times a day every day .
 For some reason the manufacturers of these cuffs fail to realize that some people have bigger arms than 17 '' . I am a power lifter and I absolutely can not find a cuff that will work for me . Frustrating . I loved my Microlife unit back when I could use it .
 THE BATTERY COSTS SELLERs 5 CENTS EACH.tHE BATTERY is as cheap quality as you can getExpect to only last few months on light load
 It is very annoying when a person types the name of a product in and gets multiple hits back from Amazon . In this case , I typed in the name of a battery I needed , the Sony SR920W and got two hits from Amazon . I gravitated toward the cheaper of the two items I found from the search and ordered it . It turned out to be Sony 626SW . I did not realize until I got the battery that it was wrong . So I ended up wasting $ 6.75 and two weeks . I threw them out and ordered the correct ones from Battery Bob , who sent me the wrong ones . It was Amazon 's fault , not Battery Bobs , for giving two selections for one search . Amazon is so bent on selling stuff that it gives multiple hits even to specific search terms . It is annoying .
 Worked fine for a few days . Then my watch started running a little slow with this battery . Within a week it was losing 5 minutes a day . I stopped wearing the watch last week because it 's so far off I ca n't count on it . I e-mailed the seller with my complaint , they sent a replacement battery at no charge . The new battery is working fine .
 i was very pleased with he price , but i guess it was too good to be true . battery lasted about 1 month in my watch . i ended up having to go to the store and buy one that cost more ...
 Sealed card-pack battery , received in regular envelope -LRB- Almost shredded as `` junk mail '' - but noticed a small bump in corner -RRB- ; took over a week to get here . If you 'd need to get your watch running ASAP go somewhere else . If ordering a spare OK .
 Several years ago I bought this product from Hammacher Schlemmer . It was excellent until the beginning of this year when it would start the process and then suddenly fail and show an x mid-screen . NO blood pressure reading . I replaced the batteries , of course . Still it failed.Went to Amazon.com and found the same model , about $ 20 less than the earlier price . Ordered and received it . Now , just a few weeks after I began using it , it is already showing the x mid-screen and failing.This means I have to dig out the purchase records and return it to Hammacher Schlemmer , who , in their most recent catalog have a NEWER version that is much more expensive!I 'm 89 , do NOT enjoy this process one bit . DISAPPOINTED ! is a mild word for it ... Grace Stewart
 The device seems to work , but the accompanying software and directions for its use are abysmal . I am a former software engineer , and it still took me considerable time playing with the software and the USB connection to get things to work . The directions for using the PC-Link are basically useless . The directions do n't even tell a user that he must set the unit to PC-Link to start transmissions . This may be obvious to someone with a software background , but I 'd be willing to bet that it 's not obvious to the typical user.The unit can handle up to two users , and my wife and I both use it . However , it is very easy to forget to set it to the correct user before taking the measurement . That , of course , fouls up the stored set of measurements , and there appears to be no way to correct such a mistake . The unit has no warnings or safeguards to make sure that you are set on the correct user when taking a measurement.Also , the batteries do not last very longOh , yes , after uninstalling and installing the software three times , the install software neglected to put the help files -LRB- not very useful anyway -RRB- in place on the hard drive.All in all , I would not recommend this unit . It was a great idea . Taking your blood pressure from the wrist is certainly more convenient and being able to download to your PC and plot data is a great idea . Unfortunately , in the case of the Microlife 3AX1-4U , the execution of those ideas is marginal at best .
 I was looking forward to the convenience of this wrist unit , and the ability to download scores , but I found it reads too high consistently . Microlife even replaced it quickly with a new one , but it also reads too much higher than my arm cuff unit . I will only use it in an emergency and will subtract 10-20 points from the BP values . -LRB- Also if the battery expires , you lose all the readings and settings . -RRB-
 The device is easy to use and very portable . But , it has been many years since I 've encountered such poorly designed and buggy software . Many features are not usable ... for example
 I have had the unit for a month or so now . It reads consistantly high by 25 mmHg or so when I compare to readings on my Omron meter or the Albertson 's meter .
 This protein is the worst-tasting I have tried so far . I 've tried mixing it with water , skim milk , and even in a shake , but I had trouble getting past the taste . I would n't buy this brand again !
 This was not what i was looking for , not easy to use and was bigger then i thought it would be . I needed something to set on my counter , this is in the way . Hard to open .
 I was hoping this would be a great substitute for the more expensive nicotine lozenges , which I am using . But unlike the latter , these dissolve almost immediately and completely in your mouth and the residual affect has a shorter span . For someone with better mind-over-matter control , they might do the trick . But for those who need ` hard core ' , go to commit or different store 's generics .
 I never had a chance to see if these worked , I could n't handle the flavor of the lozenges for even a minute before I had to spit them out . I tried to have one twice . If you do not have an easy gag reflex they may work out for you . As for me , the flavor and texture had me so distracted , by the time I 'd spit it out I 'd already forgotten about my craving . I ended up quitting still w/o lozenges or gum .
 The documentation that comes with the product states a 220 weight capacity , not 250 pounds as described online . There is also a warning not to exceed weight limit . Back it goes .
 I did n't heed the warnings of others when they said to stay away from the vanilla . At the time they had a much better deal on the vanilla over the chocolate so I went ahead and ordered it . At first I thought `` ehh . . its not so bad . . I 'll get used to it '' But it was the opposite . The more I used it , the more it disgusted me.Now I did make some smoothies with the vanilla that tasted just fine , but only because the flavor was diluted with fruit and whatnot . So if you plan on making smoothies with vanilla then I would say go for it . -LRB- Although I would just get Any Whey or some other un-flavored whey so you could control the taste a little better . -RRB- I tried mixing it with different liquids . Milk , soy milk , flavored soy milk , etc. , but nothing could get rid of the awful vanilla flavor . So by the end of the 5 pound tub I just mixed it with as little water as I could and would shoot it down in one gulp.I 'm ordering the chocolate right now ... hopefully I wo n't have the same issue.BTW
 I have ordered whey many times and never had a problem but this last one -- it is horrible tasting , I was very disappointed with this product.optimum Nutrition 100 O/0 whey gold standard natural whey
 I did not care for the taste , slightly artificial and bitter which I think is due to the fact that it is sweetened in part with a Steva derivative . I will not order again .
 I bought this product new , however the seal was open already ! The seller should not have labeled this new and then sent me an open sealed container . Beware of this seller everyone . I am worried if this container was tampered with now . And there is no scoop inside the container ! Beware again . I 'm going to return this item .
 I was suggested by somebody to try this . I tried chocolate variety.Following are my findings after using this product for a while :1 . I never felt it is working .2 . I have had some stomach upsets after using this . In the beginning , I did not understand why I am getting frequent stomach upsets . I did some research on internet and came to know that many other people have experienced similar problems with protein powders . After discontinuing this product , my stomach upsets stopped . So I am convinced that this product is not for me.I am not saying that these products do n't work as many people claim that they work.But , for me , natural sources of protein like eggs , yogurt , milk are more effective than all these company made products . Now I lost confidence not just on this brand , but on all brands of protein powders .
 The item was missing half its contents . The seal was put back on to appear as if it was meant to be this way . The worst part is I did n't realize this until after I had been using it for a while and I saw my buddies brand new one . By that time it was too late to return to Amazon and get it replaced . Overall a bogus deal .
 I have been using this product for more than a few months and have enjoyed it ; it seems to work . However , the other day I happened to come across some information on Aspartame which was a bit frightening , especially considering how much of this product I have consumed.I had known before from reading various sources that Aspartame is very unhealthy for our bodies , and I have always avoided it . What I had n't known was that the main ingredients in Aspartame are Aspartic Acid , Phenylalanine , and Glutamate & Precursors . This reminded me of what I had read on the Typical Amino Acid Profile portion of the Gold Standard `` Natural '' 100 % Whey Powder ; it contains 2508 mg . Aspartic Acid , 748 mg . Phenylalanine , and 4082 mg . Glutamine & Precursors.Hmm ... do I even need to state my point or have you drawn the conclusion already by yourself ? I would HIGHLY suggest NOT using this product if you care about your health -LRB- I assume you do if you are buying this product in the first place -RRB- and always making sure to read labels and check out information on anything you consume ; I know I will certainly be more vigilant about that now . I am hopeful that others will read this review and do the research for themselves before poisoning themselves like I seem to have done .
 I have ordered `` ON Whey Protein , 100 % Natural Whey , Chocolate Flavor '' from Amazon -LRB- shipped from Amazon -RRB- and I have received the older Tub -LRB- not the new look in the picture -RRB- . What bothers me is that although the plastic cover was there and I had to cut it from around the lid , the seal under the cover was already peeled out -LRB- exists but not sticking at all -RRB- . Not sure why this happened , if Amazon should replace it for me or is it safe to use it as is , any ideas ?
 With high hopes , I tried the vanilla flavored Natural Whey . Disgusting ! WAY too sweet -- almost inedible for my tastes . And the vanilla flavoring is too strong as well . What were they thinking?Still searching for a good quality whey protein with nothing artificial AND without added flavoring or sweetener . -LRB- Update
 I absolutely LOVED the original chocolate flavor of the whey protein ... so i figured ` Hey why not try out the Natural whey ' so i received it in the mail and was super excited to try it out . PFFFF to my dismay it tasted NOTHING like the original . it was chalky like , bitter ... blahhh if returning items were easier i would have definitely done that . Looks like im stuck with 2 lbs of bitter/chalky whey for a while.Only reason i put 2 stars is because of the company ; i know its giving my body what it needs but ... if youre looking for a yumming tasting whey or you think it will taste like the original . im warning you IT TASTES LIKE CRAP
 I 'm a fan of the line , I love the chocolate , but this vanilla was too fake tasting and too strong tasting . Vanilla should be subtle , this was more like taking a shot of extract .
 I am sure those who rave about the taste of this protein havent tasted the good tasting but slightly expensive proteins like Allthewhey Isolate -LRB- vanilla only -RRB- , Myofusion , musclemilk , monstermilk etc. . This is one of the worst tasting protein drink I ever had . The Stevia taste makes me vomit . So buyers beware and dont fall into the hype . Ideally taste a sample first and then buy if you like it . I wish I had done that .
 ordered it in strawberry but the vanilla flavor came in . lucky that i kinda like vanilla but whatever , 20 bucks is a decent price . fast shipping too . now i have to deal with vanilla -LRB- bleh -RRB- for a month since i dont like the hassle of shipping it back .
 I read a couple reviews for the Optimum whey protein , reading that it was one of the best tasting products out there . I decided to try the 100 % natural whey protien and was NOT impressed ! When I got this product I expected it to be a little different because it was all natural but I did not expext it to taste as bad as it did . Mixed with just water or milk the taste is horrible ! Mixed with bananas however , tastes very well .
 Usually optimum nutrition products are the highest in quality , but this specific protein and flavor is one of the worst iv ever had
 I do not reccomend buying this product if you get headaches from Stevia . They just put a different name for Stevia on the ingredients label.-Jason
 I used to take this when the melamine breakout was running rampant . The same time my cats kidneys began to fail and I became extremely lean while drinking this along with Muscle Milk . Since then , which was a couple of years ago the flavor has changed from ok to worse . I used to mix it the the MM , but now ca n't stand to because the taste is so bad . MM still tastes the same . I use this with milk and bananas and it still tastes bad . Of course this review is based on a personal preference and I ca n't vouch to the results of this product , but if you liked it in the past and have not had any for a while , do n't expect it to be the same .
 This product has cancer causing soy lecithin . I just had a cancerous kidney removed because of soy lecithin found in Protein bars and Drinks I 've used over the years . Do some research . I wish I had . I 'm finding out that soy lecithin is in almost every sports nutrition supplement , especially Protein Drinks .
 This review is more about the company then the product itself . Not only did they cancel their `` Subscribe & Save '' option which I was looking forward to using and having regular shipments come at a discounted price BUT they raised their regular price , so everyone gets screwed over . I would now have to pay an additional $ 10 compared to what I used to . Not happy with this and will be looking elsewhere for my protein options !
 So let me get this straight , Optimum Nutrition has decided not to participate in the subcribe and save option anymore and you also decided to raise the normal price ? What a joke . It really is a shame because I enjoy the protein and like the taste , but I feel a little screwed over by ONI 'll begin looking for a better option than Optimum Nutrition until you can get your business model back together .
 IT was disgusting . . do not get the vanilla unless you are planning on having it in a shake . I used to be on Anabolic 90 and i was seeing gains . I ran out and bought this . . I actually lost 4 pounds since i 've been off anabolic 90 and I feel I am losing some of my muscle mass as well .
 This product -LRB- along with every soy and whey product I 've looked at -RRB- contains `` natural flavors '' . Typically this indicates an excitotoxin -LRB- i.e. one of the many types of MSG -RRB- , which damages our brains . If it was really a natural flavor , they would list specifically what it is , i.e. vanilla flavoring , natural strawberry flavor , chocolate flavor , etc. . Just `` natural flavor '' which is also in every liquid vit . / min . complex I 've seen , means an excitotoxin is being used . Disgusting for these companies to fool the public this way .
 I have been using ON powder for more than 1 year . I have used chocolate and strawberry flavors and I am very satisfied with those . This one looks greats , fresh and taste good as well . After drinking this one I have cough . First I did not realize it was due to Vanilla protein shake . But it happens every time . So powder filaments do n't dissolve properly . That 's why I am giving 1 star less . 2nd star deduction is due increase in powder price . 3 star deduction is due to the fact this item is no more available under subscription . 1 star deduction is due to the fact , now I have to pay for shipping too.I must clarify this problem -LRB- sticking in my throat -RRB- is only with vanilla.When I opened packet of both Vanilla and strawberry boxes , powder looks fresh , fluffy . But with chocolate , powder does Not look fresh . Texture looks different but taste good .
 I was very dissapointed when I got this product after I read a lot of reviews saying this is a great product so i ordered it . When I received it I noticed that it would not mix at all and clumped . I tried with a spoon but it left lots of clumps so i put it in my shaker and it still had clumps . I finally had to put in a blender and that got almost all of the clumps out but it whipped the milk making it hard to drink . The taste is great but for protein if you can get it to mix .
 The price and everything is fine , and it 's not a bad product , but it seems falsely advertised . It 's really foul tasting , I mix it with unsweetened chocolate almond milk . It barely mixes with a shaker , still clumps kind of bad , but I usually drink it really fast in the morning for breakfast anyway.It tastes really awful . The stevia extract or whatever they use leaves the same sort of filmy taste in my mouth that artificial sweeteners leave , which is a pity . Had I known what it tasted like ahead of time , I would have just stuck with what I was using . I 'll go through what I have , but I wo n't be buying it again .
 Just beware when using any of these whey protein supplements , you can get a bad case of constipation . This is exactly what happened to me . It was severe enough to require a trip to my doctor . If you insist on taking whey protein isolate , take some type of fiber at the same time .
 It smells awful . I have to hold my nose to drink it or I get nauseous . The non natural tastes phenomenal .
 I thought this would taste like most proteins but it did n't . To `` watered down '' even with milk and tastes horrible . Not enough sugar so you taste to much of the powder/protein . The taste is n't legit .
 I was very optimistic about this powder because of the great reviews . I almost threw up the first time i drank it . the label on the bottle says that it mixes well with just a spoon - it does n't . also , the natural chocolate taste is n't very chocolatey . unfortunately i bought the 5 lb bottle and am trying to find different ways to be able to take it . so far putting it in chocolate pudding is the only thing that makes it palatable . i would not recommend this for taste or texture .
 I 've been using other ON products and I love them . They are really fair priced and good . But this onee . . It is terrible when you drink it with water . I sometimes mix it with yogurt and thats okay . Anyway good to use but it has a bad taste .
 I think these guys need to get their act together . I read the other poor review about a broken seal , figured it was an isolated incident , and then when I got mine in the mail same thing!I unscrewed the cap and 1/2 of the seal popped off with it . I do n't how bad this is , but I 'm keeping it . You ca n't beat the price.For anyone who is bothered by a broken seal , or their product being compromised by one , DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT FROM AMAZON !
 i do n't know , but when i buy this product , i saw on the pictures , it says , that have ; 2g of sugars , but when i got ` it i notice that have 3g of sugars.so is nat realy what they post on here , they should post the right pictures .
 hated the flavor . Did n't like it from the first scoop , and that 's never good when you have a 5 lb bucket . the Chocolate coconut is my favorite
 Usually optimum nutrition products are the highest in quality , but this specific protein and flavor is one of the worst iv ever had
 I only gave them 2 stars because it came on time . other than that my experience would garner ZERO stars because it was a whole year past the expiration date ... Just realized it about a month in to drinking the thing .
 This juice is disgusting , you would be much better off buying sprite then stirring in some aloe vera juice . I would rate this product -5 if given the choice .
 I do not recommend it because it not cut my facial hair at all . I prefer to use shick or mach 3 of gillete
 It woks but not very good . Bought a $ 100 razor shortly after this and WOW ! what a difference . Do n't waste your money , get a good razor .
 I bought this for my husband b/c he has three razors he uses in stages . I was hoping to eliminate them all with this one . however , he goes a few days without shaving and he said it pulled the hair . it was okay once the hair was cut shorter -LRB- using one of the other , older shaver that he has -RRB- . so then i decided to try it on my legs since I spent the money and the box was torn up and in the garbage -LRB- i did n't think i would be able to return it without the box -RRB- . I figured since leg hair is pretty fine , it would work sufficiently . I guess it works okay if I wirl it in circles , but it does n't work good enough .
 I am very disappointed with this purchase . I bought the shaver for my dad and he complains that it pulls the hair and the shave is no where near smooth . I also tried it and I have to agree . I found that I have to make too many passes to get an acceptable shave . I have an old single head electric shaver that my uncle gave me ... probably cost $ 10 and it gives a closer more comfortable shave . I think its more comfortable because it runs at a much higher rpm than the 6613X and it has be running on 2 AA batteries for months.The 6613X book said to use the shaver for 3 weeks before deciding . I guess I will have to wait and see if the shave does actually get better with time but it seems highly unlikely .
 This is a very basic shaver . A downside is that the shaver does not work with the cord in when the charge runs out . A good thing is that the charge lasts over a week . A downside is that the closeness is not adjustable . It gets a close shave but not great . The flexible heads are good . I wish I would have spent a few more bucks and got a better shaver .
 I am very disappointed with this purchase . I bought the shaver for my dad and he complains that it pulls the hair and the shave is no where near smooth . I also tried it and I have to agree . I found that I have to make too many passes to get an acceptable shave . I have an old single head electric shaver that my uncle gave me ... probably cost $ 10 and it gives a closer more comfortable shave . I think its more comfortable because it runs at a much higher rpm than the 6613X and it has be running on 2 AA batteries for months.The 6613X book said to use the shaver for 3 weeks before deciding . I guess I will have to wait and see if the shave does actually get better with time but it seems highly unlikely .
 What I want is manufactured in Holland . But when I received my order , I was disappointed by the manufacture . That 's why it 's cheaper than others sale on other website .
 Do not buy this product.I did and regret about it on the same day I received this `` shaving system '' .
 I have been using this shaver for about 2 years and I agree with the review `` Guess-A-Charge ! '' . The Bad : When I received this as a gift I had no idea that shavers were made that did n't work when directly plugging into the power outlet . I guess it would n't be necessary if the shaver held a charge , but even then , what if you forget and you have no charge one morning ? Would n't it be nice to know you could just plug it in and have full power ?? Back to what I said about holding a charge , mine does n't . I get one or two shaves at full power and then another shave at half power . . nothing like listening to your razor die while you are trying to shave . It never held a good charge from day 1 . After maybe a year the head assembly started falling apart when I took the top off to clean it out . . nothing funner than fishing through the bathroom garbage for shaver parts , thanks Norelco!The Good : For those couple of shaves I may or may not get at full power I am happy , it cuts close and relatively quick.The Sideburn/beard trimmer is nice.Overall this product has let me down big time . . I guess I was spoiled by my old Philishave that was built like a tank , held a charge and could be used with the cord . Did I mention it worked for 10 years ! This is proof they do n't build em like that anymore.UPDATE
 very awkward design , very low power - first I thought the battery was low . . even after letting it charge over 16 hours as it says on manual , still nothing . Apparently , I am not the only one who had that thought . I have always been using Braun and just wanted to try Norelco since it was cheaper but it was a mistake . I do n't recommend this product to anyone . Do yourself a favor and buy Braun .
 My review is based solely on the features and conflicting information regarding the product . I just recieved the razor and after reading the manual , plugging it in and speaking with customer service , here is the scoop : The shaver DOES NOT work with the cord , only in a cordles mode -LRB- the Norelco web site states otherwise -RRB- . The LED charge indicator only lights when the razor is charging , and does n't turn off when fully charged . Basically telling me the same thing that looking at the cord plugged int othe razor would do.There is NO low battery indication in any way -LRB- the specs on the Amazon web site states there is a low battery indicator -RRB- . Customer service told me the way to tell when a charge is indcated is one of three ways
 Horrible , horrible , horrible . I have been a long time Norelco user , but after buying this model 1.5 years ago I 'm fleeing . Since then , I have had several days with vast swaths of uncut stubble on my face . I have had to spend large amounts of time , going over the same area time and again , only to have it miss over and over again . I end up using a disposable razor to catch all of the uncut stubble . Also , after 1.5 years , the battery is toast . I have to charge it every day now just to get 5 minutes of use each day . It will not operate on cord alone -- it requires hours of charging for 5 minutes of use !
 I purchased this razor for like 39 bucks . I tried this razor for a month and half and I absolutely hate it . First , the pop up trimmer is very cheap and does a lousy job . But most importantly , this electric razor is simply not powerful enough . I have to shave over an area three or four times and that leaves razor burn . I find myself going to a disposable sometimes when this razor wo n't cut after going over an area five times . Maybe this would be a good razor if you are just beginning , but I 'm returning this junk and buying something better . NOT GOOD .
 Things just seem to be going downhill for my expereinces with Norelco . I bought my 6618X razor last October and have been quite let down . First , the box said it was made in Holland like all my previous shavers ; inside on the unit it 's marked made in China . Next , do n't even think this thing can operate on the cord when the battery gets flat -- you 'll simply have to wait until it gets recharged . Whose idea was that ? My advice is to look VERY carefully to see if it can be operated with the cord as well as cordless ; this was never a concern in my past Norelco 's , either they had a battery or they did n't but they always worked on the cord . I imagine when the battery gets worn out this shaver will end up in the trash . Pity .
 I 've been using Norelco electric razors for about 40 years and they have always been fine . This electric razor worked well for about two years , then the shaving head frame and the trimmer broke , so it has turned out to be a real disappointment .
 -LRB- 1 -RRB- Short , coiled cord is a a pain . Threw it out and used the long staright cord from my old Norelco . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Fine shave if you are n't going out in public . It gets the easy parts , but below th chin I might just as well not have shaved . Thank God I 'm retired . This would n't do if I had to make a business call .
 I 've used Norelco shavers all my life , always been satisfied until this one . This is a piece of junk . Takes too long to shave with it and it does a lousy job , not to mention all the pulling of hairs . Seems drastically underpowered .
 This is the first time I had tried a electric shaver!And trust me stick with your old mach 3 ! I can now see a crop of pimples and a irreguar shaved small beard as a token from my first time use!And that , in this winter , when my skin dried up makes it look even worse !
 This is terrible . It barely shaves at all . Not at all what I expected . Hit the trash can in just three months .
 This three circular headed shaver takes much longer than my remington TCT2.I was looking for a better shaver or design.I guess the foil is the best design .
 I own this shaver and am currently in the market for a new one . I was very surprised to see the overwhelming # of positive reviews for this product . This shaver has been a disappointment since day 1 . It pulls hair and does not offer a smooth comfortable shave like more expensive models . Save your $ 30 and invest it in a nicer shaver.Pros : PriceCons : CordedFlimsy hingePulls hairUncomfortable on neck areaShave not smooth
 Used for exactly 3 weeks , but from day one it was pulling skin . and till the last day it was doing same stuff . Had to return after three weeks
 It 's not that the shave is terrible for my face , it is rather good , but I personally have a problem with the cord contacts wearing out due to stress on them -LRB- I have already gone through 2 different ones -RRB- , and without the cord , this is just a paperweight .
 pay a little more for the cordless one , the cord is a pain and this model feels pretty cheap . does n't do a bad job though .
 My husband received this as a gift . He traded it for a waterproof model . Too time consuming he said . Other than that a good product .
 Their `` lift and cut '' system is more like `` lift and rip out your hair '' system . This thing was just plain painful to use , right out of the box . It 's also very slow an under powered . I 've had rechargable shavers that were much more powerful .
 I bought this shaver to replace my husband 's last norelco . His last Norelco was purchased in 2000 and worked fine for all these 11 years . When I gave him this one he was impressed that the design was the same except for the collapsable contouring head part . I told him to go into the bathroom and try it ... well ! I heard it turn on and thought `` Geez ! Why does the motor sound so weak-it sounded like a dying battery ! '' -LRB- And since there are no batteries in this we both were taken aback ! -RRB- The only positive my husband could say about it is the blades were sharp . That 's sad . Looks like I am going to have to shell out more money for a replacement . : -LRB-
 I had a Norelco shaver with batteries in the '80 that worked very good and when traving it did its job . Now I do not need a battery power shaver and so I ordered this unit . I do not know where the motor came from but it is so under powered that it can not do the job . The best place for this unit maybe that it can be used on a fishing line.MG
 I agree with a prior reviewer , It wo n't keep running unless you cement the plug to the razor with silicon rubber . The female plug is just too small for the hole in the razor and just falls off . The coiled wire provided is too short .
 I have been using Norelco for over 30 years and was surprised that the quality of the shave is so poor from previous shavers . Perhaps they should rethink making them in China . This will be the last Norelco that I ever purchase .
 I bought this for my husband , not realizing it was not a rechargable razor , but with that aside , it stinks . Has barely enough power to operate . Love the brand but not this razor . My hubby had to start using his old shaver again . Merry christmas .
 I ordered the Norelco 6423LC Corded Reflex Action Shaver , a `` special series '' order and instead was sent a standard 6900 Series . Could have bought what they sent for 50 % less.This merchant did n't even have the courtesy to ask if I would accept a substitute . When I called I was told `` too bad '' - `` take it or leave it '' ! Now they are arguing about taking it back . I have to now dispute the charge through my credit card . They are SWINDLERS ! AMAZON WAS NO HELP EITHER ! I did not want ot give any stars as a reviewer but it makes you put a least one !
 Just used this razor for the first time . Could not get a close shave out of it at all . The trimmer will cut hair but not stubble . On top of all of this it gave me a pretty bad gash . I 'm very disappointed in this razor but I guess I got what I paid for . I 'm going to order a new razor right now because I ca n't stand to shave with this one any longer than necessary .
 The Norelco corded shaver arrived QUICKLY and was EXACTLY what I ordered for my husband . He has been using this shaver for over a decade . The main negative is that the shaver `` blades '' became dull in no time . Sure it shaves fine but NOTHING like it did the first week . Do n't know who 's providing the rotary blade mechanism but it 's really cheap if it does n't stay sharp during the even the first few months of ownership !
 I 've owned Norelco shavers for over 40 years , this has to be the worst of them all !! I would never buy this shaver again !
 Philips Norelco has no grasp of the concept of customer service . They are unable to answer a simple question regarding their own product . They are unwilling to lift a finger to try to find out the answer or assist a customer in any way . I guess it has n't dawned on them that their income comes from customers and that customers who are treated rudely will not continue to buy their products.As for the product itself , it 's nothing special . Short corded , half A 'd shaver . Lot 's of companies make them , some for less . Some probably even have customer service .
 I purchased the Norelco base on the average of the reviews . They must have been written by people from Norelco . This shaver -LRB- I should n't use the word shaver -RRB- is like a wind up toy . My stubble almost stopped the rotary blades . What a piece of garbage . I STONGLY do not recomend this product . Do yourself a favor and get a Remington foil shaver .
 A hunk of junk . Lasted less than a week.I never had a shaver last less than two years.Last norelco I would buy .
 It is a very weak razor and does not hold charge.I have used electric razor for 15 years and this is the worst one ...
 The razor is just `` OK '' . It seems to lack power . My old Norelco , which still works by the way , is still running strong .
 My wife bought this for me as a second shaver for when I 'm not at home . Man , I 'm glad for that , because otherwise she 'd see me wincing in pain all the time . It must be because I have really , really coarse facial hair , but this thing is painful ! I keep looking at it to see if it 's accidentally set to 220V because the blades seem to kind of poke around in lazy circles , and periodically grab a hair and come to a complete stop , right before yanking it out of my face . And what 's worse is that if I put off using it for a while , my facial hair just gets longer and more coarse , and it hurts even more.A hint if you end up in the same situation as me -LRB- coarse hair -RRB- ... start shaving from the top down on your face , drawing the shaver down s-l-o-w-l-y and with zero pressure on the skin , over the same area several times . Then once it has pretty much done its thing , you can start working from the bottom up to get the strays .
 This is the third Norelco shaver I have owned and the second rechargeable . My first rechargeable was wonderful . This one is junk . It barely turns fast enough to use when plugged in or immediately after a recharge . The charge only lasts one-two days where my old one would hold a charge for two weeks with daily use until it died of old age after about 12 years of use!Pass this one by no matter how cheap someone offers to sell it !
 The norelco shaver was not all I expected , but is OK enough to keep . Shipping and handling speed was excellent . Thanks .
 I think I would have better luck getting a decent shave with a pencil sharpener than this piece of junk . The old Norelco 's were good , this one is a name only made by Phillips . It whines and whimpers like an old lady pedaling a tricycle uphill . Trust me , do n't bother with it !
 This Norelco was a great razor on the drawing board . Then , Norelco sent the plans to China and must have told them to give them the best price they could on manufacturing . So what did China cut ? One of the batteries . So , instead of 2.4 volts as it was designed for , it only has one , 1.2 v battery . Just shaving will stop it completely . A complete piece of junk .
 I 've gotten used to Norelco making a superior product ; I 'd be using my 10 year old triple header to this day if the shaver guy had n't talked me out of repairing it again . The motor is weak and sounds sickly . It works , just not as well as my old one .
 This Norelco 6843XL is made in China . Norelco took a great razor design and components , then , must have told China to make it cheap . So what did China do to save money on manufacturing ? It would be unbelievable , except that it 's China . They took a perfectly wonderful 2.4 v cord/cordless shaver and only put one 1.2 v battery in it . This piece of junk now runs slow and boggs down on wiskers . If you own one of these and you hate it , write Norelco and demand a refund .
 Cheaply made plastic parts . Retainer ring that holds cutting heads in place does not secure properly on mounting pin and `` disassembles '' when brushing to clean . Battery needs re-charging far too often for efficient/effective shaver operation.Over designed , over priced and over rated .
 I was not happy with this razer , I have had many Norelco razers and my common complaint is not being able to change the batteries.I do n't think rechargeables are worth the high price since they only last a couple of years and buying replacement heads are almost as expensive as buying another razor .
 It is not worth $ 1.00 . You will get a better shave with a spoon . It has no RPM . The speed is slow even when fully charged for over 8 hours . The blades do not cut even a little stubble . The light has no meaning , as it tells you nothing about the battery supply or if it needs to be charged or running low . The cord is too short.Good - the battery last along time , but how can you tell .
 I 've been using an 835RX for years . I inherited a new 6843XL and after much comparing I found the old reliable 835 is MUCH better than the 6843 . Using the same set of new blades on each razor , I find the 835 quick and efficient while the 6843 is slow and inefficient . It is way better than no razor at all -LRB- hence I gave it two stars -RRB- . Mechanically the only difference I see is that the 835 head is flat , i.e. , the three blade heads are in the same plane . They are also less flexible . The three heads on the 6843 face away from each other -LRB- slightly -RRB- and are very loose , able to float much more than in the 835 . I think this floating ability actually hurts the functionality . The blades get lost .
 Since this model seems to be discontinued there probably is n't much chance of you finding one for sale . But just in case you do , do n't get it.I 've had this shaver for years now , buying it as a replacement for my previous Norelco that I dearly loved . But I had put so many years on that one , and when it was time to replace the battery and heads -LRB- about $ 80.00 total -RRB- , I figured it was time to just get a new one.This was the first frustrating part of the process , finding a replacement . Norelco makes so many models . I was looking for one on sale as to limited funds . I soon found out a lot of things I did n't like . These shavers are no longer made in Holland , to fine exacting standards , but are now made in China . They are of varying quality , even within the same model , so you get the luck of the draw . This new model , for twice the money , did not have a battery charge indicator on it , and they no longer have the head height adjustment . And it was LOUD ! All for TWICE the price of my old Norelco shaver that was made in Holland , had the battery indicator , and the adjustable heads.So right away , I considered rebuilding the old one . I should have . This shaver grabbed my hair -LRB- still does -RRB- , gives me razor burn , is made out of a more flimsy plastic , does n't hold a charge nearly as long as with past models , and is just all around a poor replacement , for , did I mention , TWICE THE MONEY!So I 've put up with it for years now and am at the same place again . The heads and battery need replacing for a cost of over $ 80.00 and I 'm sure not going to put that into this shaver . So it 's off to the reviews again to find a new shaver . I understand that now that Philips has purchased Norelco that their quality has begun to come back up while their prices have stayed the same or even gone done some . I hope this is true as the alternatives do n't exist.In a word , you get what you pay for and with the 6843XL Reflex Plus , you do n't get much !
 Too narrow was the only problem ... I 'm too large and tall for this model ... otherwise , great buy and such quality for the cost !
 Look , if you are a company shill , at least vary the content of your `` reviews '' . I mean , how likely is it that several reviewers all used the Mach 3 razor ? What , is this the competition you are up against ? Not even another electric razor ? I know fake when I see it , and the reviews on this product are clearly so . So if you are thinking of buying this product , I would not take these glowing `` infomercials '' as any guide .
 I like the shaver . It 's a pretty good one and I was happy initiallyuntil it broke . The customer service guys were pretty good but it would take a month till they replace it . It was a pain and I would n't recommend it .
 I had very high hopes for this razor but unfortunately , I had to return it . I do n't consider myself to have sensitive skin but the trimmer blades on this razor hurt . I 've used my husband 's razor plenty of times and like it alot but it 's not cordless and I wanted something I could use in the shower but this definately was n't it for me . Also , it 's battery has to be completely disharged every four weeks . I was n't looking forward to having to remember to do that .
 This razor has no button or notch or anything to assist in getting the top off so that you can clean out the hairs , etc. . It 's designed for you to just YANK it off - well that does n't always work so well and I have twisted the blade inside while doing this and just barely got it back on . The reason I say `` twisted the blade '' is the second big problem - there is no actual blade ! It 's a flat piece of metal -LRB- thin & moldable -RRB- with holes in it -LRB- like a cheese grater -RRB- that lays up against a motor and this is what goes against your body to shave . Also the manual says to get a new `` blade '' every year - so you have to keep all the mailing info and order it yearly from the manufacturer ! Keep looking - there must be a better razor out there !
 It replaced an Interplak Plaque Remover and it does not work half as well as my old one . I have even gone to the Interplak website but oculd not find a way to email my comments .
 I 've only reviewed one product here in the past , but I had to comment on this one . I used to own one of these a long time ago and it was a very good unit . This one has really LOW power and speed using any common toothpaste I found . The battery charge retention is way below that of competing units . The concept of the rotating tufts is excellent , but the execution is bad . I ended up replacing it after two weeks with an Oral-B Professional . Much better .
 Shoots toothpaste and mouthwash all over the bathroom through openings located lower on the brush . Comes with a note that customers also bought a Conair Interplak Replacement Heads Bonus Pack that does n't fit the brush .
 Within a month , I needed to contact the manufacturer for a replacement as the switch on it broke .
 I received the item . I plugged it in but it did never charged and the light did not illuminate -LRB- The socket works -RRB- . I can not send it back because I do not have the original packaging . I expect better from Amazon as I buy a lot from Amazon . I dont know if it is the product or if Amazon sold me a defective one . Either way , I am out-of-pocket 24 dollars and Amazon will not take it back and exchange for a new one .
 I had purchased an Interplak toothbrush in the early 90 's . While using it , I had dental assistants remark how little plaque I had , even after two years one time when I was lazy and did n't visit the dentist . That Interplak was an amazing toothbrush and the battery in the unit held out for close to ten years . I bought another Interplak after Conair purchased the company and it was n't even in the same ballpark as the old one . The battery wore out after about nine months and the soft , silky brushing of the old Interplak was never there . I suppose the problem with the old Interplak was that they were so good they rarely wore out and how can a company survive if people do n't recycle their old products for new ? I 've discarded the Conair Interplak for a Braun which is okay but not even close to the original Interplak purchased in 1990 .
 I was real excited to find this electric toothbrush for such a reasonable price.However when I got it home and started to use it I was a little disappointed . The bristles of the brush are very small and spread far apart.The movement of the head is too subtle.The main disappointment is that the vibration of the head will stop if too much pressure is placed against the teeth.You have to learn how to use it with the right amount of pressure.I use it and like the size of the brush for getting way back in the mouth , but I will most likely purchase a more expensive brush real soon .
 This brush has to be of the worst design of any I have used , and I have used several different brands of electric brush . My main complaint is that the brush shaft is so large at the base that a person ca n't comfortably hold their lips around it to keep the `` stuff '' in their mouth . Too , the fact that the shaft has several holes in it lets liquid squirt all over the place when one of the holes comes out of the mouth , as in brushing the front teeth . And , the brush has only two rows of bristles.Lastly , the thing just shuts down when it has reached the scientifically determined minimum cleaning time of 2 minutes . Sometimes I ai n't thru yet . I do n't need a timer . I brush them until I am thru , thank you very much.Based upon the sloppiness issue I would not recommend it .
 I bought this item in May . It broke at one of the welds in October while I was walking along using it . I 'm very disappointed in this product . The sales page says limited 3 year warranty but I can not find any way to get in touch with anyone to get help with this situation .
 If you are considering this product run do n't walk away as fast as you can . first if you do n't have a dedicated spot the size of an electric can opener right next to an outlet the cleaning system is a total waste of money . It does an adequate job shaving legs , but unless you have under arms as tough as leather this razor will rip your under arm to shreds and leave them painful for a couple of days .
 this razor literally fell apart after a couple of uses . the blade and screen pieces broke apart through a normal use and trying to clean it out with the brush !!!! i will not be purchasing electronics of any kind on line , unless it is directly with the supplier of the product ...
 I got this years ago , not long after I got it I realized that to use the cleaner you have to purchase stuff for it . So I wound up stuffing the cleaning unit under the sink because it was so big and bulky it took up too much room on the counter . But the reason I do not like it is because the hand unit broke ! within two months of having it the top back part fell off and I kept popping it back on for a little bit but eventually it just fell all apart so I trashed it and bought a new one . I paid A LOT of money for that thing ! and it fell apart on me in less than six months !
 I already had an older Remington and thought I would upgrade to a `` fancy '' one with a cleaner . I was very excited about getting this shaver . However , the excitement slowly wore off after a few weeks when I could no longer `` excuse '' some of the downfalls to it . I really wanted it to work because I really liked it and I wanted to be able to justify it to my husband.The cleaner was a hit and miss from day one . I would cheer if it would actually clean the razor . It also did n't charge all the time like it said it would when you put it in the cleaner . Sometimes it would clean the shaver but it would n't charge the razor . So you would end up having to use the plug in charger to charge the razor . Then the cleaning stuff got to be a bit of a hassle having to find new stuff and refill it . That 's not to mention the way it shaved . It really was n't all that great of a shave either.I got this back in 2009 , kept it for about a year and then finally threw it out . I just could not take the frustrations with it anymore . I ended up going back to my old razor that uses batteries . I still use it because it is just a great electric razor!So bottom line on this electric razor , it 's not all that it 's made out to be . I would not recommend it .
 I purchased this for my wife when she was very happy with her previous one that broke . Sadly it was discountinued everywhere but I purchased it from Amazon anyway . She loves the razor however it arrived with an issue . When the cleaning cycle finishes , it just keeps running until unplugged.Amazon was happy to return it , but my wife likes this unit very much and prefers to unplug it when the cleaning cycle finishes instead of trying to find another unit she likes .
 Not sure if I just received a defective one or if it is just piece of poo . Either way it dies before I get even close to shaving both legs .
 After fulling charging the first time , it never would charge properly again . The recharge light would intermittently come on and would take about a week to get a decent charge . I could only run the cleaning function when the green charging light was on , which was infrequently . After owning it for two months , it now will not charge at all .
 it shaves legs just fine , although you have to go over the same area a few times before its smooth.don ' t try to shave anything else . I tried to do under my arms and my bikini this morning and lets just say I did n't win the war . My skin is all cut up . it yanks hair and grabs/cuts skin if you are using on `` curves '' like bikini line.it is only safe on straight surfaces like legs.it also has been charging since I got it 4 days ago and its still not fully charged . it is constantly blinking .
 This product does not work if you have soft blonde hair . My hair is not coarse and this razor just glided right over top with out cutting a thing . It 's comfortable to hold and seems like it is made well , but it is definatly not for those of us with soft hair .
 My husband purchased the WDF-7000 Smooth & Silky Recharble Women 's Foil Screen Shaver for me . It was purchaded August 2010 and in October 2010 I began having problems with the shaver head . The rubber that is between the foil and outside blades was coming apart and off . I called the manfuacture and they stated that they quit making that razor because the solution being used to clean the razor was disloving the rubber off . She state they had a lot of problems with this razor and that is why it was disconintued two years ago . So why is Amazon still selling it is my question .
 This razor is nice looking , but it 's a discontinued model . That 's important because when it would n't charge up we called Remington . They had us find a number on the inside of the unit which indicated the battery was old enough to be shot and unable to hold a charge . Very disappointing . Great looking , but performance is mute due to not being able to ever use it . Do n't waste your time and money . This one 's not useful due to the battery shelf life.Remington WDF-7000 Smooth & Silky Rechargeable Womens Foil Cleaning System
 I 've owned two of these shavers so far . The first one worked great and delivered a close , nick-free shave ... for about six months . It then stopped re-charing and died altogether . I contacted the helpful customer service people at Remington , mailed it to them , and they sent me a brand new one shortly afterwards . It lasted a month before the same thing happened . I now have to mail the defective replacement to them and hope I can just get my money back and find something that works . Very disappointed in this product .
 I bought this shaver at the super low price . The charging light never lit up upon plugging it in . The shaver could not establish a charge . I called the manufacturer and they said the batteries -LRB- which are not replacable -RRB- were dead because the unit was old and discontinued . I would not buy this product , even though the price has been slashed drastically . Chances are the unit is obsolete .
 I read good reviews for this product so I ordered it for a Christmas present . First off Discount Jungle is who you buy from , not Amazon so you have to pay ALL shipping charges , even if it 's defective which mine was.So , not only did I have to pay the 10 for initial shipping , but I had to pay 15 priority mail because they had to have it there in 14 days . So , I 'm out 25.00 shipping on a 40 dollar product.Sure wish I had not purchased it !
 I bought this shaver last September , and at that point I agreed with the other reviewers . It delivered a nick-free shave and was quick and painless to use . This past May , it stopped being able to re-charge and just died completely . I only used the recommended cleaning solution , changed it according to the instructions , and cleaned it after every use . I sent the shaver back to Remington , they were very nice and sent a new replacement shaver after a few weeks . It worked wonderfully , for about 2 months when the same problem occurred again ! I 'm sending it back again and hoping for a refund this time , it is n't worth my time and money to go to the post office every few months to return yet another defective shaver !
 I 've had my razor for more than a year now . The rubber edges near the blades tear easiy ; I do n't really know what purpose they serve . The cleaning fluid is expensive and evaporates quickly . Also , the metal parts inside the fluid reservoir are rusting ! I 've never used water in the reservoir , only cleaning fluid . The noise during the cleaning really does n't bother me , but I do wish that the shaver got cleaner than it does . When cleaning is complete , hair is still on the ouside of the unit .
 This razor is not worth the money . It did shave pretty well for a few months , but the rubber strips wear out really quickly . And , even though the `` cleaning option '' with the fluid seems like a great idea ... it does not work very well ... the razor was never clean ... and refilling the fluid is just a pain ... I would not recommend this razor .
 Do n't go for the cool looks it carries ... It does not give you a good return . Its Noisy and painful . Gifted it to wife but to tell you the truth , she hated it after use .
 This rechargeable razor battery life is not worth the price . the battery only lasted 18 mts before it would not take a charge anymore . Not worth the money ...
 I received an older product with nickle in the foil , which makes skin black when used . When I called the company they sent replacement blades , but the plastic protector cover would n't fit . They sent a replacement ; once again it was the old product with the same problem . When I called again , they said all their foils have nickle . Other companies have a stainless protector . Need I say more . You get what you pay for .
 I am on my 4th shaver and even bought new components for current one . Not smooth and not enough charge . Dies after less than 2 minutes . Wo n't buy Remington again .
 I have been using an electric shaver for 30 years.I have gone through 3 different syles of shavers this past year since my old remington died . NONE OF THEM WORK WELL . What gives Remington ????
 I 've had this turkey for a couple of years now , and ca n't for the life of me understand why I have n't played `` discus , '' or shot-put with it as of yet ! It is the absolute worst electric shaver I have ever had . Initially wanting to get rid of my foil head razor , I bought this one due to Norelco 's rave reviews . I have an average beard , and so many passes are required with this thing that my lower neck ends up very red & irritated . In addition , the adjustment wheel -LRB- to raise and lower the cutting heads -RRB- is continually `` backing '' itself off without input from me . I will be shaving & check the wheel to find it has by itself gone from one level to the other . Run from this unit . It is junk ! I will be looking at a new Braun Activator 8000 series this weekend .
 I have had many Norelcos in my life.So I can testify that when I say this shaver cuts the skin , it cuts the skin.Norelco designed the blades in a way that negates the need for the user to get in close around lips etc. . . I was bleeding in the first minute.It seems that overall quality seems to have droppedBlade life and battery life has descreased as wellMy 6885xl has broken parts and a bad batteryMaybe I can find an older model with the older blades somewhere
 I have been using Norelcos for over 20 years to shave . They have certainly improved in all aspects over the years , except one - ruggedness . The floating head design in the newer shavers have become so delicate that they really can not stand up to the tear and wear of a frequent traveler . My second one broke within a year and I have not dropped it anywhere . I suspect keeping the razor in checked-in baggage makes the plastic brittle in the typically cold baggage hold and any small knock is going to break several tabs that exist to keep the blades in place . They really need to be carried in a hard shell . Once any of these several failure points break , there is nothing you can do with the razor as you can not get a replacement.Avoid the current line of brands unless you use this primarily at home and never intend to drop it !
 What a huge mistake !! Talked to a representative at Philips Norelco because I could not find a part for the model I had . After they advised me as to what part I needed and gave me the model number I needed , I ordered it from Amazon . Well , it does n't even come close to fitting . Needless to say it was a wasted $ 25 . I went out and bought a Braun Electric Razor which I know is better .
 My order was sent to the wrong address and therefor it was cancelled and I hope to order again soon . I need to be sure that the credit for the first order was made . I still want the replacement blades .
 Have been unable to remove and replace with the new heads because the instructions are very poor and totaly lacking with any detail . Have given up for now and placed them on a shelf to await a time when I feel that I can devote a lot of effort on this small endeavor that has become a major problem for me . In the mean time I have gone back to using disposable razors .
 It did n't stay sharp too long , but I guess that 's he nature of them .
 I was looking for replacement shaver heads for my older Noreclo model 6613X electric shaver . On the shaver it says to only use HQ55 + replacement heads . This seller had the only HQ55 + heads on Amazon . Do not buy the HQ55 or HQ55 + from this or any other seller . Norelco no longer makes either . Instead , this seller will send you HQ56 replacement heads , which works just as well but can be purchased for about $ 4 less directly from Amazon -LRB- plus no shipping if you are an Amazon Prime customer -RRB- . No where in the product description does the seller indicate this is actually an HQ56 rather than an HQ55 , which is deceptive and will cost more for the same product . The HQ56 heads are fine . It is nice to have a nice close shave again , I only wish I did not feel as though I was taken advantage of by an unscrupulous advertiser .
 I have been a Norelco customer for over 27 years and I have never had a set of cutters dull so quickly . In my opinion the quality is down
 The advertisement said 6 shaving heads , but the box I received had only 3 shaving heads!Richard CooneySalem , NH
 The HQ55s fit , but their not the HQ55plus ... whats up with that ? Sure they cut beard , so ... why not picture what your really sending ??? Buy here if you do n't mind a bait and switch .
 We asked for Norelco HQ-55 , and the company sent us HQ-56 and said it ws adaptable , it definetely is not and we are returning said item .
 When I purchased this item I determined the correct fit by going to the merchant site.When I got the item it was packaged in such a way that you could not determine if it would fit your razor without removing from package , the problem there is no RETURN once package opened . WHY the merchant who should have known what razor I was buying this for , and know it would fit should have notified me . But assume they do n't know WHY is item packaged in such a way you CAN NOT TELL if item fits without removing from package . ALL they would have to do is package in see thru material and there would be NO PROBLEM . I find this deceptive , and even am more concerned AMAZON does n't see to be concerned about the merchants , what I consider at best a very poor way of dealing with customers . I might add I emailed this merchant THREE times with no reply , and when did reply claimed I did not send email yet it went thru tne amazon system , stay away is my advice .
 This item arrived quickly and seems to work , but it is not HQ 55 plus as described , and there are 3 replacement heads instead of 6 . This is really another part number which is at least $ 6 cheaper . Now it is used and can not be returned . Amazon should not allow this kind of deception .
 I ordered this item but ShaverOutlet shipped me another model replacement head . They claim it is the same thing , but it is n't . They said they 'd send me a refund and I 'm waiting . They would n't pay shipping costs either .
 Ordered 55HQPlus shaver head , received 55HQ . What 's the difference ? Which is better ? The word `` Plus '' would seem to indicate the superior product . shaver is 6423LC Plus .
 I am unhappy with the Philips Norelco HQ 55 Reflex Replacement Heads . It does not remove facial hairs easily . Perhaps the heads I received were defective . Is It possible to mail these heads back and get a replacement?Bea
 Nice at first , but within a month I was having trouble with razor burn on my neck and all sorts of missed hair ; worse than my original heads . Tolerated for 3 months , then bought a foil shaver , which always worked well for my beard in the past . YMMV .
 I was sent the wrong item . I was sent HQ55 instead of HQ55Plus . Had to send it back . Still need the HQ55Plus .
 I expected the new shaver head to shave better and closer than the old one , but it does not .
 These blades suck ! I went through two sets of these blades within a year because the screen and the blades got jammed and started to rip away at the screen . I would clean the blades on a regular basis . I feel this is a cheaply made product that is not worth the money . The blades -LRB- HQ4 + -RRB- that this model replaced worked a whole lot better and were reliable and never broke like the HQ55 . Do n't buy this product !
 ordered hq 55 as pictured and came hq 56 . boy can ; t trust anybody any more just will buy offline at walmart or so .
 I went to Amazon.com to purchase a Norelco ReflexPlus-6 replacement razor head -- HQ55 Plus . Amazon itself did not have the product , so they sent me to another company on their site . Although Amazon said the shipping would be free , the subsidiary company did not . And they sent me a Norelco Reflex head -- not the plus 6 that I ordered . Although the instructions with the razor say Plus-6 , the subsidiary company said no such part exists ! Not a happy introduction to Amazon.com shopping .
 While I 'm sure this is good quality product , I found it was less costly to purchase a new Norelco 6940 shaver set from Amazon .
 Amazon screwed up the order . Twice . I ordered the replacement razors for HQ 55Plus . In the mail came replacement razors for HQ 55 . Twice . In contacting the first seller , they said Amazon had the wrong codes listed . So I tried with a second seller through Amazon . Still no luck . Hope they fix it soon .
 Bought these heads for their exorbitant price and they were dull from the moment I installed them in the shaver . They deteriorated rapidly from that point on and were useless in about 2 months , basically hacking off my whiskers and not cutting them . I 'll bet that Norelco outsourced manufacturing of the cutters to China and they botched the process transfer . I switched to a Remington foil shaver model F4790 and am getting vastly superior results -- and replacement heads and cutters are about 1/2 Norelco 's outrageous price .
 WOW not good news ! As you can see from the picture the HQ55 Plus comes in a Blue wrapper . Well I received and orange wrapper with the HQ55 not the HQ55 Plus -LRB- a totally different , non-compatable , item -RRB- . I called and they said `` oh we do n't have the BLUE one - Dah ! I sent it back and after about 4 weeks got a credit on my charge card . Needless to say I am not happy as this was substituted and not correct !
 How can people like this product ? yes the shaving gel does prevent irritaion but it doesnt even give you a close shave . I have to keep going over the same spot over and over until my skin hurts . It leaves uncut hairs everywhere , at one point i got so fed up after going over this one spot 5 times that i threw the thing on the ground . Let me say the thing takes a beating but it still is the worst shave i have had . I think im goign back ot a wet shaver from now on .
 Having read the glowing reviews from others I was anxious to receive this shaver . When it finally arrived I made sure to charge it up -LRB- takes a long time initially 6-8 hrs . -RRB- then finally tried it on a 2 day stubble . Well , I was n't impressed with the shave , it was irritating , uncomfortable , and the gel dispensing gadget was awkward to use . I decided to give this unit the benefit of the doubt because it does state to give it at least 3 weeks for your skin to grow accustom to shaving by this method.Well , here I am 3 weeks later and I 'm still not impressed with the shave . I particularly get skin iritation along my neck -LRB- burns quite a bit -RRB- and it 's hard to taper shave near side burns . I 've also tried different methods of shaving from
 First of all , let me say I think the shaver itself works well . But it requires A LOT of time . Let me explain : After every shave you are supposed to run hot water to clean the top out . What happens to me is that the hot water makes the little hairs gel together and they become stuck in the 3 heads . So basically every day I shaved , I 'd have to go in with a brush and brush the little hairs out of the 3 heads , which takes a couple minutes EVERY DAY.Now as to the shave itself -- I have to go over the skin several times and press hard to get a close shave . Also , I found it necessary to clean up afterwards with a razor blade -LRB- used Gilette Sensor -RRB- to get a really close shave.Put it all together and you 've got a 20 minute time investment to get a decent shave.Furthermore , the Nivea lotion packets will run you a lot of money . They average $ 1 per lotion cartridge . I went through 1 cartridge every 2 weeks or so ... basically it 's another $ 25 per year you got ta spend to operate this thing.So in terms of time and money spent , this shaver was not good , although the shave was an improvement.Recently I was told by the owner of the local shaving supply store how to get a great shave and I will share the secret with you all now . Step 1 - Shave at the end of your shower with the Gilette Sensor 3-blades model and a fogless mirror . Step 2 - Shave with an electric -LRB- I use the Norelco Quadra Action -RRB- immediately after your shower and after drying your face.The first step shaves most of the hair , and the second step gets any spots you missed . Your face will not be irritated and you wo n't bleed or have any cuts . Your shave will also take less time and be UNBELIEVABLY CLOSE . We 're talking BABY SKIN here !!! Finish up by applying some moisturizer to your shaved skin and you 're ready to roll ! I 'm 28 years old , shave every day , and have tried every shaving method ... this method I described is by far the best , and I wo n't be changing back . I would n't by this razor ... instead by some 3-blade Sensors and a Quadra Action Norelco and follow the instructions above .
 I find it interesting that all the reviews up to this point say how this razor is good for sensitive skin . This razor ripped up my neck and throat every time I used it . I do n't consider myself to have sensitive skin so this was a suprise to me . In my life I 've used every kind of blade and electric razor out there and I 've never had this problem . The instructions say to use the razor for 30 days so your skin can get used to it . I used this razor for six months with no improvement . I finally threw it in the garbage out of frustration . I gave it two stars because on my face it worked ok -LRB- not great -RRB- and I did like to be able to use it in the shower . My next electric will be a Braun .
 This car charger worked great until it quit . I inspected the interior fuse which appeared to be fine . Although the sticker indicates the fuse is replaceable accessing it will probably destroy the unit.I called Philips Customer Service and they told me `` We do n't warrant accessories . '' and `` Everything eventually dies . '' When I explained to the CSR that I was hoping that they could do something to keep a good customer happy she told me that if they had such a policy they would have to replace `` six year-old razors with old batteries '' despite the fact that this part has no batteries or other wear components.There is no substitute for Norelco razors yet but I would not buy anything else made by Philips based on my customer service experience . They have n't figured out customer service yet .
 This product is advertised as a lubricant but does not contain any lubricant ingredient . There is a propellant as with any aerosol can . There is a small amount of alcohol for aid in cleaning ... BUT absolutely no lubricant .
 The shipped product is not the same as pictured in the Amazon advertisement . The cans shipped not only are an older model with inferior spray heads but one can is dented and two cans plastic caps -LRB- covers -RRB- were broken with a spray head bent . This shipment is unacceptable . If I wanted the older model with small spray heads I would have bought them local . I want to return the shipment at your costs and receive a full refund or preferably you express ship at your costs the correct new model as pictured on the Amazon web site , picture of the new improved spray head as advertised is attached .
 No way I am going to pay $ 4.10 for shipping on an item that cost $ 3.90 ! And the owners manual said to use mineral oil to lubricate the heads .
 Just look at the picture ; it 's HQ110 . If you search for reviews on HQ110 , many customers point out that appears to be just a cleaner , not a lubricant .
 I had another Norelco shaver for the last 5 -LRB- or more -RRB- years . The difference in the shaves is striking . Both less pain when my stubble is a little long and closer.However , the reason this shaver is cheaper is that there is 1 battery inside it instead of 2 . I know this because I took it in to be `` repaired '' because I only got 8 shaves to a charge . I talked -LRB- online -RRB- with Norelco and they said my shaver was broken . So , I looked up on the Norelco site a local authorized repair shop . I took it in and the guy opened it up . He said it was one of the `` cheap '' versions that has 1 instead of 2 batteries.My old shaver , over most of its life , gave me 25 or so shaves before needing to be recharged . That 's quite a difference .
 Gave this as a gift to my elderly father-in-law . It lasted about a month , and would no longer run . It is made kind of cheap with plastic , and he may have cleaned it with alcohol or something similar that melted the plastic . .
 This is a very low end Norelco razor that I would not recommend . It is not compatable with other Norelco accessories , such as cutting heads , chargers , etc. .
 I personally recieve a less irritating shave when I use my Norelco Advantage without the `` goo '' . I think it -LRB- in combination with moisture -RRB- makes my skin tense , the razor is then more abrasive . So I dry shave then use a gel after-shave ... but I understand not everyone 's skin is the same , so there will be people that love this stuff . No doubt it 's a high quality product , but it was n't meant for me .
 I really wanted to like this , but found it to be surprisingly watery . It is also very hard to rinse off after shaving . Other than that , it works pretty well , but I 'm not going to buy it again .
 For my skin and beard type I guess , I have a rougher beard and I shave about everyday . I 've used this about 3x now and it does n't work well at all and I even used it with the pre-shave oil , just terrible . I went back to my gel , but the rest of the Anthony line is great .
 Received a free sample of this while at Bath & Body Works with my wife . I tried shaving with it , and wound up bleeding in a dozen places . On top of that , it did n't give a close shave . Finally , it offered no moisturizing , so it left my face dry and uncomfortable.Bath & Body Works is apparently trying to expand their customer base with men 's products , but this stuff just does n't cut it .
 I have purchased Anthony Logistics for Men Shave Cream from Sephora before . That product was a rich , thick , cream that worked well and felt great . The only aspect of that wonderful product this had was the smell . Otherwise it had been watered down . Perhaps it is a fraudulent product this seller is selling here on Amazon , or they changed the formula -LRB- doubtful -RRB- . I will go back to Sephora to purchase this product again to see if what I got here was counterfeit . I do know the product I purchased here is complete junk and a waste of money .
 Other reviews stated shaving with this would be a smooth experience . It was n't even close for me . I 'm not 100 % sure how much of the shaving cream I 'm supposed to pile on my face but it did n't matter because it was still very difficult to shave . My facial hair is n't very thick . I did n't have a full on beard when I tried shaving either -LRB- due to the fact I ca n't grow one -RRB- . I barely had less than an inch of stubble , and it was not an enjoyable experience shaving with this cream . It felt like my razor was getting caught on every hair . Am I supposed to only using a single blade ? My Gilette one has three . Hopefully that is not what is causing the issue.I would not recommend this product .
 I just opened up the bottle and a ton of water poured out it was like the seller cut I with water . Also the bottle was not as pictured.I have purchased this in the past and loved it but due to his incident I am questions future purchases because it is so expensive .
 I have been a user of the Anthony Logistics for Men Shave Cream for years . I purchased off Amazon from the seller DetailsforMen because I did not have time to travel across town and purchase it locally from a store . The product comes in the same container that I purchase locally and looks and smells the same , but it is not the same product . It is more of a runny liquid , where the genuine product is thick and applies like a thin layer of paste . I will not by this product again on-line . Very disappointed and now distrustful .
 It gave me a razor burn sooooooooooooooo bad my girlfriend asked if Satan grabbed my face !
 It 's quiet , looks nice , battery indicator is a plus , but for $ 60 + dollars , this is a pretty weak shaver . The motor is just not strong enough , and it requires going over the same area a few times for a clean shave -LRB- which can cause some razor burns -RRB- . If you have a lot of facial hair , do n't get this model . I 've purchased Philips/Norelco shavers ever since I had to shave , one every few years , and they 're just getting weaker and weaker . I think it 's time to switch to a Panasonic ; pricey but worth the money for something that needs to be used all the time .
 Shaver started having a problem with the indicator lights staying on for an extended period of time and running the battery down . After several days the battery would no longer change . Would not recommend purchasing this model .
 My loving wife thought she was giving me a wonderful Christmas present when she purchased this razor . After all , I had put `` a really good electric razor '' on my wish list . The objective was to replace my 6 + year old Remington , which does an ok job but is kind of harsh on my skin.After thoroughly charging my new Norelco , I anxiously looked forward to a close , comfortable shave . My first observation was that the razor was very quiet -- to the point that I had to wonder whether it was working properly . When I put it to my face and the sound did n't change , I figured all was ok . After spending nearly twice the amount of time with the Norelco as I did with my old Remington , I settled for the fact that five o'clock shadow was about the best this puppy was going to do -- for me . This was disappointing as my sole reason for using an electric razor is to save time . All I want is one that provides a truly close shave -- comfortably , and within a reasonable period of time . To that end , this razor does not perform.I 've now owned the razor for about 8 months and use it only on the rare occasion that I need an afternoon touch-up . I concede that it is comfortable , hence the one star . I might have gone for two if the trimmer feature worked well . Sadly , it does not , even after the struggle to get it open.As a man with an average beard and sensitive skin , I just ca n't get worked up about this product .
 I bought two of these rings and both time the stone fell off in the male . I ordered one more because I want the ring I just hope it arrives in one piece .
 Does nothing . Overpriced even if it did do something . Returning for refund . Arrived with the lens unattached , but that should not have prevented it from working . I wore it for hours , never changed from all black , and no , I am not dead ... this ring is ! : - -RRB-
 Product was OK , but does n't do what I hoped it would . Too hard to read and to monitor finger temperature on a continuous basis .
 This stool looked great in the picture and put together easily . The first time it was used the wooden seat split along the joint . This was n't at the point of the screw placement but where the pieces of wood were glued together . Not sure if this can be fixed . Certainly not worth $ 60 !!!
 this DuroMed Teakspa Corner Shower Seat is nice to look at but cracked like a week or so after being in the shower without even being used , it was barely used so it wo n't break further but it finally broke when we put a leg on it and almost got hurt since my foot went right through , very dissapointing
 I purchased a Duro-Med TeakSpa Corner Shower Seat , Wood that is highly rated , but I was sent a Pollenex Seat instead . The Pollenex is lower rated and lower quality and almost half the price at Amazon than the Duro-Med . When it arrived I immediately contacted the company at the number provided and was told that they do not carry the Duro-Med any longer and have replaced it with the Pollenex . The invoice that came with the order did not indicate that they had replaced the item I ordered with another , nor was there any indication that the price should be adjusted . I explained that I wanted to return this item and was told that they would email me the information to have the order picked up for return .
 Well , I bought this for my pregnant wife so that she could shave her legs in our 3 ' by 4 ' standup shower , but this thing was a lot bigger than I 'd thought , and did n't fit at all . That part was my fault . What was really pathetic was that the wood on this thing chipped after only about a week being in the shower . How is that possible for a shower stool to chip in only a week in the shower ? I wonder what kind of wood this really is , because I 'm skeptical that it 's Teak . Anyway , I 'd stay away from this one . Unless you 're into lighting $ 60 on fire .
 I bought two of these rings and both time the stone fell off in the male . I ordered one more because I want the ring I just hope it arrives in one piece .
 Does nothing . Overpriced even if it did do something . Returning for refund . Arrived with the lens unattached , but that should not have prevented it from working . I wore it for hours , never changed from all black , and no , I am not dead ... this ring is ! : - -RRB-
 Product was OK , but does n't do what I hoped it would . Too hard to read and to monitor finger temperature on a continuous basis .
 I bought two of these rings and both time the stone fell off in the male . I ordered one more because I want the ring I just hope it arrives in one piece .
 Does nothing . Overpriced even if it did do something . Returning for refund . Arrived with the lens unattached , but that should not have prevented it from working . I wore it for hours , never changed from all black , and no , I am not dead ... this ring is ! : - -RRB-
 Product was OK , but does n't do what I hoped it would . Too hard to read and to monitor finger temperature on a continuous basis .
 I ordered this product for my parents who are residing in assisted living . It is well made and very good value for the price . It is a much better design than others that were recommended to me . It works well and the aides who work at the facility were very pleased with it also .
 The bench was very uncomfortable and hurt the base of the spine area . I hope to get rid of the thing quickly as I will never use it again .
 The bench itself is well made and sturdy . My only problem was with the cut out seat feature . The plug piece fits into a recess in the seat but does not fasten in . If the user adjusts his position or gets up , the plug sticks to his bottom and comes out of the recess . It then falls off and wedges diagonally in the cutout hole or falls through to the floor . Either action can cause an unexpected and painful twist to the lower back . THIS IS DANGEROUS . I contacted the manufacturer who told me they have no solution to this problem . I had to lace the plug down with string to make the bench useable .
 Bench is too long to fit when the toilet is next to the standard tub at the normal distance . Construction is light-duty at best . Assembly instructions probably would have been confusing if I was n't a mechanical engineer -LRB- which is a good thing since I 'm going to have to redesign it to fit -RRB- .
 Measure your tub carefully . Because of the flair of the legs and the construction of the slide this chair requires a very wide tub . For our tub , when the seat is fully &#34; in &#34; it is still well out over the tub wall , making it unusable . Wasted a lot of money . I would not recommend this chair .
 I ordered this product about a month ago for my brother who weighs about 200 lbs . When he was trying to transfer , the cut out would pop up out of place and cause him to nearly fall . Then we epoxied the cut out in place , then the notch which is suposed to keep it from falling through broke off and once again it was not secure .
 I ordered this product a few months ago and it was great . Then I ordered another batch a few weeks ago and it was absolutely fowl tasting . They sent me another batch but it also was horrible . I am not sure what happened but this bulk supplier is offering an unhealthy , unedible -LRB- possibly health damaging -RRB- product . Look elsewhere !
 My son is nine , and thought the idea of a vibrating watch would be great to remind him to check his blood sugar while at summer camp . This watch band has to wrap TWICE around his wrist , which makes the face of the watch stick up really high . So it looks huge on him , and to add to it , his friends all told him it looked `` baby-ish '' so there is no way he will wear it . I spent $ 100 on this watch that he is now mortified to wear .
 I purchased this product with little actual education on these types of devices but they were recommended for my particular situation so I trudged ahead with a review on the internet . I read previous reviews and with little hesitation I purchased the e-pill dispenser . I initially thought it was a rather pricey product but based upon the claims , assumed it would be an answer to one if my dilemmas . The ordering process was easy it was delivered as promised . I was a bit surprised at the actual size , it was much smaller than I expected . I read all the instructions and found them a bit difficult to understand and follow.I continued to `` program '' the various dispensing alarms and found it rather difficult . Once I finished , -LRB- it took me three attempts to program it correctly -RRB- I set the first alarm to go off five minutes later that the actual time . The alarm went off at the correct time , I disarmed the machine and less than 15 seconds the alarm sounded again . The machine rotated to the next position and in order to disable the alarm , I once again I turned it over held it there for about 10 seconds and then righted the machine and put it back on the table . Fifteen seconds later the alarm went off again . I repeated the disarming procedure and again 15 seconds later it sounded the alarm once again . I never got the machine to disarm until I pulled the batteries out of the machine.It took three attempts to contact e-Pill to request a return authorization but I was finally successful . I received a refund and additionally I found a machine for half the cost of the e-Pill machine . The new machine performs as advertised , has an AC power connection as well as battery back-up . I was able to program the new machine from a different manufacture the first time with ease . In short , review what the manufacture states about its product and shop for a fairly priced device . This e-Pill machine is neither . The e-Pill dispenser happens to be three pieces of $ 10 injection molded plastic and a $ 20 clock with some difficult programming options . I would not recommend this product .
 I think that pretty much sums it up . I have been adventurous in the way of toothpaste brand experimentation , but the bottom line is that the glory of minty freshness that accompanies any normal toothbrushing experience is not to be had with this paste . I bought it because I could n't choose between the GoSmile AM and PM formulas -LRB- neither of which I will be trying at this point -RRB- , and I saw that the proceeds would benefit research for autism . That might be the only good thing about it . That and the fact that because I never feel like my mouth is clean after I brush with what could easily be mistaken as icing -LRB- again , not in a good way -RRB- , I have been flossing and using mouthwash regularly for the first time in , well , a while . If you 're going to spend more than ten bucks on a tube of toothpaste , try one of the Marvis formulas -LRB- they have a new whitening paste that runs about $ 12 -RRB- . Or just go to Trader Joe 's and buy their brand . It 's like $ 2 and gets the job done mintily well .
 I got the blue color , and it makes it so that you ca n't even see your contact in there to get it out , so that sucks . And I just am not sure about the quality of these , theyre so much lighter than the ones from the store . Ehhh ...
 i dont like these cases because the color of the picture are dont have anything to do with the picture an i think my have a licking problem and its really small .
 Was hoping it would help with interstitial cystitis . After two days it caused a lot more pain instead . Will cut more foods out of my diet instead .
 It 's hard to review this item for the intended use since I was hoping the strips would act like the hydrocolloid blister bandages sold in drug stores . These do n't stick to the skin but merely act as buffering layer to reduce friction , ie in running .
 The goats milk drew me and this may work really well but after the first application I felt like gagging . Did n't suit me .
 This item did not rub onto my lips easily and I would prefer and more smooth chap stick . Just personal preference really .
 At first , I really liked this product , but after about two weeks of use , I started noticing my lips getting chapped and more dry than usual . There are some chapsticks that actually do the reverse of moisturizing your lips . This product completely dried out my lips as well as caused red blisters to form on the corners of my mouth . It 's been a few weeks now since I stopped using the product and the corners of my mouth are still recovering from it . I 've never had such an allergic reaction to any goat milk product , and I use goat milk serum and moisturizer al over my face from another company / brand with no issues . I am not sure what is in this product that made my skin react this harshly but whatever it was , I have stopped using it and have returned to my original Chapstick brand which has not dried out my lips .
 Hi ... . It is not as good as the one I have already which is hemp lip balm . It is the best I have used yet . . thank you .
 As said in the title , this product lists oils , leaf extracts and vitamins in it 's ingredients . The fancy ingredient list looks great except for the `` Essential Oil of Mentha Viridis Leaf . '' Products that are applied to the skin or lips that include anything `` mentha '' or `` menthol '' is a huge turn-off for me and ruins the whole product . This type of ingredient is irritating to the skin . I get frustrated whenever vendors include menthol-type ingredients in their products . They should know better than that ! Trying to draw customers in to the `` cooling '' sensation is bogus ! I ca n't return this , because I opened it before reading the ingredients . Waste of $ 1.65 - ugh
 I have used this for about a month now and have decided that this may be the worst chapstick I have ever used . It chaps your lips worse and you have to use it every half hour just to keep them from chapping again . Go for a different chapstick .
 Dried out my lips . Horrible fake spearmint flavor . I hated it . My daughter hated it . Will stick to Burt 's in future . Burt 's is the best out there . Period .
 This product actually dried out my lips and made the skin in the corners of my mouth crack.This product is not for everyone .
 I have very dry lips , and have tried a variety of lip balms over the years , ranging from low-end -LRB- Chapstick , Vaseline , Neutrogena etc -RRB- to higher-end -LRB- Jack Black , Kiehl 's , etc -RRB- . I decided to try this Canus organic lip balm out , but I did n't care for it . Its performance did n't help nearly as much as other brands on my lips . I also thought the odor was a little strong , and the balm itself was too soft -LRB- so I would get small pieces of it on my lip after applying -RRB- . Despite the low price , I wo n't be purchasing this again .
 There is so much hype about this product that I had to buy on for son . Ended up using a large zip lock bag after he passed the new born size diapers . Please save your $ 15.00 . Your baby does n't care where his diapers are kept .
 it works wonderfully , but i started waxing at home to save money . i only had enough wax for 2 bikini waxes , so the price was basically the same as in a salon . -LRB- about $ 25 each time -RRB-
 If all I wanted was a date flavored bar I 'd have bought a date bar . As a date bar they 're ok , just relabel them as such .
 I will never order again . The box was open , so I do n't know whether this was a returned item or really what happened to it . The expiration date is only 5 months out which is not what I expected .
 I went hiking for two weeks and every morning we were provided with larabars in our breakfast bag . At first it seemed no that bad , but then we got the cinnamon roll flavor and I could not even get halfway through , it is just plain disgusting .
 As someone on a low sodium diet I have to make many types of food which most people buy , such as applesauce , bread , ricotta , and granola . I think these bars-and other Larabar flavors - taste ` chemical ' to the point that they verge on artificial , despite being haled as all natural . `` Natural '' does not equal tasty , and it often means nothing important . Besides tasting better , I wish the sodium levels were more readable - and lower.Sure fat , sugar and protein are all important , but more people die of cardiac disease and hypertension - linked to high sodium in the diet - than from lack of protein .
 Why put unsweetened ingredients in one of these bars ? Unsweetened chocolate ? Disgusting . This product lacks flavor and is way too heavy and dense . I also do n't know what could be nastier than unsweetened coconut . It needs to be lighter in texture and a lot sweeter -LRB- not cloyingly so -RRB- and then this might be at least tasty . As it is , it is a waste of money and an absolute disappointment.To the manufacturer
 Having read the other reviews , I wonder if mine had just gone bad . It has almost a fermented alcohol-like smell.My husband got the cashew bar , I got the banana cookie.Both were were so nasty we threw them away without eating them .
 I have been eating Larabar bars for years and love Pecan Pie bars . A few days ago I received a box from a warehouse in Kentucky . The box had oil spots on it and when I opened a bar , there was a strange odor , almost like fermentation . I ate it because I had no lunch with me at work , but now I have 15 more bars that I will not eat . I think the temperature at the warehouse was too hot . I 've never had this problem before .
 If I wanted unprocessed unsweetened cherries , dates , and almonds , I would eat them all individually , not mashed up and packaged up in a bar . These taste terrible . 2 stars for being healthy , but tasting awful .
 These bars are horrible ! I thought I had gotten used to GF food being bad but this was worse !
 Still not received more than a month after ordering product . Request for information taking forever too . Not sure if it will be rectified .
 These are not worth the money and are not that healthy . When unprocessed cashews or pecans are compared to the fat , calorie and protien content in Lara Bars a person would be better off eating the nuts mixed with no sugar added dried fruit . Also , the texture leaves something to be desired .
 Everyone in my family shares my opinion that these things taste absolutely HORRIBLE . I feel really bad for someone who needs to eat Gluten/Dairy/Soy-free or Vegan/Kosher foods . If I had to live on these alone -LRB- and I do n't -RRB- , I 'd convert back to being a non-vegan or whatever . We all tried the Cherry Pie flavor , and what this thing has to do with cherry pies is way beyond me . It 's a lump of semi-solid goop with some nuts and dried fruits that taste sour and bitter and somewhat sticky . Simply gross to the point I could n't even finish one bar . I may not be a health food nut , but I know what tastes like crap when I taste it ... and these things are crap all the way . Steer clear . Even 1/2 hour after , I still have that horrible taste in my mouth and need to go brush my teeth to get rid of it .
 Larabars are one of the several natural companies that are fighting labeling GMO 's . Do n't buy them !! It is important for us to know what is in our food .
 Looking at the reviews I see that I 'm not the only one who got a box of moldy bars . The flavor I ordered was Key Lime Pie . I like Lara bars , but have n't ordered them in a while . What a disapointment to get a box of mold . They did n't expire until 2013 , so I do n't know what caused it . I 'm realizing now I should have contacted Amazon , but I just got side tracked . I 'm debating whether I should chance it again . I used to order these all the time without a problem , so I 'm not sure what 's changed .
 Yuck ! Moldy . For the price , they should be mold free . I ate one before I noticed the mold , and it tasted good , but GROSS ! MOLD !
 The Cherry Pie flavor is , for me , far too tart . I really prefer the pecan Pie bar out of all the `` Pie '' flavors .
 I figured I would give Larabar a try since I want to cut down my chips/cookie snacking on those late afternoon . I also shared them with my family and friends which got me varying opinions . There was only one person that complained it was too sweet . Other health conscious , ingredient readers were impressed with the make and taste . For myself , I thought they were OK . I do n't normally snack on fruit bars like this so it took a bit to get accustomed to the sticky and `` oily '' fruit bar.As I was coming to the last couple bars in my Key Lime Pie , I ventured to get the Coconut Pie . Oddly , they almost tasted the same except for a slightly stronger coconut taste . It still had the `` core '' of dates and nuts , etc. . What really jumped at me is on my 2nd to last Key Lime Pie ... I noticed fuzzy edge on the bar . The box stated it has n't expired either so I am hoping this is a single bad bar in the box . However it does n't help that to search the term on the comments here that someone had a whole box of * bad * . I 'll see how the coconut pie fares but the mental image is now stuck on me . It is an OK alternative but I may seek another late afternoon snack .
 Larabars were recommended to me as a great gluten free snack . I know that I need to alter my food expectations and stop to comparing to `` real food '' -LRB- that is the gluten containing food -RRB- , but I could n't even swallow the Carrot Cake Larabar . I tried it and really wanted to like it , but I could n't do it ! I 'm still in search of some fabulous gluten free snacks .
 Food Safety Recall
 I normally love Larabars so I thought it would be great to buy a box rather than individual bars from the supermarket . I ordered the bars mid-December and opened them in early January . Every bar was covered in white fuzzy mold . The bars have not yet reached the expiration date so I think it 's only right that I would be refunded my money for this purchase .
 I 've gotten this flavor larabar from the grocery store and loved it . In fact , that was the reason why I purchased it from Amazon - because the cost per unit is so much lower . The peanut butter cookie bar from the grocery store was moist and delicious . The bars I received from Amazon taste stale . They 're dry and crumbly . The expiration date is not until 2013 so I do n't understand why they would be this way but they are . I wo n't be reordering any more Larabars from Amazon !
 Every one of the bars have a white fuzzy mold on them . It is disgusting!Fortunately , I received a refund ; without having to go through the hassle of having to package them up and send them back .
 These bars are normally good but the shipment we got was moldy and inedible . Amazon 's customer service was very helpful , agreeing to send a replacement box without requiring us to send the bad bars back . Unfortunately the second shipment was every bit as moldy as the first.I would not order from this vendor again until they get their act together .
 the bars i received are old . the expiration date on the bars i buy in the store are usually have an expiration for 2 years later . the bars i received expire in 6 months . the bars i received through amazon were also very crumbly , a different color , dry , and brittle . in comparison , the store bought ones were moist , darker -LRB- the color of dates -RRB- , and did n't crumble or fall apart as i tried to eat them . plus , i 'm not saving any money by purchasing the bars through amazon . from now on , i 'm just gon na purchase my lara bars at trader joe 's . it 's the same price and i know i 'll have a fresher product .
 My daughter is extremely sensitive to gluten so many products that promote themselves as gluten free prove to be otherwise when my daughter has a gluten reaction . For the sake of keeping my daughter healthy I contact companies asking them if they test for gluten and if gluten is processed in the same facility . If it is then it is almost certainly contaminated . Most companies give me a detailed and open answer so that I can make the best decision for my daughter . They do n't assume they know if the product is okay for my daughter or not . They give me the facts and the numbers and let me make my own decision . Larabar did NOT give me a clear answer . They gave me a very vague answer assuring me that they went through stringent testing but they did not say what kind of testing . They also said their products met the FDA requirements for gluten free which is so BOGUS b/c the FDA currently does not have any sort of requirements or enforcements for gluten free labels . They are proposing implementing one but have not yet done so . So Larabar is attempting to deceive me . They also did not answer my question if gluten was also processed in the facilities that process Larabars . Again , most other companies answer me directly on this and are very helpful . I was so turned off by Larabar 's response that I want nothing to do with them . It was obvious they could care less about my daughter 's health . Ultimately , they put their profits above children 's health .
 Watch out for this one . There are 12 bars , but they are bite sized . The price is way too high .
 I really relied heavily on reviews on this one . Unfortunately after receiving the bars I was sorely disappointed . I like the RAWness of these bars but they do n't taste like coconut , they do n't taste like pecan pie . They taste like a slightly tart pecan date nut log . I LOVE pecans and dates but I like my dates sweet . These are n't . Too bad for me but hopefully I can help the next guy out . Great deal though for those of you that like these bars .
 I 'm not a fan . If you like dense and dry , like a pack of desicated Fig Newtons compressed into a single bar , then Larabars may be for you , but they 're not for me .
 You better like the taste of dates as that 's all you taste with these bars . No way this should be called apple pie .
 I love Larabars . I love pistachios . Pistachio Larabars are awful . horrid fruitcake taste and not enough pistachios . back to cashew cookie and cherry pie .
 Horrendous texture and even worse taste ! Bar was waxy , dense and bland tasting with NO semblence of pecan pie flavor whatsoever . My expectations were reasonable considering that this is a nutritional product rather than an actual slice of pecan pie , but it was so awful I had to throw it away after 2 bites , followed by a thorough rinse-and-spit session with a glass of cold water . Blah ! Sorry Larabar , I tried to like you ...
 These bars must be rancid they taste so terribly bitter . I love Lara Bars , and I 'm not a picky eater , but these are so terrible , we had to brush afterwards . Sent these back .
 I was very excited to be able to order a box to work instead of having to remember to bring them from home but the quality was not as good as when purchased at Whole Foods or Trader Joes .
 -LRB- NOTE
 I received these bars a few weeks ago , they have an expiration date of Mar 09 , 2013 but there is a lot of mold on them . Please look at them closely before eating them .
 I purchased these through Warehouse Deals , and even though they still had not reached the &#34; sell by &#34; date ... the bars were covered in fuzzy white mold . Ick . I have bought many food items on Amazon and never had a problem with mold . I have bought many Larabars individually and in the 5 pack boxes and never had mold .
 I was a HUGE fan and recommended it highly . However , I just tossed a whole box . Something has changed -- and not in a good way . I had concerns last year and thought maybe the taste was `` off '' just on the one box . So I picked up another box last week . It 's even WORSE ! Since General Mills bought LaraBars -LRB- Humm Foods -RRB- three years ago , the product just seems to have gone down hill . It does n't have the same fresh , alive taste ; there is a harsh , metallic flavor that indicates whatever machinery produces the bar now is not being properly cleaned . Also the bar did n't used to be so oily to the touch . Oily , weird flavors in nut bars make me think the nuts have gone rancid.Since I am writing , I also want to say it has bugged me for years that AMAZON continues to misrepresent the maker of LaraBars in the title of the product `` LaraBar '' by `` LaraBar '' . I suppose this is because people who generally buy raw food product are not usually the same people who support multinational food conglomerates like General Mills . But it just makes me think that Amazon thinks consumers are ignorant . I feel insulted every time I see it .
 Love this product , however the bars where hard and dried out . Did n't really realize until I purchased a single bar at the grocery store , which was moist and chewy . This large count box has clearly sat around in the warehouse for a while ...
 i picked those bars , because they 're my favorite larabars . When package arrived , I noticed , that even though there 's still 2 months till expiration date , my bars are stale and do n't taste as the one I was usually getting at my grocery store .
 I just thought I 'd give these a try being all natural with such a short list of ingredients . Basically they are just okay ... The flavor is dominated by the dates . I just use them as a snack bar , but I basically try to find something else to eat instead .
 I heard nothing but raves about this bar and how it tastes `` just like cherry pie ! '' . Ummm , perhaps people need to eat more cherry pie , because the cherry pie I 'm used to tastes nothing like these ... These tastes a lot more like someone doused a date and nut bar with sour cherry juice.Too tart and WAY too sweet .
 Beware , these small bars have nearly as many calories and fat as a candy bar.Taste of the chocolate coconut chew variety is best described as bittersweet cocoa mixed with lard .
 How many calories ? How much fat/trans fat ? How much protein ? Full ingredients should be listed - they sound great but nutritional info should be supplied.Too much of a puzzle to order without knowing ... Petunia
 It took me a decade of yo-yo dieting on various plans , four short-term successes , and now , hopefully , a long-term success is on the way . I have lost 35 lbs in 6 months , and going strong . I lost it gradually and within recommended weight loss recommendations -LRB- 1-2 lbs a week -RRB- . I did n't starve myself , stop my social life for any diet 's decrees , and I definitely was n't under the tutelage of any one diet . I have done that already and realize a few things
 I did like the taste of this bar , but I thought -LRB- from the description of the bar that was given -RRB- that it was going to have more of a crunch to it . It was too chewy , I wanted it more crunchy . Other than that it was ok .
 Although I love larabars , this was a bit too strong of a ginger taste for me . Good quality , good texture but just too much ginger for me .
 I love Kind bars and when I saw this listed as a &#34; fruit and nut food bar &#34; I thought I was orderingsomething similar . I ordered the cherry pie flavor and it does taste like that but the texture islike you took the liquid part of cherry pie filling and made it thicker and formed it into a bar . Noactual pieces of fruit and no nuts , only a few tiny pieces scattered through out the &#34; jelly &#34; thatwere light in color and presumably are tiny nut flakes . This is more like the candy fruit slices yousee at the holidays than what I consider to be a fruit , nut bar . Did not like this at all .
 I love many flavors of Larabars and like how they are raw and simple . I bought one of this flavor to see if I wanted a box ... no way . You get the coconut that hits your taste buds first ... then you are instantly smacked with an aftertaste of * SOAP * ! Terrible . I tried 3 bites to see if it got better ... NO . I 'd never recommend this although I do like other flavors .
 I liked the fact that this product has a simple ingredient list and I could find gluten and dairy free protein bars . So after hearing much about these , I decided to try them . I tried various flavors , but still I just do n't like them . The texture is probably the worst part , I just find it gross and gummy . As for taste , they 're rather bland . I think there are better tasting healthy options out there . As for me , I wo n't be purchasing these again .
 I bought one single banana bread bar to taste before ordering . It was absolutely disgusting - bitter without a hint of banana . I could n't even swallow a small bite . Very disappointing .
 Very disappointed in the taste ; was not at all what I expected from the description in a vegan book I read . I 'll try some of the other bars , but the cherry pie was too sweet and not pleasant , to me .
 very crumbly . what a mess ! We eat larabars on a regular basis and this combo crumbled out of the package .
 I really like Larabars in general and was stoked to get blueberry ones , but these do n't taste like blueberries at all . They 're more like unsalted cashews that have a weird sweetness to them . Get the Apple Pie or the Cherry ones , those rock !
 I love Larabars , and have about 1 a day during the week - so much so , that I have been ordering them in bulk to save a few bucks . I very much like the spiciness of the Ginger Snap flavor , and is probably my 4th favorite flavor -LRB- after the brownie , bluberry muffin and pecan pie -RRB- . Unfortunately , the latest bars I received were moldy , and they do n't expire for months . This item is not eligible for return , which is unfortunate . $ 25 into the compost ... what a waste !
 The texture of the bar is good , like all Lara Bars . The flavor on the other hand was gross . One of my children likened it to `` Chewing on a rotten Banana Peel '' .
 I have been feeling so sick that I wanted to try just about anything to help . I ordered these and to my surprise they taste really good . It helped a little for about an hour and then all of a sudden I got worse then I was before . I have been worse ever since . I have a good friend who also tried these and it did the same thing to her too . It may work for some women but it did n't work for me AT ALL !!!
 I bought these hoping they would help with my nausea . Instead , every time I ate one , I threw up promptly thereafter . I 've actually had much better luck with preggie pops .
 I 've ordered psyllium from another source and was please but this stuff had some hard seeds or something that did not disolve in my smoothie -LRB- where I use it -RRB- . wo n't order this again .
 Pros : - Great looking design . Feels great in your hand and you can really notice Philips used high quality materials to make this -LRB- not cheap plastic -RRB- . - Jet cleaning system wo n't take a lot of space in your bathroom - Relatively silent - Captures the majority of the facial air from the shave leaving the sink spot cleanCons : - Did n't feel any difference in terms of shave quality from previous low end models that I owned in the past -LRB- like the 8200 series -RRB- . At this price point I was expecting more - The Jet Cleaning System is a joke - very poor engineering
 I have been a loyal Norelco user for 25 + years , but there are so many things wrong with their latest model that I am now trying out all the competitors to see which I should switch to . Because of the following product flaws , my Norelco Arcitec is on its way back to Amazon for a refund.-Whiskers are not captured in the shaving head , and instead I get a light `` rain '' of little hairs as I shave . This alone was enough to turn me off of this new model -LRB- especially when the wife saw the whisker rain and informed me that the shaver would be leaving the house -RRB- , but the rest of the problems makes it even worse.-Charging / cleaning system works well , but the instructions expect you to unplug the base unit after the cycle is complete . For ~ $ 200 , I expect to be able to to hit a button , have it do its thing and I do n't have to think about the shaver until its time to use it again the next day . The instructions state multiple times that the shaver should not be left to charge once the charge is complete . But - the cleaning cycle takes about 10 minutes and then needs another ~ 2 hours to dry , implying that the base unit should be unplugged 2 hours after you push the button to start the cleaning cycle . REALLY ? - is n't everyone at work by then ? - The hard shell travel case provides good protection -LRB- probably needed since the head unit with the blades seems like it could break off -RRB- . But - the case is so big that I would have to buy a new travel kit just to hold the thing . It would easily take up 1/2 of a standard sized dopp kit.-Trimmer blade is useless . Mentioned in other reviews ... really - it is completely useless.I DID like the cleaning system and was surprised at how well it worked . Having a freshly cleaned razor every morning is a compelling feature , so I 'll be looking for that in the next model I try out . -LRB- Braun is looking like a winner -RRB- . I was open to experiment and try out this Norelco Arcitec model , but there were just too many problems to justify the cost . Hope they study actual customer feedback and come out with a re-design that makes me want to come back to their brand .
 What happened to norelco ?? I have had a norelco power shaver for years ! and it has been great . It just lost its recharge ability and I think the blades are now just a bit dull , however , always a quick , close shave . This new , HIGHLY OVERPRICED shaver is TERRIBLE ! Its quickness is like that of a snail , its shave is like that of a choppy lawnmower , and its charge is like that of an old used duracell ! this is supposed to be the revolution in shaving !??? I think not . The only reason I bought it in the first place is because I had been so happy with my old shaver , at least 10 years old not , I expect this one to last a mere few months , if that , and never even come close to the shave of its predecessor . Shame on you Philips Norelco , you should pay some real designers to try and mimic all the designers you obviously outsourced to INdia . Lame ...
 Over a years I had three deferent models from Norelko . Philips Norelco 1050cc worst shaver EVER HAD.iT IS TAKE FOREVER TO SHAVE . And even after forever I don not have good shave.STRONGLY RECOMENDET DOnT EVEN think TO BUY THIS SHAVER
 i purchased this norelco from best buy it looked cool and was the most expensive one there so i figured it has to be good . came home was very excited opened it was very stylish i had a light 5 ocklock shadow going on so i decided to shave it . i had to go over FIVE times to cut most of my beard off and it left behind many little hairs . very sloppy job.i spent a little more and got the BRAUN shaver which is 10 times better even though it doesnt look as stylish and is bigger .
 I bought the Norelco 1050CC -LRB- shaver and cleaning system -RRB- . Here is what I like and do n't like : Pros : - Shaved great for an electric-Cleaned up well in the automatic cleaner-I know others complained but I had less razor burn than other shaversCons : - Beard/Sideburn trimmer is ineffective and located in a very poor place.-The angle of the trimmer seems awkward to use.-MOST OF ALL the recharging system is a complete disappointment . Basically you start the cleaning cycle and have to wait around to unplug the shaver so that the battery does n't get ruined . It even tells you in the instructions not to leave it plugged in if your battery is charged -- which is 90 percent of the time . VERY VERY stupid.I would have kept this razor otherwise if it was n't for the illogical charging/cleaning system . You pretty much have to choose between waiting 5 minutes watching your razor clean itself every morning or be okay with ruining your battery . It is enough of an inconvenience that I am returning it and going back to my Norelco quadra trac .
 I 've used Norelco products for 30 years and this is the only one that has ever disappointed me . It creates skin burn and takes forever to actually shave your beard and I do n't even have a tough beard . After 6 months , the cleaning stand system quit working.I pulled out my old Norelco Cool Skin 7775X , recharged it and was surprised at how much better of a shave I got with the old razor . Now I need to find a replacement head for the old one and trash the Arcitec.Norelco makes great products , this is the exception that proves the rule .
 I have been using Norelco shavers for over 35 years . For the first time , I am dissatisfied . I have been using the arcitec 1050cc for almost three weeks , and I have yet to get a decent shave . It leaves lots of stubble . Also , caring for this shaver is a real pain in the neck . I am probably going to go back to my Norelco 8240XL . Philips Norelco Speed 8240XL Men 's Shaving System
 This was my first rotory razor I purchased . I thought I would try something new , and the Philips name has always been good . I would have thought that a high name would have a better product and I figured that rotory razors should have come along way in the past 10 years . I have always used foil razors for years prior to this.I used the razor for a week ; trying different preshave chemicals to help reduce the burn I was receiving . The razor felt smooth to the skin , but it left my neck red and burning feeling all day long . Nothing helped to reduce that feeling either.The only positive attribute is that Philips has the money back guarantee . There was n't a catch at all , but it does take 4-6 weeks to receive the refund.Needless to say , I went back to a foil razor , which happens to be a Panasonic Vortex . It is what I left to buy this Philips razor . I was never so happy to get rid of something . The Panasonic takes me half the time to shave , gives me a closer shave , and no burn . All of the razors already positive features where enhanced when I continued using the remaining Electric Shave preshave prior to shaving with the Panasonic.I will never purchase another rotory razor again ! It was the worst shaving experience I have had with razors .
 It 's one of the coolest electric razors I 've seen . I bought the 1060 which is the same thing as this one except the display . I could n't wait to get this one . I love Norelco 's products . I bought this shaver and tried it for a couple of weeks and found it delivers a really harsh uncomfortable shave with lots of razor burn which I never got from my other Norelco . I think one reason for the harsh shave is that it does n't have the floating heads anymore that easily give to the contours of your face , this seems to plow into curves instead and you also do n't get the range of pivoting that the previous models have -LRB- I noticed this did n't surround my Adams Apple like my 9160XL does it sits flat on it -RRB- . It gives a decent shave but not a great shave like I was hoping and you have to go over areas many times . I think who ever designed this razor just went for how sleek and cool they could make it look and the function came second . You can get as good of shave with a 8140XL SpeedXL which has the same cutting head technology and gain the comfort and save $ 120 . It just wo n't look as cool on your counter . I 've sent mine back and I just bought a Braun Pulsonic 9595 and it 's the best shaver I 've ever owned . Sorry Norelco but when I spend $ 200 dollars I just do n't want something that looks good I want it improved too .
 this beautiful electric razor never had a chance . when opened christmas morning we tried to set up the razor on the charging station . the place where it should sit was loose and when we pushed the razor into place on it , the razor sprung off onto the wooden floor and then one wheel flew into pieces . it 's all plastic toy pieces ! I hate to think what would have happened if it had sprung onto a hard bathroom floor.a big disappointment .
 : : I own the standard 1050 Arcitc razor without the cleaning contraption -LRB- CC -RRB- , so my review is solely for that portion of the product : : I was drawn in by the sleek modern looks of this razor . I 'm always used Philips Norelco rotaries in the past and have been very happy with them . My last razor was aPhilips Norelco SpeedXLand I 'd still be using it today if I had not worn out 2 of the blades after 4 years of heavy use . In fact , I keep it around to help get the stray hairs the Arcitec misses.If your stubble is medium to heavy thickness , then this razor will annoy the heck out of you . What used to take me about 2 minutes now takes more than 5 . It just does n't want to cut ... and if you have more than 2 days ' growth , you are really in for a problem . It takes multiple passes with me stretching my skin to try to get the hairs up for this razor to get at them , and even then it misses some . It is less than 6 months old and it 's as if the blades have gotten dull . But they do n't pull at the hairs so that is not it . It took 2 years for my last razor 's blades to dull . This one just refuses to cut well . I clean and charge it religiously , so that is n't the issue either . To top it off , the small extendable straight razor is all but useless because the main shaving head gets in the way.This is a good looking razor that holds a charge for a long time , but that is where the pros end . I wish I could return it but I waited too long . I 'll be going back to the bulkier -LRB- but quieter -RRB- XL style after this one , or maybe even convert to a Braun . You let me down with this product Philips .
 I am a long time user of Norelco shavers . Recently I purchased their new 1050X ARCITEC shaver . I do NOT like it . The grip -LRB- motor unit -RRB- is too small and not comfortable to hold while shaving . The floating head unit is too flimsy . The unit requires that the shaving units be opened and cleaned on EVERY use - a pain in the neck . I like the basic Norelco units and really like their SPEED-XL series shavers , which by the way are much less expensive than the Arcitec units . I my estimation , the Arcitec shavers are not worth their expense and I regret wasting my money on one . Stick with their standard units and enjoy their performance .
 This is probably my 5th Norelco in 20 years . I have tended to buy a higher-up model each time and I was happy until the Arcitec . For a while it seemed to give a so-so shave but i spent a * lot * of time going over areas and trying to get stray whiskers.Now , after only a few months , the blades have become very dull , and it is useless . I pulled an older Norelco out of a travel kit and am using that for now . The replacement blade head is about $ 35 and I am not sure I will bother . At the rate this went I could spend $ 140 a year on replacements . And everybody seems out of stock , anyway . I wonder why : -LRB- I think guys who rate this highly must either have very easy beards or be suffering from cognitive dissonance -- I spent a lot of dough so it * has * to be good !
 I have been shaving for over 17 years now and this razor would be good if you just had peach fuzz and do n't get a 5 o'clock shadow by noon . I used this razor for a week thinking I would give this a try with the money back offer . Here are my opinions : It feels like you have a piece of plastic in your hand instead of a sturdy shaving system . You can not get a close shave on the neck . Even after grinding the shaver into my neck for several minutes it still looked the same . Forget about using the trimmer I could do better with my nose trimmer for my sideburns . Price ... for what it delivered it was not worth it.Pros
 I just bought this razor today and I 'm kicking myself for not doing a little research first . It does look cool and the floating head made me think that it would give me a nice , close shave with little razor burn ... not even close . I had to apply A LOT of pressure for it to even do what it 's supposed to -LRB- which is shave hair off my face -RRB- and that gave me some awesome razor burn . Thanks Norelco ! You will not get a consistent shave if you buy this razor . It 's an over priced piece of junk and it 's getting returned today . Thanks you .
 The Philips Norelco Arcitec is the WORST shaving electric razor that Philips Norelco has ever made !!!! Stay away from it and the 8260XL which is just as bad . If your looing for a good electric razor that delivers a close comfortable shave then get the Philips Norelco 7340XL . It shaves WAY better than these higher priced models and it is on sale at Walmart for $ 39.99 . While these other razors sell anywhere from $ 150.00 to $ 249.00 and they are a waste of money and dont shave worth a crap !!!! Please see my review of the 7340XL and if you have any questions email me at -LSB- ... -RSB- Good Shaving-Michael P.S.-This review was written May 25 , 2010 , not December 20,2007 !!!
 The idea of the floating shaving head and each rotary blade having it 's own pivoting point to contour to your face sounds great but the fact isThis razor is terrible . It did not shave nearly as close as my previous norelco shaver . This arcitec caused more irritation and razor burn than any other razor I have used including cheapo disposable single blade razors . Reason being is I found that I would have continuously pass over the same area over and over and could n't get the hair Shaved especially on my neck . It literally took about 15 minutes to obtain an acceptable shave . Note that I do have sensitive skin and a tough beard . Anyway I returned the razor and purchased norelco 8260 with the jet cleaning system and I have to say the shave with it is amazing . I got a shave that is as close as a blade with very little irritation in about 5 minutes . Save yourself -LRB- ... -RRB- buy the 8260CC
 I have owned Norelco Shavers for over 30 years . This model was painful to shave with . It took excessive pressure against the skin to shave . The trimmer does not pop out far enough to be useful . The only thing I liked that I did n't think I would like was the cleaner . My older Norelco shaved closer , did not miss hairs , and was comfortable to use . The shaver does look pretty and inovative but dose n't shave worth a hoot !
 After an extended try out of more than a year , I have to conclude this is the worst shaver I 've ever seen . Neither the shaver shaves , nor the cleaning system clean . This thing is so bad , that I do n't know how to dispose of it . I would n't give it to anyone I know , I would n't accept any money for it . It is shamefully bad .
 There are three major problems with this tape that make it a huge disappointment
 I believe that Amazone misrepresent this product , which was shown as mint flavored Johnson & Johnson Stim-u-dents . The product sent to me was made in China and was not mint flavored . I believe that I should receive a full refund for a product thatStim-U-Dent Plaque Removers , Mint Flavor 4 - 25 packs -LSB- 100 picks -RSB- -LRB- Pack of 10 -RRB- was totally misrepresented and of inferior quality .
 First , this appears to be a serious FALSE advertisement by Amazon . This product SHOULD NOT be listed as a product by Johnson & Johnson . I ordered them and the box CLEARLY SAYS `` MADE IN CHINA '' by a company called `` Revive Personal Products Company . '' There is no excuse for Amazon to not have corrected this misrepresentation after all this time . I see where someone complained about this back in 2011 . Amazon , how can you be so unfair and abusive to your customers ? This product is a typical inferior China-made product . The stimudents are fragile and they split every time and sometimes break off while between your teeth . THIS IS A LOUSY , INFERIOR PRODUCT EVERYBODY !!!! I did give it 2-stars only because it does remove some of the bits between the teeth.In addition , I wonder whether Johnson & Johnson even makes this product any longer . It is not listed on their website.IN addition , with my recent experience with American Wholesale , they kept trying to rip me off in sending the quantity I ordered . They had to send me 3 different packages before they finally got it right - only after I kept having to complain about the quantity . Shipping the quantity the customer ordered is not rocket science and I took it as intentional .
 The product I received is distributed by Revive Personal Products ... not Johnson and Johnson . It states it is Made in China . Do n't like the quality . Much cheaper feel to it . Was afraid I 'd get a sliver from them . Wo n't re-order . Do n't know why I ca n't find the J&J Stim-U-dents in any store -LRB- Jewel-Osco , Walgreens , etc. , anymore .
 The advertising for this product is not reliable . I found the off brand `` yoga toes '' to lack the flexibility that is necessary for a comfortable fit . They were difficult to place over the toes and would n't stay on . I sent them right back and ordered the real thing .
 I purchased the brand name first and was very happy with it . If you have bunions , etc. this help your foot . I 've lost my Yoga toes and decided to purchase the cheaper version . The cheaper one are not as flexible and uncomfortable . I will buy again the brand name .
 I think , well there went ten bucks down the drain . I was going to return them but since I wore them I thought not . I have some ball of the foot and toe issues of late and saw the `` real yoga toes '' on a search and decided to save $ 25 . Ca n't imagine the real ones being worth that much . Perhaps they are . I am using these `` cheap `` er ones now and do see some minor benefit from the idea . It 's just that they keep sliding off . I am reaching down often to get back on . Perhaps my toes are too small . My husband laughed when he saw them on me and said `` boy , did they see you coming '' ! LOL Well , try this ... I remembered I had some pedicure toe seperator sponge things ... low and behold ... THEY STAY PUT !!! WOW ! Who would have thunk for a dollar and 99cents you could get same effect ! I suggest to try that first .
 These are not flexible at all . They really hurt and do n't work . What a waste of money . I do use them to paint my toenails .
 These may have helped IF I were able to actually spread my toes enough to fit in the holes . They should come in a smaller size for female feet .
 I had one brfore for several years and it really did n't do what it should have doneYours may be headed in the same direction I have used it several times including during the night while sleeping -LRB- kind of -RRB- !! also several days for as long as 8 hrs.and once or twice longer.bob
 These are strong bags . We have used them in the past and like their size and durability . I do n't like getting 5 per box . I liked the older packaging which gave you 25 or 50 per box .
 I bought one of these after buying one of the cheaper ones . It worked great on my auto accident injured neck . If you have ever been on a $ 10,000 cervical traction machine at doctors the relaxing sensation is similar . Unfortunately , it blew out at about six weeks .
 I tried to send the collar back and it is a health item so they will not let you return it otherwise they have a 20 percent restocking charge . Will not buy from these people again .
 Instructions for some other product came with this therefore difficult to learn how to use it at first . Once I figured it out I still did n't like it because it 's uncomfortable to wear .
 I 'm tall and have a longer than average neck . This device , even when fully inflated , does n't reach both my shoulder and skull . I am forced to wrap a towel around my shoulders and then place the device on top of the towel in order to raise it up high enough to get any traction . In addition , the one way valve in the inflating bulb pops out a lot - the `` plumbing '' feels cheap .
 The title says it all . I have previously ordered the same item with the same `` Dr. Bob 's '' brand . The box says `` Made in China '' . But , in general , this device made all the difference for me previously -LRB- C6/C7 pinched nerve causing numbness in fingers and pain in my arm -RRB- . So , if you know how to get one without the smell , I say go for it . I will try to return mine when I get the time and hope to get a non-smelly replacement .
 Terrible product that was not thought out well . The majority of the pressure is put on the jaw and the TMJ . This device causes more problems than it relieves .
 I was told about this product from a friend that she seen it on dr oz , gave it a try and does not work at all , this does n't deserve a rating but I had to select one .
 I have to be honest . I heard about the product on Dr. Oz . It was said to be all natural , no side effects , just results . Well I got the product home , and guess what ? Half of the bottle was filled with horrible side effects . It scared me so bad that I never even tried it . None of side effects showed up when I purchesed the product . I will check more closely the next time .
 This product was a waste of my time and money . I take it as directed and has not helped at all . I run a mile everyday on top of my daily activities as well as walking the dogs a mile . I have not lost any weight since taking this supplement and exercising . I do not feel that my metabolism has changed at all . Still hungry at all the same times and still have the same appetite . I am not over weight but would like to lose a few pounds for the summer season . I would not recommend this product to others .
 Bought this for icing my wrists after long days typing . The cold pack itself is too small and the wrapping system -LRB- synthetic felt with a piece of sticky-back Velcro -RRB- is a joke . Keep shopping and skip past this one .
 The velcro on this thing came apart after 3 uses and , granted I was using it on my shoulder , but it never stayed put . Thankfully it is easy enough to glue the velcro to the ice pack for to make it more permanent , but I do n't think I would ever microwave it . All in all , bad purchase .
 I bought this because it said it is large . My knees are n't fat but this wrap is essentially impossible to get over my knee . I love the heat from my Thermalon neck wrap and thought this would be wonderful . Do n't buy it unless you have skinny legs .
 seam failed on one of a pair , that i 'd used about 4 times . feels really good and promotes healing , from too much bowling -LRB- if there can be such -RRB- . but the little white pills all over the floor are a big aggravation . once again , performing quality control for the manufacturer , at the expense of my time .
 Several problems with this product :1 -RRB- For a `` large '' heat pad and it is not that large , maybe about the size of a piece of looseleaf paper . I was expecting something big enough to reach from shoulder to shoulder and maybe halway down my back . No go , but ok I could have dealt with that . However ... 2 -RRB- Then I put this thing in the freezer for 2 hours as it says in the directions and when I take it out and put it on my back , it 's barely cold . I return it to the freezer , wait 6 hours and take it out - slightly cooler . I can not recommend purchasing this item if you need something that can TRULY get cold.I never got to try out the `` hot pad '' function because I returned it shortly after being disappointed with the cooling function.For those who want something truly COLD , pick up theMabis Dmi Healthcare Rubber Water Bottle , Red , One , which is also sold on Amazon . I put that in the freezer for 2 hours and it 's literally a block of ice that I could place on my back - and it is oh so cold . Perfect for my needs . -LRB- not as big as I 'd like , but I got 2 of them and that worked out just fine ! -RRB-
 They do n't taste too bad because they have loads of sugar but you will never mistaken these for candy bars . They still have that weird protein shake taste and I could only taste a hint of cookie dough flavor . Also the bar is very chewy so it will take you some time to consume the whole thing.I suppose in an emergency situation you could get away with these but I find it easier just to eat real food . I would find a can of tuna , water , and a piece of fruit more enjoyable than chewing away at this and other meal replacement bars . This particular bar is a meal replacement bar and not just a protein bar but I think there are so many other ways to put together a 400 calorie meal that tastes much better than this product.At least this bar has real sugar . Some bars that advertise only 2 or 3 grams of sugar are loaded with sugar alcohols or some other chemicals that are not good for you . Then again , I do n't know how 25 grams of sugar is supposed to help you reach any weight-loss or nutrition goals.The pictures on all of these meal replacement products look appetizing but in reality the product itself is anything but.My advice is to find a way to just get your protein from real food . It 's healthier , cheaper , and it tastes better .
 Worst tasting protein bar i 've ever had , its torture eating this thing . It has a good amount of protein , but that 's about all it has going for it .
 The big 100 bar exceeds expectations in terms of the supplements it offers . What it fails at miserably is palatableness . Bear in mind that this is only true of this variety of bar . The texture is very sticky and almost clay like . And what are supposed to be chocolate chips , seemed to me like hard stones . It was absolutely horrible and I struggled to finish an entire bar.I would advise you to stay clear of this bar as there are other viable alternatives offered by Met-Rx which cost around the same amount of money . One of them is the Met-Rx Big 100 Colossal Meal Replacement Bar . -LRB- Super Cookie Crunch or Crispy Apple Pie -RRB- . Both those bars tasted great and offered the same if not exceeding supplement value .
 The description online says it does n't contain nuts - but the packaging does ! It 's hard to find bars without nuts , so I 'm disappointed and returning .
 I live on protien bars . I 've tried them all . THese are by far the worst . I ca n't figure out exactly the flavor ? But it 's impossible to get around the how hard and chewy they are .
 The consistency of these bars is like chewy clay and the taste , while tolerable at first , is highly synthetic and off-putting . I have 9 more bars left and I ca n't force myself to eat them . These taste and feel extremely artificial and hardly pass as food . Try Tri-o-Plex bars for a more natural , pallatable and good-tasting protein bar .
 Not a very good tasting bar , among the worst I have ever tried.Seller was awesome , shipping was great , the product not so much .
 Price is not a bargain . Many times the bars are almost melded into the wrapper and are hard to get to .
 If you 've lost all of your tastebuds in a freak accident , and have the chewing capacity of a bovine , you might enjoy this . Otherwise ... I threw my 3/4 full box in the garbage , something I almost never do since I 'm fairly tolerant of a wide range of food . But this stuff tasted so bad , and the consistency was so rock hard , that I wish Amazon allowed `` minus stars '' . To call this food or a meal replacement is a joke .
 The bars taste bad and I have to force myself to swallow it down . If you are ok with swallowing a large chunk of very sweet clay ... then this is the product for you !
 This protein gives you a horrible stomach ache and severe diarrhea the times I used it ... was hoping it would only occur once or twice but every time I drink this protein it give me the runs ... Other proteins do not bother me at all ... you get 5 pounds for a low price however its not worth the severe diarrhea
 A buddy of mine SWEARS by the whole Herbalife line . I really did n't have that much weight to lose , but I needed a little more `` oomph '' when I went to the gym . He told me this would be the perfect product for me because it gets him amped . I took it , nothing happened . Took some more ... nothing happened . OMG ! And it tastes awful . Gag worthy . He did warn me of that . The taste would n't have bothered me so much if it actually worked . I chunk it up as a $ 40 loss .
 i have been searching a lot in this website but i 'm wondering why i always ca n't see the expire date in the image , , that does n't make any sense ???????
 Have any of you who purchased this product taken a moment to read the ingredients on the back ? -LRB- # 1 -RRB- Maltodextrin is SUGAR , also used in sodas and candy . -LRB- # 2 -RRB- Orange Pekoe Extract , TEA . -LRB- # 3 -RRB- Rasberry FLAVOR -LRB- # 4 -RRB- Fructose , also SUGAR -LRB- # 5 -RRB- Green Tea Extract , ANTIOXIDANT/FOOD PRESERVATIVE . -LRB- # 6 -RRB- CAFFEINE powder . -LRB- # 7 -RRB- Acesulfame K , ARTIFICIAL SWEETENER -LRB- # 8 -RRB- Citric Acid , PRESERVATIVE . -LRB- # 9 -RRB- Cardamom Seed Extract , FLAVORING . -LRB- # 10 -RRB- Hibiscus Flower Powder , DIURETIC . -LRB- # 11 -RRB- Malva sylvestris Extract , DIURETIC/LAXATIVE/ANTI-INFLAMMATORY . -LRB- # 12 -RRB- Safflower Oil , OIL -LRB- FAT -RRB- . You 're paying $ 30 for a bunch of sugar , flavoring , caffeine , fat , and very minuscule benefits , if any , of tea . Do yourselves a favor and go exercise , eat right , and sleep .
 This product photo is misleading . I thought I was getting three bottles of the tea with different flavors because it was more expensive than the other sellers . Well , I got one bottle of original flavor which is disgusting and to top it off I paid way more it .
 I ordered Raspberry flavor . I received original . Not sure if I will order again . I did not request a refund .
 This is not a real product from Herbalife , that 's why its cheap . It 's fake and wo n't buy it again . I recommend to purchase Herbalife products only from reliable distributors not online . Most products that are sold online already expired . Will report this to Herbalife !!!
 IT IS ILLEGAL TO SELL ANY HERBALIFE PRODUCTS THROUGH ONLINE WEBSITES -LRB- Ebay , Amazon , ... -RRB- ONLY APPROVED BY HERBALIFE WEBSITES . Our products are sold through direct sales only - This product must be old or expired ! Only buy herbalife from an active distributor !
 Ibuyherb.com is the worst ever , they do n't get you your stuff on time and are a pain to work with .
 These wipes are not worth out , even at half the price . Take a paper towel and spray a little Armour-All on it and it works better for pennies .
 The box shows it being of the 12 , 3 `` x 3 yards type . What you get are 50 , 3x15 '' strips which is 16 yards less then the box shown . It 's a gross misrepensentation of the product .
 Company is not reliable . Watch broke two weeks after the one yr warrantee was up . I wrote company to no avail . Save your money , buy an alarm clock !
 I bought this for my aging father who takes -LRB- too -RRB- many medications througout the day . The first thing I noticed was that I paid $ 90 for a piece of plastic with a band . That alone was reason enough to return it but as far as functionality , I am returning it because , for a senior citizen who has had a mild stroke , the alarms were too complicated to set , the alarm is too quiet and without a backlight , its difficult to read.I do like the ability to set a text reminder along with the time and record important health info . I have been searching hi and lo for an easy to use , multi-alarm watch that caters to senior citizen 's needs but I dont believe one exists .
 The product that arrived is called `` CLARITYN '' and is in packaging completely different from the true Claritin pictured on amazon.com or in stores . The pills do not match the true Claritin pills . Buy at your own risk . Who knows what chemicals are in this .
 this made me drowsy so I switched to allegra and it works better
 The order for these was placed on September 17 , 2012 and the expiration date is November 2012 . I 'm really sorry I bought these .
 Claratin works very well for me but since they made it over-the-counter , they have n't done much to reduce the price to reasonable levels . They 're still relaying on the brand name to generate big profits which opens the door for generics -- and the door is wide open.Try Sam 's Club Loratadine . It 's the same stuff and works just as well . The difference is price . The cost on Amazon for Claratin is $ 0.61 per table . At a retail store , you will pay about $ 1.00 per tablet . The Sam 's Club generic is $ 12.48 for 360 tablets ! That 's $ 0.035 per tablet . If you take 2 tablets per day , like me , for congestion , that is a savings of $ 419 per year over Amazon 's reduced price.This is stupid marketing by Schering-Plough . If they had priced it at something reasonable , say $ 0.10 per tablet , they would n't lose market share to generics . Greedy and stupid always loses . People are smarter than they think , right ?
 Please check the Expiry Date before you buy these medicines . These guys do n't give details about the Expiry Date online .
 I do n't recommend this product if your allergies include a runny , itchy nose ... Also , this medication does n't last 24 hours like it says it will and you ca n't take anything else with it ... It does work reasonably well for itchy and watery eyes ... if you want a OTC medication for your allergies ... try either Benadryl ot Claritian 12 Hour ... skip the 24 Hour stuff ...
 A brief summary based on my own experience with Claritin as well as discussions I 've had with my allergist and family physician ... Pros : - Wo n't make you drowsyCons : - Wo n't do anything else eitherIt 's possible that Claritin works to treat very mild symptoms , but I have yet to meet anyone who has found it to be more effective than , say , wishing your allergies away .
 I am sure the product does what it 's supposed to do , however I 'll have to find out from a new sale , I purchased exactly what you 're seeing Claritin from `` ROCKBOTTOMPRICES '' , but guess what ... imagine selling tablets that expire in exactly 15 days ... yes they are due to expire JULY 2012 ... I am certain that they do n't make CLARITIN so all they really had to do was check the expiration date and ship it out ... and the Shipping is done by someone else . . so all they ROCKBOTTOMPRICES had to do was check the expiration date ... and imagine THAT WAS IMPOSSIBLE ... So I expect a FULL REFUND Or this review of `` ROCKBOTTOMPRICES '' stays ... enough is enough ... I ca n't come by your store and voice my frustration . . so why take advantage of a Sinus patient ??? ... Get new staff , stop making up lies that `` it may have slipped through '' ... HOW could it ??? All you had to do was CHECK the side of the BOTTLE
 Terrible customer service . Extremely slow mail . Refuses to refund money even when the product is sent back . It is in your better interest to never use this company !
 I have been taking Claritin for about 4 weeks ; it worked well for my allergies . Over the past several days it caused increasing drowsiness . I searched the web for information regarding this and the only place I found any mention of it was here on Amazon . I have stopped taking it , the runny nose and sneezing is nothing compared to the gray haze it caused .
 Loratadine is the most effective allegy treatment for most adults , with the fewest side effects , if it is taken 365 days a year , and not simply when you feel sick . However , Claritin has predatory pricing that makes taking it 365 days a years cost between $ 200 and $ 400 , depending on the size box you purchase and the vendor.In contrast , generic Loratadine is sold at Costco for $ 12 for 300 tablets in the 24 hour dosage . That means a year 's supply costs only about $ 15 . The fact that Claritin charges $ 15 a month , compared with $ 15 per year for generic Loratadine indicates a markup of TWELVE TIMES the actual cost.This sort of criminal activity on the part of drug companies is the reason that health care costs in America are DOUBLE the costs of medical care in Canada , and yet the lifespan of the average American is five years less than the average Canadian . Why are n't drug company execs behind bars ?
 If you suffer from restless legs , I suggest that you watch out for antihistamines such as this and benadryl . They are a known side effect . Sometimes you ca n't help but use them , but if you do , and you have restless legs , it might take out the mystery on why you 're getting them .
 I 've tried Claritin several times for seasonal allergy - runny nose , itchy eyes , sneezing . Each time it did bring some relief the first day , but by the second day it was already losing its effect , the by third day it had no effect at all . And each time I stopped taking it , I got a terrible headache that lasted most of a day and was n't relieved by aspirin . A clear-cut case of the cure being worse than the disease
 I ordered the 45ct and there were only 42 tablets in the bottle . For this reason I do not trust this seller . I 've never had a problem buying these pills from any drug store or other store . So I will not be getting them from here again . Makes me wonder where the pills are coming from .
 I bought it from BuyBelowSale . The packaging slip has this comment
 If you click to see the seller 's comments : Comments
 I experienced the same problem as another user above when I received this package , which was n't on the site when I ordered it : The packaging slip has this comment
 This product really does n't work for me . Sudafed works , but makes me really jittery -- and overtime , I had to take more pills at a time to make my nose stop clogging . I have been taking claritin for 2 weeks now . I 've heard you have to let it build up in your system before your allergies start . But seriously ... if it has to `` build up '' ... could that really be healthy ? 2 weeks and nothing . If anything , as I 've moved 2 weeks farther into my allergy season ... I 've gotten worse . Itchy , watery eyes ... runny nose , congestion , sneezing ... . The people at my job think I 'm coming from a funeral!Tylenol Severe Allergy works well for me ... but you 're not supposed to exceed 8 in a day . You take 2 every 4 hours . That 's 16/24 hours of coverage . My allergies are too bad to go without that 8 hours of relief . Maybe I need a mask ...
 I started taking Claritin -LRB- generic Walmart brand -RRB- to get rid of some seasonal sniffles . I can say that Claritin does help greatly with allergies , but for some of us the price of that relief is too high . Here is my story : I took my first dose at night , and woke up the next morning relatively normal , albeit a bit tired from some vivid dreams that had me tossing about . During this first day I found myself getting abnormally agitated and angry , but attributed it to poor sleep . I took my second dose that night and went to bed . Although I slept well this time , I woke up a different person . From the moment I woke up I was in a state of anger . I could n't pinpoint the reason or tell you why , I just was , and nothing had chaged in my environment or personal situation to merit this.At night I take my third dose and go to sleep . I wake up the next day , tired and again , extremely angry . I spent the day in a complete fury , like never before . I was unable to concentrate well or get much done , and I really did n't think Claritin had anything to do with it until in a rare moment of clarity amidst my fury , I decided to Google `` Claritin mood swings '' . I was extremely surprised to see people reporting the same anger and rage problems I was experiencing while on Claritin . Not just adults , little children too.Although this possible side effect does not appear on the box , I can attest that taking Claritin caused a complete inversion of my general good nature into something awful , angry , and with bouts of uncontrollable rage . I have stopped taking Claritin , and while the rage has subsided , I am still waiting for my usual good mood to return.I think the connection of Claritin to mood swings should be further explored and not diminished or swept under the rug as Internet folklore or hysteria . I know its easy to say `` it 's just a little allergy pill , get real , '' but that 's what was said about Prozac until people started getting suicidal while on it.The purpose of sharing my experience is not to dissuade you from trying Claritin , for some people it works well and without the aforementioned side effects . The point is to bring more awareness to a possible negative side effect of this drug that remains largely unreported and relegated to myth , so that if you do decide to go ahead and try it , you 'll know what might be causing any unusual feelings of anger and rage and be able to discontinue use and return to normal .
 I have taken this for nearly a month and have not seen any difference with it . Actually , I found I am worse , because my allergies are still bad , but now my mouth is dried out . I have allergies all year round ... Perhaps this would work for seasonal allergy sufferers . For those like me , we are probably better off seeing an allergist .
 I know it says no drowsy ... but I took this stuff and 1 hour later I was sound asleep for 2 hours - dead sleep . The night before I had a great night sleep , so I did NOT need the rest . I was light headed and dopey for 24 hours and did not sleep well that night.I think they need to re-think this product and marketing because I have two other family members who used this and were drowsy .
 I bought it from BuyBelowSale . The packaging slip has this comment
 If you click to see the seller 's comments : Comments
 I experienced the same problem as another user above when I received this package , which was n't on the site when I ordered it : The packaging slip has this comment
 Claratin works very well for me but since they made it over-the-counter , they have n't done much to reduce the price to reasonable levels . They 're still relaying on the brand name to generate big profits which opens the door for generics -- and the door is wide open.Try Sam 's Club Loratadine . It 's the same stuff and works just as well . The difference is price . The cost on Amazon for Claratin is $ 0.61 per table . At a retail store , you will pay about $ 1.00 per tablet . The Sam 's Club generic is $ 12.48 for 360 tablets ! That 's $ 0.035 per tablet . If you take 2 tablets per day , like me , for congestion , that is a savings of $ 419 per year over Amazon 's reduced price.This is stupid marketing by Schering-Plough . If they had priced it at something reasonable , say $ 0.10 per tablet , they would n't lose market share to generics . Greedy and stupid always loses . People are smarter than they think , right ?
 This product really does n't work for me . Sudafed works , but makes me really jittery -- and overtime , I had to take more pills at a time to make my nose stop clogging . I have been taking claritin for 2 weeks now . I 've heard you have to let it build up in your system before your allergies start . But seriously ... if it has to `` build up '' ... could that really be healthy ? 2 weeks and nothing . If anything , as I 've moved 2 weeks farther into my allergy season ... I 've gotten worse . Itchy , watery eyes ... runny nose , congestion , sneezing ... . The people at my job think I 'm coming from a funeral!Tylenol Severe Allergy works well for me ... but you 're not supposed to exceed 8 in a day . You take 2 every 4 hours . That 's 16/24 hours of coverage . My allergies are too bad to go without that 8 hours of relief . Maybe I need a mask ...
 I started taking Claritin -LRB- generic Walmart brand -RRB- to get rid of some seasonal sniffles . I can say that Claritin does help greatly with allergies , but for some of us the price of that relief is too high . Here is my story : I took my first dose at night , and woke up the next morning relatively normal , albeit a bit tired from some vivid dreams that had me tossing about . During this first day I found myself getting abnormally agitated and angry , but attributed it to poor sleep . I took my second dose that night and went to bed . Although I slept well this time , I woke up a different person . From the moment I woke up I was in a state of anger . I could n't pinpoint the reason or tell you why , I just was , and nothing had chaged in my environment or personal situation to merit this.At night I take my third dose and go to sleep . I wake up the next day , tired and again , extremely angry . I spent the day in a complete fury , like never before . I was unable to concentrate well or get much done , and I really did n't think Claritin had anything to do with it until in a rare moment of clarity amidst my fury , I decided to Google `` Claritin mood swings '' . I was extremely surprised to see people reporting the same anger and rage problems I was experiencing while on Claritin . Not just adults , little children too.Although this possible side effect does not appear on the box , I can attest that taking Claritin caused a complete inversion of my general good nature into something awful , angry , and with bouts of uncontrollable rage . I have stopped taking Claritin , and while the rage has subsided , I am still waiting for my usual good mood to return.I think the connection of Claritin to mood swings should be further explored and not diminished or swept under the rug as Internet folklore or hysteria . I know its easy to say `` it 's just a little allergy pill , get real , '' but that 's what was said about Prozac until people started getting suicidal while on it.The purpose of sharing my experience is not to dissuade you from trying Claritin , for some people it works well and without the aforementioned side effects . The point is to bring more awareness to a possible negative side effect of this drug that remains largely unreported and relegated to myth , so that if you do decide to go ahead and try it , you 'll know what might be causing any unusual feelings of anger and rage and be able to discontinue use and return to normal .
 I have taken this for nearly a month and have not seen any difference with it . Actually , I found I am worse , because my allergies are still bad , but now my mouth is dried out . I have allergies all year round ... Perhaps this would work for seasonal allergy sufferers . For those like me , we are probably better off seeing an allergist .
 If you suffer from restless legs , I suggest that you watch out for antihistamines such as this and benadryl . They are a known side effect . Sometimes you ca n't help but use them , but if you do , and you have restless legs , it might take out the mystery on why you 're getting them .
 I 've tried Claritin several times for seasonal allergy - runny nose , itchy eyes , sneezing . Each time it did bring some relief the first day , but by the second day it was already losing its effect , the by third day it had no effect at all . And each time I stopped taking it , I got a terrible headache that lasted most of a day and was n't relieved by aspirin . A clear-cut case of the cure being worse than the disease
 I ordered the 45ct and there were only 42 tablets in the bottle . For this reason I do not trust this seller . I 've never had a problem buying these pills from any drug store or other store . So I will not be getting them from here again . Makes me wonder where the pills are coming from .
 Please check the Expiry Date before you buy these medicines . These guys do n't give details about the Expiry Date online .
 I do n't recommend this product if your allergies include a runny , itchy nose ... Also , this medication does n't last 24 hours like it says it will and you ca n't take anything else with it ... It does work reasonably well for itchy and watery eyes ... if you want a OTC medication for your allergies ... try either Benadryl ot Claritian 12 Hour ... skip the 24 Hour stuff ...
 I know it says no drowsy ... but I took this stuff and 1 hour later I was sound asleep for 2 hours - dead sleep . The night before I had a great night sleep , so I did NOT need the rest . I was light headed and dopey for 24 hours and did not sleep well that night.I think they need to re-think this product and marketing because I have two other family members who used this and were drowsy .
 A brief summary based on my own experience with Claritin as well as discussions I 've had with my allergist and family physician ... Pros : - Wo n't make you drowsyCons : - Wo n't do anything else eitherIt 's possible that Claritin works to treat very mild symptoms , but I have yet to meet anyone who has found it to be more effective than , say , wishing your allergies away .
 I am sure the product does what it 's supposed to do , however I 'll have to find out from a new sale , I purchased exactly what you 're seeing Claritin from `` ROCKBOTTOMPRICES '' , but guess what ... imagine selling tablets that expire in exactly 15 days ... yes they are due to expire JULY 2012 ... I am certain that they do n't make CLARITIN so all they really had to do was check the expiration date and ship it out ... and the Shipping is done by someone else . . so all they ROCKBOTTOMPRICES had to do was check the expiration date ... and imagine THAT WAS IMPOSSIBLE ... So I expect a FULL REFUND Or this review of `` ROCKBOTTOMPRICES '' stays ... enough is enough ... I ca n't come by your store and voice my frustration . . so why take advantage of a Sinus patient ??? ... Get new staff , stop making up lies that `` it may have slipped through '' ... HOW could it ??? All you had to do was CHECK the side of the BOTTLE
 Terrible customer service . Extremely slow mail . Refuses to refund money even when the product is sent back . It is in your better interest to never use this company !
 I have been taking Claritin for about 4 weeks ; it worked well for my allergies . Over the past several days it caused increasing drowsiness . I searched the web for information regarding this and the only place I found any mention of it was here on Amazon . I have stopped taking it , the runny nose and sneezing is nothing compared to the gray haze it caused .
 Loratadine is the most effective allegy treatment for most adults , with the fewest side effects , if it is taken 365 days a year , and not simply when you feel sick . However , Claritin has predatory pricing that makes taking it 365 days a years cost between $ 200 and $ 400 , depending on the size box you purchase and the vendor.In contrast , generic Loratadine is sold at Costco for $ 12 for 300 tablets in the 24 hour dosage . That means a year 's supply costs only about $ 15 . The fact that Claritin charges $ 15 a month , compared with $ 15 per year for generic Loratadine indicates a markup of TWELVE TIMES the actual cost.This sort of criminal activity on the part of drug companies is the reason that health care costs in America are DOUBLE the costs of medical care in Canada , and yet the lifespan of the average American is five years less than the average Canadian . Why are n't drug company execs behind bars ?
 The product that arrived is called `` CLARITYN '' and is in packaging completely different from the true Claritin pictured on amazon.com or in stores . The pills do not match the true Claritin pills . Buy at your own risk . Who knows what chemicals are in this .
 this made me drowsy so I switched to allegra and it works better
 The order for these was placed on September 17 , 2012 and the expiration date is November 2012 . I 'm really sorry I bought these .
 I have had other subliminal tapes and cd 's in the past and you could feel them working . I got absolutely NO benefit out of this product . It is just background noise and does not provide any subliminal reaction.This was a waste of money !!!!
 I always do my own eyebrows at home , have been for 10 years and get a lot of compliments so I am pretty confident with my abilities , but these tweezers were not what I was expecting . I had seen reviews that said Revlon slant tip were a good buy , but they dont grab the hair right . I do n't think the edges properly line up . So you are left trying to pull the same single hair out 10 times . Not worth a dollar , these went in the garbage after the second try . I 'll stick with tweezerman .
 The tweezer set I received does n't look like what is shown on the listing when I ordered it . They 're ok , I guess , but maybe the tweezers I originally wanted would have been better , but I received something different .
 I tried SO hard to give these tweezers a chance , but they are absolutely horrible . They are sharp , so you will likely accidentally catch your skin and it will leave a red mark or puncture it -LRB- and hurt -RRB- . The tweezers cut or slide off of thicker eyebrow hairs , and are par , at best , at plucking thinner hair . They are lightweight , unlike my other Revlon tweezers , which were substantially heavier and better . I imagine my old ones are discontinued , so I tried this one . What a waste and ca n't even return it .
 Bought this and found it didnt grab so good . Better to invest in the tweezerman equivalent which costs more i believe but better as a permanent solution
 The tips were supose to be even but there not . I 've bought these before and they were fine I guess I was just unlucky . In proper condition I would give this product 4 out of 5 stars but since these were messed up I 'm giving them 2 .
 The tweezer I received was not from Revlon . It says `` made in Pakistan '' inside and the metal is so sharp that I cut my skin while trying to use the tweezer .
 Received a substitute tweezers not as shown.The tweezers that I received had a flower pattern on them , not black as shown .
 Product does n't protect near what it is rated to . Yes I followed the directions , but now I have permanent ear damage -LRB- bad Tinnitus -RRB- due to trusting this earplug at an outdoor firing range . Everyone else using various other earplugs were fine . Do yourself a favor and use Hearos or Howard Leight brand and do n't make the same mistake I did .
 Could never get this to do any good . Do n't know it it 's helpful to others , but it was not helpful for me . It is hot to wear .
 It will not stay fastened . The minute I begin walking , it falls off . It was a complete waste of money .
 This wrap smelled like rubber tires and was impossible to use . It must be really hot in the Summer . I would try something else if you live in the Heat like I do .
 On one hand , I really love this product . Post pregnancy , I 've suffered from PSD -LRB- pubic symphysis dysfunction -RRB- and this strain support really helped isolate my inner thigh muscles so that they would contract less while walking . -LRB- Anyone who has experienced this type of pain understands how awkward it is to walk when your thighs are thoroughly tensed up . -RRB- Unfortunately , I can not rate it highly because it began to fall apart after one week . The material used in the making is very soft -- to minimize chaffing -- which is wonderful , but , as a result , the velcro that secures the support tears it to shreds . Hope this helps you decide before you purchase !
 I 've spent an hour trying to get it on ... . once I managed , it keeps falling off.Your product is `` one size fits all '' but your written instructions do n't make sense when trying to put it on a medium size framed person . I started where it suggested , but it by the time I wrapped it around me , I had ` way too much left over . If I put the velcro where the instructions told , then there was n't any support and the whole thing fell off.I think I wasted my money .
 I purchased this to help support my hip that I have chronic pain issues with after a hip replacement.I bought it with the intentions of being to wear it either over or under my work pants at my job to give me standing support . It worked fine for about a few days then it started to unravel or just come lose durning my work day . this is probably best to use at home where you can wear shorts or sweatpants . Not a reliable support for someone whom is somewhat active or just running errands . Would be better off using a cane or walker for support .
 I could n't get it to stay on , could n't walk in it , there were no clear instructions . It was a big old waste of money . Compression shorts work better -LRB- because they stay on -RRB- and are less expensive .
 After receiving this product I was very disappointed in how cheaply it was made . The alarm was not very loud and it was just not worth the money they were charging . I returned it as this was a gift for my mother-in-law and I wsa not about to give this to her . I really think this was overpriced .
 This `` ALARM '' is barely loud enough to be heard a few feet away . If you were snoozing it 'd never wake you . If you 're hard of hearing - WORTHLESS . It might work if you carried it in your shirt pocket - maybe . It is almost as loud as a wrist watch alarm , which I suspect is where the beeper came from . Might be OK for $ 5.00 . If your pills or timed activities are critical at all , look somewhere else . If it was WAY louder ; and had a bright flashing LED it 'd be worth trying for about half the price .
 Try
 When is a Tweezer not a good Tweezer ? I would say
 These tweezers do not grab the hairs . It takes forever to tweeze your brows . I would n't recommend these to anyone .
 this toothbrush is very awkward to use and not worth the expensesonicare is much better even if you need to use it for 2 minutes instead of 1
 I 've given this a fair trial , I think . After more than a month I have broken a tooth , knocked a fixed bridge out of line and my gums have never stopped bleeding . Since this was a `` gift '' from a well-meaning offspring , I know I needed to bear with it a while before throwing it out the window ... This toothbrush is SO bad ! It 's like having an electric egg-beater in your mouth . It might be reworked to shine your shoes , but it 's not worth it . If you get one , be careful you do n't hit anyone when you throw it out the window !
 The plastics and manufacturing methods used are sub-par .1 -RRB- Moisture WILL make it into the housing2 -RRB- The water guard is made incorrectly ; seam broke overnight3 -RRB- Brush head plastics do not appear to be food-grade . This worries me a great deal.The motor 's torque in inadequate for it 's dutyThe charging mechanism does not use inductance -LRB- like just about every other electric toothbrush on the market -RRB- , so water exposure can cause premature failure.I 'm bought it based on the good reviews , but now I 'm inclined to believe all of the excellent reviews were shills .
 I read all the reviews , and thought this would be an awesome product to help with my fight against periodontal disease . When I tried to use the brush , you have to bite down as the brush is rotating ! I felt as if it was going to chip my teeth , it really freaked me out , I sent it back immediately . I was very disappointed in the product , and lost money when I had to send it back . Think long and hard before you purchse this product .
 I 've had it for three months , and my enthusiasm has waned with time.The plusses -1 -RRB- It hits so many surfaces at once , that it 's easier for me to brush my teeth quickly and thoroughly -LRB- and I tend to have a short attention span on this important activity -RRB- .2 -RRB- My teeth are incredibly clean when I use this , and my gums are , too , to a degree.HOWEVER , the minuses :1 -RRB- The back-and-forth motion does n't get under that area of the gums , at the border of the teeth , where much of the bacteria forms , which makes flossing more important with this toothbrush than any electric I 've ever encountered , thus mitigiating the time advantage .2 -RRB- It 's not well built , the drip guard broke after two days of use , and the motor always sounds like it 's on the verge of collapse .3 -RRB- It does n't hold a charge well .4 -RRB- The brushes do n't last long.CONCLUSION : This is a terrific concept , that needs tweaking in the motion of the brushes , and better manufacturing . Until then , I 'm moving back to Sonicare .
 A 01/14/09 update
 The Hyrra Brush may be a great idea but is most difficult to use . Cumbersome is the best description . Moving from one side of the mouth to the other side , if not done perfectly causes more than the brushes to hit the teeth . OUCH ! I also question the validity of the instruction that said somehing like '' use toothpaste if necessary . '' What do they mean by that ? . I think the reason is , that it is so darn difficult to get toothpaste on the brushes , let alone having it stay on the brushes unless one manages to get the brushes in the mouth before pushing the start button . Yipe ! Easy it is not !
 I was sad that I had to send this back but its not quite there yet . Not enough power , my teeth did n't feel clean because they were not clean . And the noise ... could n't keep it . Excellent Idea needs more work .
 My faith in standing by ones product has returned.After sending a message to the manufacturer of Hydrabrush letting them know of how my unit died after three months , a company rep sent me an e-mail and called to let me know that they planned to replace the unit . They did n't even want me to send the defective unit back.One of their new models arrived today and I am rather pleased with the replacement . Bravo Hydrabrush ! __________________________________________________________________________ I bought this item with great hopes.Being basically in a hurry and wanting a better dental check-up , I bought this wonder tool . The cleaning part is great but the unit quit after about three months of twice a day use . The three-phase switch that controls the brush now completely fails to work
 I purchased this HydraBrush thinking it looked like it could clean better than my SonicCare , it does not . I used my HydraBrush for 4 months , had a dentist check up and the dental assistant said wow you are missing brushing quite a few areas . This was a shock to me because I thought I would have a steller appointment like always , especially since I had this new premium tooth brush . No this tooth brush caused me to miss certain teeth altogether . Also , the toothbrush just totally stopped working after 6 months of use . What a waste of money !
 Hydrabrush is below expectations compared to Sonicare which we have been using for years.Following is a list for Hydracare to improve the product : Does not clean teeth and gums as well as Sonicare.Construction is lower than expected for a $ 100 unit.Power switch seems cheap.Plug in recharge is ancient as all expensive electric toothbrushes have wireless recharge cradle.Brushes are bulky in mouth.Whole concept of long stroke brushing seems less effective vs Sonicare micro-stroke . Suggestions : Upgrade construction quality.Change to micro-stroke brushing.The concept of brushing upper and lower teeth at same time is awesome , but the actual product implementation is below expectations for a $ 100 toothbrush .
 I should have been more circumspect about the thickness of the liner . It 's very flimsy , and I have to double bag the trash recepticle . I 've been used to Costco 45 gallon lawn bags , which are far superior in strength and durability .
 I bought this product and after about two months the screen wore out and got a big hole in it -LRB- and cut up my face in the process -RRB- . The cost of a replacement screen is more than half the cost of the razor . For a few bucks more than purchasing the replacement screen , I will switch back to Norelco -LRB- my last Norelco lasted a couple of years and only cost about $ 35 -RRB- . I wanted to give Remington a try , but now I 'm sorry that I did .
 I 've had this shaver for approximately 9 months . Recently , within the last month , I 've noticed it takes much more effort upon my part to get a clean shave from this shaver . The trimmer no longer cuts the coarse hair on my neck and the shaver has difficulty with the stubble on my chin such that I have to go over my chin repeatedly.I 've kept the shaver clean and have replaced the foil every two months . Nothing seems to be obviously wrong with it other than the dramatically reduced shave quality .
 I have used a Wahl electric razor for years but last Fall the blade and screen needed replacement and the battery would n't hold a charge for more than a day on the road . My wife looked locally but could n't find a Wahl anywhere but saw the Remington MS280 . She figured Wahl had gone out of business and since the Remington looked much the same so she got it for me at Christmas . I tried for almost six months to `` get used to it '' and get a decent shave . Eventually , I started using the Remington and then going over my dry face with a disposable razor . Not a good solution ! I also looked locally and could n't find a Wahl but then thought of Amazon . I checked and sure enough they had them and it also qualified for Prime shipping . I received it yesterday and had a great shave this morning . Forget the Remington MS280 Titanium , go for a Wahl 4000 Wahl 7367-500 cord/cordless 4000 series electric razor.or anything else .
 This supplement caused significant rise in my blood pressure , even when I took half a dose . No significant symptom relief either . My advice - - - if you have blood pressure issues use with caution .
 This is supposed to prevent allergies but caused an allergic reaction . A waste of money for me , as I could not continue taking this .
 May have been a good product but it was never received . Company took so long to even ship it and then it never arrived . After over two weeks contacted company and they credited by credit card . It has been over six weeks and product never did arrive.I believe this is a good product but I would order from another vendor . Aunt was receiving rehab for knee surgery and her roommate had one of these and was recovering from hip surgery . It was very helpful to her .
 No response after repeated e-mails regarding quality of merchandise and the response about not receiving it in a timely fashion was that they were having trouble getting it from the manufacturer . In other words they were selling an item they did n't even have , and it was of sub-optimal quality . The 25 yard roll was actually several smaller lengths which raised my cost per item for resale , and some of the pieces had large holes and runs in them making them entirely unusable . I will not buy from this company again ... there are far more reputable sellers out there who sell what they advertise and stand behind their product .
 Ordered 10-08-07 and still not recieved . What a joke ! Sure did n't take long to charge my credit card however . Amazon ... Never again !!
 this product seems to work well enough so far , but -LRB- i -RRB- braun charges too much , -LRB- ii -RRB- has -LRB- A -RRB- too many models with -LRB- B -RRB- too many confusing/confused -- I think deliberately -- names , -LRB- C -RRB- confusing , ambiguous differences and distinctions -LRB- D -RRB- all set forth crypticly at best -LRB- E -RRB- in three languages written by non-natives , -LRB- F -RRB- so that it 's very difficult to tell what you 're getting , -LRB- G -RRB- It 's even more difficult to find replacement brushheads for your particular product and , to repeat , -LRB- H -RRB- WORST , THE HIGH END MODEL I BOUGHT DOES N'T WORK ANY BETTER THAN CHEAPER COMPETITIVE PRODUCTS AND SIMPLY IS N'T WORTH THE PRICE .
 My husband and I had an experience with these condoms that 's never happened to us before . One ripped !! Hopefully this was just a freak accident as we 've used this brand before and been quite satisfied . The first time we used them it was fine . They 're nice and thin , they fit snugly , and everything was good . Then the next time it started out fine but afterward my husband realized it broke . Hope this does n't lead to kid number four , as we already have three and do n't really need any more !
 This product is excellent if you want to get pregnant ! For us , the breakage for this brand of condoms is high . Out of the five times my partner and I used LifeStyles Ultra Sensitive Lubricated Latex Condoms With Spermicide it broke four times . We 've never had this problem with Trojan ! Stay away from LifeStyles Ultra Sensitive Lubricated Latex Condoms With Spermicide and become Trojan men and women .
 The bars I recevied were past the `` Best when used by '' date by . Also , the bars were the original formula and not the new formula .
 At first I thought the Balance Bar tasted like sawdust , but I sort of got used to that after awhile . The bar is n't moist enough . I need a glass of milk wash it down or it 's hard to swallow . The taste was OK , but not something I 'd buy really . I 'd say if you 're on a diet and want a nice 200-calorie lunch , get a salad with a nice low-cal dressing instead .
 The only way I can describe these bars is with the word sweet . Too sweet , in fact . They have a good taste as long as you have a real sweet tooth . They 're good on the run , but unless you 're used to lots of sugar in the morning , I would n't recommend them for breakfast . Maybe in place of dessert though .
 I bought this 12-pack of peanut butter Balance bars and noticed some white stuff on the bars when I opened them before eating . I shaved them off with a knife . Then I went to look for Cliff bars at Amazon and noticed a bunch of reviews complaining about white stuff or staleness in the bars they ordered . Bottomline
 I am in the process of trying to lose weight , and this seemed a great way to skip lunch but still get all the nutrients I needed . When the Balance Bars arrived , I was surprised to get a whole box , enough for a two-week supply , plus one . My husband and I immediately pulled out that '' `` plus one '' '' to give it a taste . The bar looked delectable and smelled wonderful , but that was as far as it went . They are plain awful ! The chocolate coating is good , but whatever they have on the inside is sickening . It 's not very sweet , but it 's the texture that 's so bad . It 's like chewing wet sawdust . We immediately spit ours out , and the box of 14 is still sitting on my counter . I would definitely not pay money for these . Skip them and go on to Slim Fast , is what I 'd tell my friends and family . They definitely need to do some work on this product , not just that flavor .
 We returned this item because we thought it did not taste as it does usually . We buy them all the time and the ones we bought in our grocery store after this incident were normal tasting.With food you can not take risks
 We did n't find these to be all that tasty . They had a mealy kind of texture . If you 're very very hungry they 'd be okay to eat . Perhaps they just were n't suited to our family 's taste buds .
 Overall , I did n't like this product . It has a very thick and gooey center that 's very hard to swallow unless I have a lot of water to wash it down with . The flavor was n't too bad , but if they could just change it so was n't so gummy ... I would n't recommend this product to my family and friends .
 The cookie dough flavor is okay , but not the best . The texture is a little too gooey . I have only eaten a few of these bars and I am already sick of them . I got them the same time as I got some Clif bar White Chocolate Macadamia , and those are by far superior to the balance bar.Hopefully the other flavors are better than this , but I think for now I will stick with Clif bars .
 I love the original Mocha Chip balance bars . They were terrific . But , they put them in new packaging -LRB- fine , who cares , right ? -RRB- but they also re-formulated them and it 's really sad what they 've done to them . They 're sickly sweet now , they have a cake-y consistency that 's not appealing and there 's barely a `` chip '' in sight.It 's all bad . I bought tons of these and ate them for breakfast . No more . The new ones are so bad , I threw out the ones I bought after trying a few times to eat them .
 I bought Yogurt-Honey-Peanut bars from DAB . What I received was not fresh , even though the expiration date was almost 8 months ahead . Compared to the taste of the fresh ones you can buy in your local stores , the taste of this one was really bad and it was really painful eating it . The appearance of the bar also suggested having some problems , before even tasting it.I do n't think the food is preserved in conditions that would guarantee freshness , and I do n't think I am going to buy from the same seller again.Note
 I have to agree with `` R.Katz '' They are incredibly chalky and cardboard like . They also have a strong dark chocolate taste . I do n't particularly enjoy dark chocolate ; those that do might enjoy these . The bars I received were well within their expiration date . -LRB- 10 months to go -RRB- OK but certainly not the best Balance Bar flavor .
 I suppose if you 're just looking for fuel for your body or emergency food to keep in your trunk , then these would be okay . If I 'd purchased this box of Balance Bars , I would 've brought it back to the store for a refund . The taste was pretty bad , and the consistency was gummy/muddy . It 's better if you have it with a full glass of water , although there 's a very strong aftertaste . My husband took a bite and spit it out -- the same with my six year old . My two-year-old son , however , seemed to actually like it and will eat a bar as a snack if I broke it up into small pieces . I just could n't get past the taste . I still have over a box left , which I 'll dole out to my son as snacks , but it 's defiantly not something I would ever buy or recommend . In fact , if someone told me they were going to buy them , I 'd ask if they 'd ever eaten them before and if not , I would tell them pick a different product . Big thumbs down on this one !
 Personally I found this bar to be very untasty . One bite was truly enough for me . They may be very healthy , which is great , but to me if I 'm going to eat something , it has to taste good , and this does n't meet that requirement .
 I 'm very sorry but I do n't know of a nice way to say this
 I would n't recommend this product to friends or family . The taste , consistency , and texture were offensive to me .
 I 'm 61 years old , but I have EAGLE EYE Vision , and I 'm sick to death and very disappointed that the fine print on the ingredients of the BALANCE BARS `` ALMOND BROWNIE , '' are FISH GELATIN . IF I wanted FISH products in my protein bar I 'd buy a FISH BAR , but the fact that Balance Bars use Fish Gelatin in their ALMOND BROWNIE wishes I could SHOVE THE ENTIRE 6 box order up their noses.It 's so sad the ingredients and the junk that almost any company will put in your food . I will NOT BE ORDERING THIS PRODUCT EVER AGAIN , and I doubt that although I 've been a huge balance bar customer , that I 'll EVER ORDER BALANCE BARS again , as they are FISH GELATIN bars in truth . SEE LABEL.I 'm done .
 I would have to say I was not very impressed by the quality and taste of this product . I guess I really expected more from this product , as they seem so expensive . The peanut-butter taste was very strong and the texture was very grainy and dry . I do n't think that these bars are very filling . You have to drink a lot of water with them to even get them down . I would not recommend this product to my friends .
 I eat these bars all the time and thought it would be a good deal and convenient to get them from Amazon . But , they were horrible . Stale and crumbly and deformed . I complained and customer service sent me replacement bars , but they were exactly the same - inedible . They refunded my money , which I appreciated.Based on this experience , I will never purchase food from amazon.com .
 I really did n't care for the product . It was very dry in my mouth . Not a whole lot of flavor , and the filling had a powdery feeling to it . The chocolate on the outside was good but again , not too much flavor . It needed to be sweeter , and the raspberry flavoring was weak . Tasted like I was eating an old candy bar , and a stale one at that . I had to keep checking it to see if it was old and out of date . I actually gagged on it a couple times while eating it . I did eat several of them -LRB- nine -RRB- . The wrapper looks too formal , not appealing to the eye . It made me feel like I was eating a health bar and not a fun item ! I thought the carbs were a bit too high also . It did give me a full feeling when I finished with it . Did n't fulfill the need for something sweet , though . If I 'm going to eat chocolate , I want to know I ate chocolate . I would n't recommend this to my family or friends . I 'd rather recommend Slim Fast Bars for the vitamins and health aspects .
 I 'm sorry to say that I was n't impressed with Balance Bar 40-30-30 . Quite frankly , it tasted horrible ! I could n't finish the first bar to see if it satisfied my hunger or sustained my energy . I would n't recommend this to my friends .
 I buy Balance Bar Nutrition Energy Bars on a regular basis so I decided to buy them online . They arrived in less than 6 days . The order was placed Jan-17-2011 , I received the Balance bars today , Jan-21-2011 , the expiration date is Jan-20-2011 - yesterday . I am NOT eating these . Unacceptable . I have read earlier reviews stating problems with the expiration dates . Maybe the reviews are worth taking into consideration .
 If you like foods that are VERY sweet , you might like these bars , but for many people , they may be overpoweringly sweet . They also have a weird crunchy-ness . I do like the fact that Balance bars contain lots of protein and vitamins .
 I love the peanut butter Balance Bars . People say these are good , but I thought they were horrible . My husband and older son did not like them either .
 While I do like the bars themselves , I feel that Amazon resorted to bait and switch . I signed up for a subscription -LRB- monthly delivery -RRB- , and the 2nd month they raised the price 50 % . Needless to say , I canceled the subscription , as I can buy it cheaper locally .
 The other Balance bars I 've tried taste much better -LRB- Balance Gold , with peanut butter , I believe -RRB- . These taste awful - chalky , cardboard-like . And it 's not just me - no one in my family likes them !
 I at these for years and really liked the way they taste . Then I did some research and found out that much of their protein is from gelatin or collagen which is 100 % worthless to humans for building/maintaining muscle because the amino acid is not good . Also lots of palm kernel oil in these which is n't too good for you . There are much better options out there . If you want something with better protein -LRB- but still has some palm kernel oil -RRB- and tastes great , try Metabolic Drive protein bars . If you are ok with eating something that is just ok tasting , then Zero Impact are by far the best bars out there . Great protein , healthy fats , low sugar , no sugar alcohols . I have n't found one bad thing about them . I just feel ripped off for the years I spent eating Balance Bars .
 I did n't like this product . It was very bland in taste . Too much baking soda , I think . It did n't freshen my breath for very long and left my teeth feeling gritty . I would n't recommend this to anyone . I think I 'll stay with my Crest .
 I just could n't get past the taste of this toothpaste . It basically tasted like baking soda with just a little hint of the mint . I really did n't care for the way it made my teeth feel afterwards either . I 'm sure it 's because it 's all natural , but I think I 'll stick with my normal brand .
 While this is a great alternative to the other mouthwashes , I did n't like the taste or the way it felt in my mouth . My roommate , on the other hand , loved it . He did n't mind the non-sweet taste and actually preferred that over the usual Mentadent we use . I , however , would n't recommend this product
 I tried the product once and threw it away . It tasted like I was drinking alcohol with soap in it . It had a minty aftertaste but the initial taste is pretty nasty . The aftertaste was extremely strong also . I would n't recommend this product to anyone . I 'd stick with Scope .
 If you order these 30-gauge BD lancets and Medical Department Store is listed as the seller , be aware that recently they 've been substituting 33-gauge lancets for 30 's . While someone there may assume that `` thinner is better '' , that may not always be true . For some users with thick or calloused skin -LRB- like me -RRB- , they do n't always create a big enough puncture to yield enough blood to properly do the test . So if the gauge of lancet is important to you and you do n't want to get stuck with something you ca n't use in the end , steer clear of these when sold by this seller.I spotted another recent review of these on MDS 's seller page here at Amazon complaining of the same thing so this is not an isolated incident.Also , the package I received through them said `` not for retail sales '' on it , so I suspect they 're buying these in bulk as would be sold to a hospital or large institutional user , and selling off the individual packages . BD , I 'm sure , would frown on this practice . Otherwise , why else would BD go to the trouble of printing `` not for retail sales '' on the box?This may not apply to other sellers , so YMMV . Myself , I 'm not taking any more chances and will be going back to my pharmacy to purchase my lancets . A couple of bucks difference just is n't worth the hassle .
 These are not my favorite cliff brand snack . I was expecting something more like a gummy bear taste and they tasted nothing like that . No one in my family enjoyed these . If I had to do it all over again , I think I would have purchased one at the store first , to try them and then order the big pack later if I liked it , or in my case , just not purchase it at all .
 Dear God help me to get the flavor of this out of my mouth . I ca n't believe how awful it tastes . Take my advice and try just one before springing for a whole box because this flavor -- ugh -- this flavor reminds me of the triaminic yellow cough syrup my father used to force feed me when I was sick as a child . My gosh . My husband tells me the strawberry is pretty good , but DO NOT TRY THE COLA . IT DOES NOT TASTED LIKE COLA . It tastes like hell . Trust me .
 I have tried several Cliff products over the years , none with good results . For whatever reason , these things do not sit well in my stomach . Perhaps it is all of the years of living on Mac n Cheese but these organic and `` easy to digest '' products are all but . I tried the Bloks at a pre-race expo and the thing sat like a rock in my gut . They taste all right but wow are they tough to digest .
 Was not nearly as pleasant as other similar products we have purchased . We were very disappointed in the consistency & taste of this product . We could n't even convince our work-out fanatic friends to try liking this product . Certainly this product could be improved in flavor & consistency ! Needless to say , we did n't notice any energy boost -LSB- as product claims -RSB- once we did get the shot blocs chewed & consumed . We wo n't be buying this again , but will continue to seach for similar better tasting items .
 These have a weird consistency , but the taste is otherwise OK -LRB- I had the Cherry -RRB- . Not delicious , not repulsive , but I would n't buy these again for the flavor.Also -- they did n't provide much energy . We used these while we were putting furniture together , and ended up falling asleep on the couch . Tried them later for a bike ride , but no discernible effects again .
 these blades are junk . the supplier probably bought a batch of seconds . they are not sharp and barely good for one shave !!
 In other words this * is n't * 10 Sensor Excel cartridges , it 's 9 or 10 regular Sensor without the microfin rubber , and * one * Sensor Excel blade . It 's bad that merchants mislead in Amazon postings about what they 're selling , what its UPC code is , what the product photo is . Buyer beware .
 I put a set of Gillette Sensor blades in my wish list last Christmas . It was a set of 30 I think . I got the blades from my sister as a gift and thought I was all set . I used my first blade the other day and it felt like a used cartridge , like each hair was getting pulled out instead of cut . I tried another and had the same issue . I started comparing the packs I received as a gift to the last pack I had and so far noticed that the glue used to seal the packs was different . You can tell the gift pack was sealed by someone with a glue gun manually . I searched online and found a ton of articles about counterfeit razor blades being sold on Ebay . I do n't know if it was this seller that my sister purchased from but I wanted to get the word out because I was pretty angry . I know these blades are ridiculously expensive but it may be safest to just get them at a store . Good luck to anyone that purchases them online , I hope you do n't run into the problem I ran into .
 I purchased these blades from MG Electronics via Amazon . These blades are horribly dull compared to the same brand of blades you may purchase from a reputable retailer . I was unable to get even one shave from the blades -LRB- I have attempted with two -RRB- . I will attempt to return these to Amazon . Do not buy these blades.Update
 Absolute horrible out of the box - painfully dull blades . Packaging references Gillette UK and blades visibly different than those from reputable local sources . Judging by suspicious packaging and poor quality , suspect these may be counterfeit product . Will be contacting both Amazon and the seller regarding this purchase . DO NOT BUY !
 I had heard so much about L-Tryptophan , but could not find it for years . One of my friends told me about Source Naturals . I purchased a couple of bottles , varied the doses , but never slept through the night . I wo n't be buying any more .
 I DID NOT THINK THESE PILLS HELPED AT ALL , THOUGH OTHER BRANDS SEEMED TO . PILLS ARE ALSO HUGE , AND DOSAGE IS 3 CAPSULES.WOULD NOT RECOMMEND .
 This product may work for others , but since I 've been taking it for about 2 weeks , my anxiety levels have gone over the top and even my blood pressure is higher . I 'm sure the L-Tryptophan has n't caused my pressure to rise , but anxiety can do that ; and I 've been experiencing very high anxiety since using this product . I stopped it . Scary ...
 Bought from Amazon , I had high hopes for this product after seeking it for many years . Sorry to say though it had unnoticeable or no effect at all .
 In October 2010 I purchased Source Naturals L-Tryptophan . It was recommended to help me with light insomnia . One hour after taking only two 500mg capsules I became desperately ill and my health has continued to decline to this day to the point I am now housebound and can not stand for more than a few minutes due to terrible pain . My experiences led me to write two books about what had happened , the horrors myself and my young family have had to endure because I took only two Source Naturals L-Tryptophan capsules . Before and after writing the books my research turned up some very alarming information about this so called `` natural '' company . They produced L-Tryptophan in the 1980s which caused the disease I have now to endure , EMS , or Eosinophilia Myalgia Syndrome . They were litigated to be held accountable to the victims killed or disabled for life . Tryptophan was then banned for a period of more than a decade . And now ? Source `` naturals '' think it acceptable to buy their Tryptophan from China , where it is usually made from duck feathers , -LRB- diseased or not -RRB- . They do not tell you this on the label , the label on the bottle states `` made in the USA '' which is a lie . The Tryptophan is imported from China and merely put into capsules in the USA , then sold to an ignorant public . Legally it is a disgrace , although they are permitted to act in this manner by current legislation . So why should you care ? Why should you stop buying Source Naturals ? For one reason . They are a firm which does NOT have the consumers interests at heart . They are interested mainly in profit , as there are sources of ethically produced Tryptophan around -LRB- plenty of them -RRB- , but Source Naturals consider it more profitable to buy in bulk from the one country we have all heard so many horror stories about when it comes to foods and supplementation - China . If you wish to keep buying Source Naturals products I wish you well , and I hope and pray that you do not contract a horrible disease from their products as a result of their greed , as I have done . Think for a moment before you press that buy button - the Source Natural product you are about to buy may well have an ingredient from a VERY un-natural source .
 I do n't know if it was just me but when I took this before bed I had terrible nightmares . The nightmares disappeared when I quit taking them so I do n't know what to tell anyone . except good luck .
 It did not do anything for me . It made me numb and spacey . The effect was negative . I am going to cancel monthy purchase .
 I decided to try this to help me sleep more soundly at night . After using L-Tyrosine 500 mg for a couple of weeks , I developed PVCs and a rapid heart rate . I thought it was caused by coffee so I changed to decaf . Finally I had to see my MD who ordered a 24 Holter monitor . The test showed PVCs and a resting heart rate up to 133 beats/min . My MD put me on beta blockers but I continued to have PVCs and felt short of breath and fatique whenever I exercised . I continued to use this supplement without realizing a connection . I felt that there had to be a reason for the dramatic change in my health so I decided to stop the L-Tyrosine first and see what happened . After 48 hours , the PVCs nearly disappeared . I googled L-Tyrosine for side effects , and found that it does indeed cause cardiac disturbances in doses as low as 200 mg . I felt like an idiot . I had `` poisoned '' myself . I hope in time that I may be able to discontinue the beta blockers . Please do your homework before taking this supplement or any other . If you do decide to take supplements , be aware of changes or side effects . I am not sure that my MD would have figured this out for me but he most definitely would have told me to stop all supplements . I failed to tell him what I was taking thinking it was harmless . Please be careful and be smart .
 I would not recommend this product . It makes me way too spacey . I much prefer Thorne L-Tryptophan . The effects are very subtle . I barely notice anything , but when I run out I really notice a difference .
 Ordered and it was delivered all the way to middle east surprisingly fast . I had hoped it would help me sleep while I 'm deployed and it has not . I ordered melatonin from the same company because that was recommended to me by someone here ... so we 'll we how that goes when it gets here !
 Made no difference to my hapless sleep pattern - I had high hopes after reading the reviews but found it did n't work for me - my husband and I shared the bottle and he sweetly suggested it ` might ' have made a difference .
 I bought Source Naturals L-Tryptophan 500mg , 120 Capsules . My mom and I took one capsule each before going to bed and after 5 minutes I started having a tachycardia , an accelerated heartbeat for more than 1 hour . Next morning I checked with my mom how did it go with the supplement and she told me that the same thing happen to her . So we are not going to take this supplement again since we are not sure if this is actually L-Tryptophan or if it is something else . I hope I can get my refund for this purchase .
 Got no effect out of this . Waste of money in then end , but worth a try and better than getting hooked on something like ambien or xanax
 I tried this product for a good 3 months with less than acceptable results after I got braxilian bikini waxes . . The roll on feature gets stuck and it takes a looong time to dry . But worst of all it DID N'T even work ! I still got at least 5 ingrown hairs the last time I used this before I threw it out . I actually was encouraged to buy this at the spa that I go to and it cost me over $ 20 . Save your money , skip this one and go with a different brand .
 I would not reccommend this product . The roll-a-ball dos n't function properly and to much of the product comes out at one time . It takes long to dry and has a smell ! And last it dos n't stop bumps ! Stick to Tend Skin !!
 I tried this product and I really do n't think that it works . I tried it for a week and it did NOTHING .
 Sorry I did not find useful this product at all . Did not work for me .
 I bought this Acqua Di Parma Colonia aftershave balm -LRB- 2.5 oz -RRB- from Archipelago Botanicals because my stock , bought from Nordstrom , was running out . On a per ounce basis , this was a great deal , and I bought several bottles . That turned out to be a mistake.One morning , I finally ran out of the Acqua Di Parma bought at Nordstrom . I had already put aftershave on half of my face , but I had n't finished the job . So , I took out a bottle bought from Archipelago Botanicals . Immediately something seemed wrong . The Archipelago Botanicals bottle had a different label from the Nordstrom bottle . I opened the bottle , and the Acqua Di Parma bought from Archipelago Botanicals smelled different from the Acqua Di Parma bought at Nordstrom . There is no reason that the same aftershave should smell completely different.I do n't know if the `` Acqua Di Parma '' bought from Archipelago Botanicals was fake or if it was just very old . But it was not the same as the much more expensive -LRB- but new and genuine -RRB- Acqua Di Parma bought at Nordstrom . I can not recommend buying Acqua Di Parma from Archipelago Botanicals.Follow-up
 FOR ALL OF THE POSITIVE THINGS I HAVE READ ABOUT THIS FRAGRANCE , I ORDERED IT AND WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE FRAGRANCE . I HAVE USED IT ONCE AND WILL PROBABLY NEVER TRY IT AGAIN . ACQUA DI PARMA COLONIA IS WAY TOO UNPLEASANT FOR MY TASTES .
 Hate it ... never will i buy cologne online without smelling it . It had good reviews so i thought of buying it
 I purchased this deodorant after reading the great reviews , but I have to say it is the worst deodorant in the world . Yes , it smells good , but the scent is short-lived . To keep it going you would have to probably reapply 4 or more times a day . Besides , it does n't even have an anti-perspirant ingredient . So while I agree the scent is great , the performance is not . I ca n't believe I spent $ 35 for a deodorant that does n't work .
 This powder does n't smell like much and certainly not Aqua di Parma . I would n't spend your hard earned money on it . I love A di P and was willing to pay extra for the talc but this is a HUGE disappointment . I think it 's a fake and I recommend not buying it .
 After using two bottles of JointMD for severe osteoarthritis throughout my body , I found little or no relief from arthritic pain . It did not improve mobility or lessen my arthritic inflammation . It was still impossible to resume normal , daily activities .
 The test solution is only good for 3 months after opening . This fairly means thata new bottle needs to be purchased every 3 months . We pay a significant amount of money to Lifescan for test strips that are useless unless tested using their solution that expires 3 months after opening . If Lifescan 's policy is to not rip-off its customers , then they need to include the test solution with the test strips .
 The solution was defective and tested the stips outside of the reference range . I contacted LifeScan , and they told me the solution was defective rather than the strips , and had me return the solution .
 Product received failed to measure within the allowed range ; ca n't be used . Turned out the series has been recalled by the manufacturer . But the seller , Medical department Stores , shipped it nevertheless .
 The Benzalkonium Chloride product I rec 'd was a cheap brand made in China , not the PDI that is pictured . You would n't put a picture of a well established brand to sell a less reliable brand of soup or a car or anything else . It certainly should n't be done for a health product .
 I am completely dissatisfied with my purchase with this seller . It says 100/box , which to me suggested I was ordering a box of 100 wipes , not one wipe . I paid 6 dollars in shipping for ONE wipe ! Do n't be swindled like I was , buyer beware !
 The box it shipped it was open . Since this is a medical product , and I have a family member who is immunocomprimised I am worried . Seems it should have shipped more securely .
 I SHOULD SAY ALL MOST MOIST . VERY DRY FEELING TO THE TOUCHAND I THOUGHT THEY WERE SUPPOSEDTO BE WET .
 I do n't know much about using these for diabetes management , but if you are using these for Atkins ' dieting -LRB- ketosis -RRB- hurry on down to WalMart and buy the Relion brand for less than seven dollars and NO S&H .
 Well I started Atkins diet and kept reading all of these posts about people using the strips but first of all I 'm not really sure they are working properly . They always turned the exact same color -LRB- same shade , etc -RRB- no matter what I ate . I think they ended up causing me to be using them all of the time trying to see if I ever got a different response but do n't feel they actually helped me and actually made the diet worse because I kept doubting it ...
 These where not helpful at all , they did n't show hardly any ketones even though i was loosing weight ... waste of money if your tracking/going into a deep ketosis state .
 This Box was labeled , in fine print , `` Origin
 I ordered Bayer and got a generic brand . the picture is misleading and appears to be Bayer until you receive it . It is hard to know how to return their products
 Product was not as shown in the picture . I contacted the merchant through Amazon several times to return the item , but no response so far .
 The lancets came in a plastic bag with no marking . Worse than that the lancets have plastic fuzz or extra plastic feathers all around the lancet edges . I tried one . That extra fuzz caused it to jam . I had to pull it out with my fingers.The cost was only about $ 8 so I did not return them . I do worry if I order again from Amazon that I will get the same thing again.It is clear to me that Accu-Chek had nothing to do with the Softclix lancets that were sent to me . Shame.I suggest that Amazon remove the vendor from its listing .
 Item was used and bloody , broken and disgusting ~ !!! Probably a health code violation in any state ~ !! Very dangerous also.Expired items inside , as well as prescription for someon else ~ ! Ugh ~ !!
 I ordered two lancet devices but received two Softclix Plus devices . The Plus is a cheap imitation and 1 -RRB- not what I ordered and 2 -RRB- not what was advertised .
 This item was purchased a few years ago and worked well until the remote became unusable . The screen is unreadable , and , because of this , the chair can not be used . The entire operation of the chair is dependent on the remote , and Body Care has no replacements and does n't know where to get one . I would definitely not recommend this chair or any other from Body Care for that reason .
 Beware !! This price is for one box of 12 bars !! This was previously amazons price for three boxes !! I have contaced amazon and was told that this is not a mistake !! Just a price increase !!
 I was really excited to get to try this product , as I 'd heard a lot of good things . Unfortunately , I did n't experience any marked difference in my energy level . I felt as though I had n't really taken anything at all . One good thing about this product is that I know that everything in it is healthy even though I did n't feel a difference .
 I used this product for about 10 days and it did n't seem to have any effect on me .
 This meter is a vehicle to sell test strips -LRB- like cheap printers are a vehicle to sell ink -RRB- , so it 's no big surprise that you can get it for virtually nothing . In fact it was on sale recently at Walgreens for $ 9.99 with a coupon inside for a full refund of what you spent for up to about $ 40 - $ 50 , so you can get the meter for salestax and 1 oz postage . The strips on the other hand cost $ 0.50 - $ 1 + each ... Now , my drug plan pays 100 % for strips , but when I got out of the hospital after surviving the results of undiagnosed untreated runaway diabetes -LRB- hyperosmolar coma and kidney failure -RRB- practically the only thing I had to pay for myself was the diabetes education program . Perhaps that 's why they threw in the meter , the infrared cable and more than enough strips to cover what they billed me , if only I had had to pay for strips.As a result I found out some nasty things about this meter . Each box of strips comes with a dongle that you must plug into the meter , supposedly to program the meter to match changes in the strip but actually to force you to buy the next box whether you need to or not . If it is on or past the date on the dongle the meter will not only refuse to work with any strips you have remaining , it will refuse to give you access to any prior results you have stored in the meter . And , no , changing the nominal date will not fool the meter.The lancet `` pen '' in the kit is also designed to sell you supplies , in this case the lancet cartridges . It is all too easy to click past an unused lancet , and then you have to throw it away unused , because there is no way to go back -- the pen destroys the cartridge by use , click-by or removal.All those `` Err '' messages that the other reviewer got for insufficient blood also resulted in thrown-away strips . It happens not only if you do n't draw enough blood , but also if you jump the gun and feed the meter the blood while it 's still showing the dongle 's version number . Now , maybe this was unavoidable . But given the other behavior of the meter and lancet pen that refuses to respect the patient 's judgement in their eagerness to obsolete supplies , I 'm deeply suspicious.I 'm not sure about the accuracy of this meter , also . Since I 'm not paying I have n't hesitated to try two or three strips in a row when I got an anomalous , or more honestly , a disappointing , result , and 60-point swings in the result -LRB- American style ; Canadians and Euros have a different scale hardwired in -- and you ca n't switch
 When I got the undergarments I had a good laugh . They 're so bulky and difficult to put on , and I end up looking like a giant New Year 's Eve baby ! I nearly fell over to see myself in the bathroom mirror . However , I can see how this undergarment would be very useful for bedridden folks -- they do seem very absorbent and long-lasting .
 It did nothing for me . Absolutely nothing , tried it for around 4 weeks , no side effects though.I gave it to my mum , she did n't report any interesting effects so far.I 'm giving it two stars because I did some research on it before buying and I do believe it might work for some people , and personal experience does n't really count with medical treatments , but that 's why you have lots of reviewers for !
 After a couple of days use -LRB- one pill/day -RRB- this stuff seamed to make me disoriented . This product may be useful for others , though not for me . Two days after I discontinue use , the disorientation was gone .
 The control solution must have been extremely old , because it did not trigger my Accu-Chek to give a reading . Complete waste of money .
 At this price , it was disappointing to not be able to use them and get results . They are very rigid , come off easily ; have some edges etc.Oh well , did not work for me ...
 I can not get them on my toes . They are not bendable at all . Nobody I have contacted can get them on their toes . Very disappointed . Should have gone with the brand name of yoga toes .
 If I were to put 4 pairs of tighty whities on in a row , I would be more comfortable and have more protection than when I wear these . I leak if I flood while wearing these and I need to change them every hour or 2 . These are horrible quality diapers . The government ought to enforce regulation to make better diapers .
 I have been a loyal user of depends for many years . I have always found them to be of a higher caliber than their competitors . I would normally purchase the pull up version , but sometimes they would seem either too tight , or too loose . When the fit is n't perfect it results with me feeling very dirty . When I saw the adjustable straps , I thought that maybe all my problems were over . I was sadly mistaken.I do not have to wear adult briefs all the time . Not yet anyway . When I am at work for the day I usually have no problem making it to the bathroom . It is in the evening when I have to put on a diaper . Most of my family and friends who know that I wear depends , are somewhat unsupportive and often tell me that they do n't think I should wear them at all . I do n't know if I am an embarrassment to them , or if they are just disgusted with the concept . To me it really does n't matter why they say the things that they do , it hurts either way . One brother told me that he would understand if I had a doctor 's order to wear them , or if I had some sort of bowel , or bladder retention condition that had been `` professionally '' recognized . I thought that I was handling my situation in a very mature manner by taking the initiative to wear adult diapers , but I guess not everyone will see it the same way that I do.I am 34 years old and I wear depends because I drink like a fish . I 'm not proud of that fact , but it is the truth , and it is part of my life . I can usually get to the bar in time to catch the end of happy hour . It will be around 10 or 11 when I start to have problems controlling my body . I should probably clarify that point a little . I do n't really `` lose control '' so to speak . I just find it to be a terrible waste of time to get up and walk to the bathroom ever so often . So much effort to get up , do my business , wash my hands , fight my way back to the bar ... etc. . One day I had an epiphany and decided I could save a lot of time and effort if I just went whenever I wanted to . When Depends entered my life . I was able to do just that . Walking around in public , and being able to secretly soil myself , has been standard practice for me for several years . Shortly after I turned 21 , I found myself at various bars and taverns in the unrelentless pursuit of loose women . I have tried bargain brands , as well as other briefs that cost more than Depends . I always come back to these guys as they are truly the best around . No one can even tell that I am wearing them at all . I know what you 're thinking , if I am trying to find women , and end up successfully doing so , would n't they be able to tell when we found ourselves in an intimate situation ? Well the answer is no . I 'm an old pro when it comes to the ability to elude detection . I will explain how it works.On the nights that I am able to find a woman who is willing to go home with me , I simply go to the bathroom before we start to shed our clothing . It takes all of a couple seconds to pull down the brief and throw it in the garbage . Then I just pull up the pants and walk out like nothing is going on . There are times where I will find a mate that will want to go back to her home and that 's when things get real fun . The plan starts out the same . I find a time to make a break for the bathroom . The only difference is that I ca n't put the soiled brief in her trashcan as I may run the risk of her discovering it at some point of the evening . This can not happen obviously , as it will result in an embarrassing situation . I started making a game out of places to stash a used diaper . Some ladies have clothes hampers in their bathroom , and if it is full , you can simply stuff the brief on the bottom . She wo n't be any the wiser until next laundry day , and of course I 'll be a distant memory at that point . I call that method the `` Spin Cycle '' maneuver . If they do n't have a hamper , they may have a medicine cabinet that you can stuff it in . This method can work , but I stress you use it with extreme caution . If she keeps her diaphragm , or anything else she may need for the evening activities , you may find yourself in a compromising situation . Sometimes that extra element of danger makes it all the more exciting . It 's all about hiding it in plain sight , so I named that trick , `` Dr. Houdini '' . If you find yourself in a location with no medicine cabinet , and no clothes hamper , you could always try the `` Fleeing Condor '' . That 's when you toss it out the window . I have also found success in hiding it under the sink where all the pipes can obstruct the view of a quick glance . That gem is known as `` The plumber '' . The number of hiding places is only limited by your own imagination.My problem with this particular style of Depends is the inability for the adjustable straps to hold a tight fit . The first , and only time that I used them , my evening ended with a lonely trip to the Waffle House and not the bedroom with a fine vixen of the night.It had been a slow evening . I entered the bar with the hopes of nailing a beauty queen . Within about two hours I had managed to strike out with every 10 , 9 , 8 , and 7 in the whole place . At this point I knew it was time to lower the old standards and start hitting on the thicker chicks and the `` Butter faces '' . If you 're not familiar with the term , a `` butter face '' is a woman who looks pretty good all over but her face . Anyway , I did n't have to much luck with them either . I did what anyone would do in such a situation ; I drank more , and expected less . Well , I do n't remember too much after that . Things start to get a little blurry and before you know it , its closing time . Usually I try to keep my guard up as this is when `` Swamp Donkey '' season opens . After you fail to seduce a `` Swamp Donkey '' , the only thing left is `` Pumpkins '' and there is n't enough Jim Beam in your average bar to justify going home with a pumpkin . I was approached around the time people were lining up for last call . I could n't have any more drinks because the fascist bartender had marked the back of my hands with giant black X 's . The universal sign for being cut off . I was pleasantly surprised when a large blur -LRB- everything is pretty blurry at this time and the world is also starting to spin -RRB- waddled over to where I was , and asked if she could buy me a drink . Of course I told her that she could , but my speech was so slurred I do n't think she even knew what I was saying . Frustrated , I told her again that she could get me a jaeger bomb as I pointed over to the bar . She was still flapping her gums about god knows what , when all the sudden I had the sudden urge to void . As she was moving her mouth , I started to relieve myself like I had done a thousand times before . Even with the now spinning room , and blurry vision , I was able to make out a look of disgust on her face . A few seconds later I was able to detect the large wet spot that was growing on my pants . My adult brief had failed me . I have never been in a position where I should have been so embarrassed , and I will never forgive the company for letting me down . After closer inspection the next day , I came to the conclusion that one of the adjustable straps had come undone , and then gravity had taken care of the rest . Trust me my friends , stick with the pull up style . They might not fit perfect , but they are dependable !
 I can wear the small/medium size I buy at super market , but not these ; they are too small .
 Just not a quality product for incontinence . You 'd be better off searching Amazon for Abri-Form or Molicare .
 I tried depends for bed wetting , and the were unfortunately no help . The leaked often , and thus I was faced with wet sheets . Attends seems to be a better brief , they do n't leak as much .
 perhaps I do n't know what a brief is but this is not constructed like a pair of underpants -LRB- as the daytime depends are -RRB- , but rather as a diaper where you have to secure the sides . As the patient is not confined to a bed , such a design is not appropriate and difficult to put on the patient .
 Bought this for my 6 year old . Same problem as a lot of reviews have said . The door/slider does not stay flat and you can squish the bug pretty easily if you were trying to scoop it up from a flat surface .
 The sliding door on our catcher was warped when we opened the package , so a bug is able to sneak out the corner . Even a perfect sliding door would n't be simple to use by a child -LRB- mine is 8 -RRB- , and close without losing or harming the bug . The magnifying glass distorts the image . My child caught the bugs by hand and tried to coax them into this catcher . There are plenty of ` bug keeper ' type boxes that would have been better than this catcher which did n't work for us .
 These belted depends were way old . They had an extra dry feel and a smell , The elastic belts were not the newer better ones . I threw most of them in the trash can .
 This cream left a black ring around my mouth where I was bleaching . I 've never seen a bleaching cream do this ... I would n't recommend to anyone.Hope this ring disappears soon !
 YOU SENT THE WRONG PRODUCT AND I AM NOT HAPPY BECAUSE I AM TOO OLD TO TRY AND SEND IT BACK . J AM NOT HAPPY WITH YOUR SERVICE
 Velcro is fine until the diaper gets heavy , then it fails to hold them up - is there any hope of getting the extra-absorbent with the button straps ? Help !
 I totally disliked the Depends . They 're very uncomfortable , difficult to take on and off , and much less absorbent than Serenity or Poise Guards . Unless one is n't ambulatory , I see no advantage whatsoever to using this product . I 'm very glad I had the opportunity to Test Drive this -- I 'm a Serenity and Poise Guard user and always wanted to try this .
 Do n't buy it . Just go to your local home depot , any auto parts/accessories store , etc. and you can get a much better deal .
 The price of these bars is outrageous . The company that makes them charges $ 10.00 less per box than Amazon .
 Bought this item in March 2010 to trim my hairline after cutting my hair.Used this item six times a year for a total of 12 times.In June 2012 , I turned it on and there is only a hum . The trimmer does not function . Completely dead.This trimmer gave me a warning a few months back . When I turned it on there was only a hum . But after turning it on several times it worked again.This time though , it is COMPLETELY DEAD . So it costs $ 50.00 for 12 uses , i.e. $ 4.16 per haircut .
 Machine get to hot in few mints which is not good at all , after every use you have to let the machine cool down , before buying must check the review .
 hate these t-outliner sooo much better for me but to each his own we all cut differently ya know outliner 2 i use for corner edges lil boys edges or skin/bald fades so i still use them daily nice buy i just prefer t-outliners ! good luck and happy cuttin to all !
 It did a good job , gave a very close cut but broke during first use . Turned it on again and blade is not moving at all , only noise and burnt smell ...
 Work Good For The First Time Blade Did Not Last And Machine Running Hot After Five Minute And Very Noisy .
 I had theses for four months and they died . I bought theses for cutting my own hair , since they are supposed to be for professional use . However , they had problems from day 1 , now they do n't cut hair at all . I always cleaned and lubed after every use . But these are GARBAGE do not buy .
 Bought this item to replace a walker without wheels and this item works okay but there is a problem with no apparent solution . The material that the grips on the handlebars are made of has an extremely foul odor that you can not get rid of . The odor is so profuse that it can make you ill feeling and it rubs off on your hands . I contacted customer service at the manufacturer , Invacare , and they were aware of the problem but had no suggestions to correct the problem . Even though they had been aware of this problem for a period of time no action had been taken to correct it , such as , a change in material . They only said to live with it and eventually the odor would wear off . If you buy this item , do n't say you were not warned !!!
 If you have a home with a lot of room and never plan on loading this walker into a car , you 'll be fine . The large wheels and sturdy frame make it easy to use and very stable . I bought this for my dad who lives in an apartment in a retirement center . It is good for getting him from his apartment to the dining room ; but it is too big to use easily inside the apartment and difficult finding room to park.It is HUGE and does NOT fold easily or compactly . I drive and older Toyota Avalon , a large sedan . I have a bigger than average trunk but this walker will not fit in my trunk unless I take it apart . I can remove the backrest but it is not easy . There are push pins which allow the back to be removed but they do n't work well . It takes a long time to get the back off -- a very frustrating procedure . Then it just barely fits in my trunk . The handles are massive and take up even more space because of the much lower brake handles . These can be removed but only by unscrewing them . This takes a while and is n't problem free . Then , of course , when you get where you are going you have to put it together again . Then you must reverse the procedure coming home . It 's time consuming , frustrating , awkward , and difficult . Also , the basket has to be removed for folding , which takes up even more space . It is very frustrating for me when I take my father to doctor 's appointments . My mother also needs a walker . If I got one of these for her , there 'd be no room in the car for luggage , grocery bags , etc. . It would be IMPOSSIBLE to get two of these in my large trunk.I have managed to get the walker in the back seat without removing parts but it is n't easy . I have to move the front seat up as far as it will go . Even then , the wheels get stuck in the floor-well and the handles get stuck on the door frame . It takes multiple tries to get just the right angle . I ca n't over emphasize the time and frustration involved . I am disgusted with the design of this walker and would never buy another one . It 's going to be miserable loading and unloading this thing in cold weather . I will probably buy a smaller , aluminum walker for taking my dad on trips and on errands . However , I worry it will be a major adjustment for him.If your major use of this walker is going down wide hallways and sidewalks , go for it . Just remember it needs lots of room and is n't really a portable device .
 This is supposed to be rated to 300lbs , and I 'm around 250 . It was great when I first got it , and very nice to have nice smooth rolling wheels , as my old one is creaky and sweaky . But the cross bar on the bottom is bolted on both ends , and I had 1 end snap off after about a week . I will be able to find something at the hardware store to fix it , but this is not as sturdy as it was advertised . If you 're a heavyweight I would not purchase this one , look for a heavier duty model .
 This product is n't what I expected . The lubricant does what it 's meant to do , but it 's messy . I do n't think I 'd purchase it . I was very disappointed . I feel that other similar products I know of are better . The price of this product is comparable to those , but the others would go much further .
 i bought this with high hopes but it was complete disappointment . We kept having to reapply because it turned into a sticky glue feeling mess . I think we will stick with our astro glide !!
 but then I saw a consumer reports ad in my mail that wanted me to buy the magazine . It included their review of facial tissue.They said that the strongest tissue they came upon was Puffs Plus.On nasal ettiquite : I am a honker . Being as such I always had to fold these Kleenex in half so that they did n't blow a hole through them.I decided to try the stronger puffs and they really are . I do n't need to fold them and they do n't blow through . That said they are also more expensive than this product . I now buy both . I put Puffs Plus on my side of the bed for me , and the Kleenex throughout the house for everyone else . ***** Final Thoughts ***** Kleenex is a less expensive product if you go through a lot of facial tissue . Puffs Plus is stronger if you need that sort of thing .
 These offer no more than any other tampon , it is still the same commercial rubbish with god knows what sort of harmful chemicals , as if it is not bad enough to sell such harmful products they are now saying that applicators are flushable ?! Tampons are not flushable , applicators are not flushable , no matter how much they are advertised as such , they will still mess up the sewage system and still cause just as much waste .
 I think that Rainbow Light is a quality company however after taking this product for 6 months I can honestly say I have not one iota more energy and in fact if I do not take it I feel the same !
 I been looking for some good vitamins that can provide me with a good amount of energy . Before these , I tried mega men from GNC and also Ultimate Man from theVitamin shop . Since Amazon sells almost everything I decided to shop online and try these based on the reviews here . Sorry to have to knock the rating down on these but , been using these for a couple of months , and I have never felt more tired ... I sleep 7 hrs a night if Im lucky , wake up early to head to college by 7:20 AM - stay there from 7-12PM - At 12 I play basketball from 12-1 :40 , then back to a final class for the day that ends at 2:30 . I get home around 3PM , and by 8 -:9 Im already feeling `` TIRED '' I also start feeling less then one hundred percent by midday -LRB- ie sort of groggy -RRB- . Do n't know what it is , but the ones I took before these were the new Vitamin SHop Mens Gold vitamins and they did n't make me feel this tired.This is not a technical write up but just a general heads up for those very active .
 I really wanted to like these vitamins . It made me extremely gassy and bloated . Could n't even sleep . I Will try megafood vitamins
 I was getting some weird headaches when I started taking these vitamins . I did n't even think it was the vitamins until I read another reviewer here . I 'm not allergic to anything . Just be careful . I went back to my trusty cheap men one a days . Never had a vitamin issue before in my life.Update
 `` People who took as little as 200 mcg of selenium per day for more than 7 years had a significantly higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes . `` Source
 Very good mix of vitamins that gives you a long lasting boost of energy . I feel healthier , I sleep 5 to 6 hours now instead of 7 to 8 . I can feel that my immunity system got stronger , I have n't had cold or flu since I started taking it . My favorite part is that it 's gelatin free since I do n't consume any pork products . Forgot to mention that you can take it on an empty stomach with no funny feelings . I recommend taking it with or before breakfast for best results . And yeah . It 's the cheapest on the market compared to other brands .
 This multivitamin has the most desirable ` natural ' and absorbable forms of vitamins ONLY ON PAPER AND IN THEORY . This vitamin is not absorbed by the body -LRB- firstly - its in the tablet form which has undesired ` binders ' ... capsules are much better delivery methods for supplements as has been proven by research - but more importantly - I have tried other tablets that actually work to varying degrees unlike this one which does not work at all for me beneficially -RRB- . Try doing the solubility test like some other reviewers have done and see for yourself . Quoting one such review - `` After a full hour in vinegar at ~ 100 deg F , the pill was not fully dissolved . '' I can attest to this from personal experience . All the so called good stuff is useless if it is not absorbed by the system.However , for me , it was even worse than having no effect . Far from supplementing , my health and energy took a definite downward plunge -LRB- enervation , weight loss -LRB- I am a hard gainer and this is the worst that can happen to one -RRB- -RRB- every time I used this product . I gave it several tries just to be sure that the negative effects were not for any other factor or supplement that I was taking and also to see whether this does benefit me after a while . However , after several retries , there is no question now at all that it is the Rainbow Light Vitamin that 's causing the harm . I have no idea why it had that negative effect on me - I would have expected a ` no-effect ' at worst but this proved to be even worse . Now - to be fair , I would attribute this negative effect to my personal chemistry rather than any harmful ingredient in this vitamin which I believe is not present , but the point that I would still make is that these vitamins do not absorb in your body to have any benefit.I have tried other highly raved multivitamins -LRB- Twinlab Daily One With Iron , Optimen -RRB- here on Amazon and ALL of them work FAR better for me . Try Optimen - you will throw away these vitamins after the very first few days . They ACTUALLY make you feel stronger and better rather than just publishing a long list of ` quality natural ingredients ' in theory and merely giving you a psychological satisfaction of using a ` quality supplement ' but delivering no results in reality .
 Tried these vits about a month ago . Within a day or so noticed soreness in joints of hands and knees . I have a sensitivity to nightshade family and especially tomatoes.The source of the high dose of lycopene in these vitamins is tomatoes . I took a few days to trace the source of inflammation to the the vitamins but was glad upon discovering the link . Stopped taking and cleared up within a couple of days and no problems since .
 I have a supplement regiment which I have been faithful to since 1992 . I have learned on the path to balance , certain synthesis work better than others . Obviously , I am speaking for my own chemistry.I thought I would try this particular mix , since it was highly revered here on Amazon . What a mistake ! Something about the formula turned me into a beast over a couple weeks . Some chemistry 's ca n't cope with certain synergistic combinations , or the synthetics used . Rainbow Light choose to use cyanocobalamin for B12 , whereas the best vitamins use methylcobalamin which is natural to the body . I stopped taking it after a couple weeks when I noticed I was intolerant and short tempered . Was back to a normal temperament almost instantly.When biochemist Lyle MacWilliam was commissioned by the Canadian Minister of Health to develop a new regulatory framework , they committed to over six years of research testing up to 1,000 multi-vitamin brands . They quickly eliminated 480 for definitive reasons . Of the 510 left , only 8 made the grade above 95 % acceptance . USANA Health Sciences Essentials -LRB- U.S. -RRB- was first ; Douglas Laboratories Ultra Preventive X was 2nd ; Vitamin Research Products Extended Plus ; Source Naturals Life Force Multiple ; Source Naturals Elan Vital ; USANA Health Sciences Essentials -LRB- Canadian -RRB- ; FreeLife Basic Mindell Plus ; Life Extension Foundation Life Extension Mix . The last one made the most sense to me after studying the synergistics . These top contenders will cost between $ 40 and $ 60 , but you do get what you pay for in this arena.This reviewed Rainbow Light product ranked only at 369th place in Dr. Lyle MacWilliam research !
 I wish I had purchased a small bottle instead of 150 . I hate the smell ... trying to figure out a way to get them ingested each day without smelling them . Purchased them because they are not suppose to upset your stomach ... not true ... I can count on an upset stomach about half the time . Will not get them again once they are finished . And I am sure no one wants to hear about the yellow urine !
 I think these vitamins are really doing their job , because -LRB- and sorry if this is TMI -RRB- when I urinate after taking these vitamins , the urine is a bright neon yellow , which means that your body has been able to absorb nutrients . The only letdown is that these vitamins do NOT give me energy like they say they do.UPDATE
 Most vitamins and meds do n't mess up my stomach . The only way this did n't mess up my stomach was if I was completely full . A glass of milk or a small breakfast was n't ever enough . I was disappointed since I thought this brand was geared toward being easy on your stomach . Their prenatal vitamins were good but not these .
 Ok , first of all , this multivitamin is very complete , it even has things others do n't , which is really good . the problem is that it has too much of some things . If you look at the ingredients , you 'll see that these pills contain saw palmetto which is a plant used for prostate health . Some people claim it also helps hair regrowth . However , one of the side effects of it is that it can cause erectyle dysfunction ! Believe me , I personally experienced this while taking these pills . I completely lost my sexual drive . In addition to that , it also caused insomnia ! Do your own research and you 'll confirm what I 'm telling you . I could not even finish the bottle . Be careful with saw palmetto .
 I have had kidney stones in the past , but have n't had any in over a year . After using this product , I have had a small one , a big one , and I am currently working on another that does n't want to come out . This multi vitamin is the only thing that I have changed in my diet . If you have ever had kidney stones , you should stay away from this product .
 This vitamin looks really great on paper , but when I got it home , it did n't seem to stack up . I tried the dissolve test mentioned in another review . After a full hour in vinegar at ~ 100 deg F , the pill was not fully dissolved . It seems like I 'll need to take 2 a day to get the full benefit of this pill . I have emailed Rainbow Light about it . I will update my review if they do anything to remedy the dissolving problems .
 Twice . That 's how we know it 's them . Could be from the heat during transport since they are whole food vitamins . If so , we always pay more now to get probiotics and vitamins that have been kept cold during transit . Gave it two stars for their attempt at whole food vitamin and that I do n't know if heat had to do with the situation . I believe we ordered them twice , though , and he always complained about an upset stomach before the episode .
 This review also has to do with the company `` Plus samples '' . I have ordered this product 2x within the last year and the 1st time was near expiration , the 2nd time , the product had already been expired before reaching my healthcare center . Although they said it was an issue with soothing touch , I believe any company being a distributor should look at the expiration dates prior to sending them off to buyers . I will not use amazon or plus samples in the future for this product .
 just finished my last kimono off from a 12-pack and lo and behold , it broke . nothing fancy done , just some straight missionary and afterwards i find the condom broken and wrapped around my base like a c-ring . nice . i should have expected this from something that has such a `` grippy '' feeling lubricant . water-based is right , it feels like water and has about the same lubricating principles . to top it off it does smell very rubbery.i 'll stick to me tried and true durex ultra thin and ribbed condoms . plus , they come in a nice shade of red : -RRB-
 These upset my stomach for some reason . It did n't seem to matter whether I took them with food or not . This might be TMI , but it gave me stools like water every time I took one . Your results might differ , but if you get an upset stomach while taking this , you might want to see if this is the cause . I do however love Rainbow Light 's Women 's Multivitamin . It 's the only multivitamin I 've tried that does n't upset my stomach .
 I can not stand how much this thing smells . I do n't know how this can possibly be a no rinse clenser . Why would anyone want to have this kind of smell linger on the delicate infant skin ? I use it on my baby but I always wash it off with a wet washcloth afterwards so I can remove that strong chemical smell . It 's like putting a Chanel # 5 on a seven year old . Horrible .
 Perhaps I was using this wrong , but this is by far the least favorite product of mine in the mustella line . It left my baby 's skin sticky and I was n't impressed with the smell - no where as good as the other mustella products , which i love !
 I bought these based on other reviews and it was really not a good buy . The amount of enzyme activity is not enough to do anything . 60 LU of lipase is nothing compared to one that costs a little bit more with 5000 LU . Its a pity we cant see the back of the label with all the ingredients before purchase . I would not buy again .
 These are very weak as digestive enzymes , in my case almost worthless . They may , however , have some function as more systemic enzymes , since they seem to increase my energy just a little , if I take at least 7 capsules each day . More than seven does not seem to bring better results .
 I was very hopeful when I first ordered this product after reading all the great reviews . My problems
 I did not buy these on Amazon but wanted to let you know that they ARE NOT GLUTEN FREE!I have a gluten intollerance and saw on line that someone posted that these in fact werent gluten free . I disreguarded it and took them . In 2 days I had ringing ears and my head was floating . I stopped them and bought something else and my symptoms went away in 2 days . I emailed the company and was told it was gluten free and there was a mis print so I started back on them and all of my symptoms returned topped with anxiety . SO dont believe everything that you read.Proceed with caution ! The company wasnt interested in my health or a refund .
 I 'm usually a guy who posts up positive reviews , but I 'm sorry , this is not one of them . I was pretty confident about ordering this , I even chose to get a subscription because all the positive reviews , but big mistake there . First , really bad smell and taste . I 'm still confused why there were no reviews mentioning the bad smell and taste to it . And because of that , it literally makes me lose my appetite . I thought to myself , I 'll get over it , but it 's been a month now and still hate that taste to it . Besides the awful taste , this product simply did not work . I used it before every meal , even a snack sometimes for a whole month . And really it did not make me feel better , sometimes it made my stomach feel even worse . I do n't know , it may be just affecting me , but with all the positive reviews , I 'm pretty pissed it did n't work . That 's a lesson I learned , do n't get a subscription , unless you know it works . I take the NOW Super Enzymes Capsules , and that really works , and does n't have a taste to it.NOW Foods , Super ENZYME CAPS 180 CAPS
 I have IBS-D and I usually use the Twinlab Super Enzyme capsules for that . However , the bottle of 200 that I buy was not available with Prime as they had been so I decided to try the Rainbow Light capsules . I ca n't say that they do n't work at all because the IBS-D symptoms did not return full force , but they did not work as well as I would have liked . As soon as the Twinlab capsules were available with Prime again , I ordered those and did not finish the bottle of Rainbow Light . Everyone is different and these might work well for someone who only suffers from some slight digestive troubles , but for my problem , I needed something better . One thing I will say for them is that when you open the bottle , the minty scent is a lot better than that of the Twinlab !
 It is a real hassle to remember to take these with every meal and did not seem to help any so not worth the effort for me .
 I have been taking this product for over a week with every meal . As I write this review , I am bloated , gassy and uncomfortable . Flatulence ? Oh boy , stay away ! The only difference I noticed is flatulence is less fetid but still there . Try something else .
 I could not be more dissappointed . These are NOT chocolate , nor do they have any taste at all . They should be soft but are crunchy , hard and dry with NO flavor . Like eating plastic . Just awful , do n't buy !
 buyer beware
 Please go to any store nearby and be surprised to find this product for a third of the price offered . You will have to pay as much as buying two of these packs at a local store if you want to return them . :-RRB- . so good luck
 Are you kidding me . $ 7.19 for 8 pocket tissue ? I ordered it by mistake . I wanted to return it but it did n't come with a free return .
 Compared to the same branded product I 've purchased before , these tissues are packaged differently and are not nearly as soft -- not friendly to a sore nose !
 BUYERS BEWARE !!!!! I can not claim false advertising ... Because the seller is clever in that the `` PICTURE '' present represents the product . Thus , clearly gives the impression there are eight square boxes of Kleenex Tissue and there is the deceptive . Subtle , yet convincing , I as others here who 've left a negative review am proof . To me deception is never good and hard to believe it occurs when dealing with the public as a whole . We , the public/buyer/s can not be fooled for long . Yes , a seller will get several hook line and sinker . I included , yet sooner rather than later . The buyer/public will catch on.Allow me to state I am not easily riled up . I understand the seller 's position in general and I realize he/she is never going to please everyone . Yet , this particular situation has nothing to do with that generalization.When the product I purchased arrived I received , -LRB- I roughly estimated and measured the packets of 8 - 4.25 x 2.25 inch teeny tiny packages of Kleenex tissue that contained 15 itty bitty tissues per package . Now tell me is that what you see in the picture represented here as the product ? Buyer
 Warning ... I paid $ 6.95 - with supersaver shipping - for ONE box of Kleenex Juniors ! I thought there would be six boxes . It is my option to return it , however , the shipping cost of $ 6.00 will be deducted from my refund . Safe to say , this was not a good value .
 I was glad to find these tissues in a box the right size for my car . I expected a multipack of tissue for this price . As described it is ONE box of 65 tissues . This makes each tiny tissue over 10 cents each ! Next time I 'll read more carefully .
 I USED THIS PRODUCT AND IT BROKE ME OUT REALLY REALLY BAD . THIS PRODUCT MADE MY SKIN ITCHY . WOULD NOT RECOMMEND .
 This brand makes stomache hurt unfortunately . The other brand -LRB- Cytosport Complete Casin -RRB- does n't taste as good but it certainly beats having to camp out in el ba & ntilde ; o after drinking my morning shake.My brother is a dietitian and he suggested that I start to use casein protein instead of soy protein which is `` not a complete protein . '' He was completely right ; I used to feel hungry maybe 30 min after the soy protein shake while the casein keeps me going all morning . It 's just that this brand is n't good for my lactose intolerance . Oh well ! Live and learn .
 It bunches up when you raise your arm . It does nothing . Do n't waste your money . Keep looking for something else .
 Sure ... you 'd get the natural feeling , BECAUSE THEY BREAK ! No protection at all ... I was afraid something would happen . I 'll stick to the other condoms thank you very much .
 I am not happy with this product . It was leaking all over my shipping envelope and still leaks . Not sure how sanitary it is if it leaks !! I ended up throwing it out .
 This box showed up in a Hugely oversized white box with red lettering saying `` My Home Testing ! '' I expected some delivery discretion and certainly did not receive it from this company . I 'm really shocked and upset that they think this is ok ... Now all my neighbors probably think I 'm a whore who has HIV . Terrific .
 This is the second time that I have had the misfortune to use a test from this company . Each time they find a reason not to be able to perform the test , and they try to get my name and address to send me a new kit . I think they keep name records to report to the Feds . So much for anonymity ! I will never use this company again !
 This item is a waste of money . First of all , I could not get enough blood out of my fingers with the two lancets they provided . However , I sent the sample in anyway as I thought maybe it would be enough . They were n't able to test my sample and offered a replacement at half price.DO YOURSELF A FAVOR . SAVE THE MONEY AND GO TO YOUR LOCAL HEALTH DEPARTMENT .
 In many cases STD infections are only discovered when they have progressed to a state which have caused permanent damage to the body and treatment is too late . If you do n't want to be late , it is wise to test earlier . Visit -LSB- ... -RSB- or click on HIV Home Tests for more info!i go to here to get tested for other kind of STDsthey have chlamydia , gonorrhea , Hepatitis B Hepatitis C , Syphilis testing device in affordable pricing.all and all , highly recommended to everyone !
 I have ordered this three times and each time what arrives is not what is pictured . What arrives is a plastic squeeze bottle .
 I ordered a different product but this was shipped instead . The shipper said ` it is basically the same thing . ' If that is what I wanted , that is what I would have ordered .
 This item is a waste of money . First of all , I could not get enough blood out of my fingers with the two lancets they provided . However , I sent the sample in anyway as I thought maybe it would be enough . They were n't able to test my sample and offered a replacement at half price.DO YOURSELF A FAVOR . SAVE THE MONEY AND GO TO YOUR LOCAL HEALTH DEPARTMENT .
 You practically need a gunshot wound to get the amount of blood they want . The lancets they provide have razor blades in them that do n't even work , so I went and bought my own lancet from a drug store . I pricked myself THREE separate time with the lancet to get enough blood to fill the area they need filled . They provide a card with a bout a 1 '' diameter circle that needs to be filled with blood . But the blood also has to soak through to fill 100 % of the reverse side too . Even after 3 needle pricks from the drug store lancet , I could n't get enough blood to fully soak through . I just mailed it in anyways , and I 'm hoping it 's enough blood for them to give me a test result , but I 'm expecting it to not work .
 Blood sample is extremely difficult . I followed all the instructions , yet had to cut myself in order to collect a large enough blood sample . Despite this , the sample was untestable and no refunds are offered . I wasted 3 weeks and $ 45 on this worthless product .
 This Product is almost waste of money.Its painful , slow and frustrating . I had to order this kit thrice and still could not get the results . The safety lancet provided with the kit is just not enough to get a deep cut and draw enough blood.Even after properly filling the blood sample in the test strip one has to make sure that all the blood drops are put one at a time.I used the first lancet to get few drop of blood and that was not enough and by the time I used the second lancet to get few more drops of blood there was a delay of 5 minutes and the the previous blood sample dried out . I confirmed with the technical support and they said all the blood drop should be placed in the test strip together.Frustrated i tried the `` OraQuick rapid '' test . its very simple . No need for painful blood extraction . Just the mouth saliva is used and the result is available in 20 minutes . Tough OraQuick is not available as personal home kit . Its can be found in any clinic . Most clinic give a free Oraquick rapid saliva test
 The compartments are very large , more than I needed , but would be a good size for someone taking more than 2-3 supplements . Unfortunately , the lids really do pop off too easily . I read the reviews of people who were n't happy about that , and I thought it would n't be a big deal since I was n't using it to travel , just to organize . But they pop open even just being lightly bumped or brushed . If I dropped it I have no doubt every single lid would come flying open . I ended up buying a smaller and more secure one that could still hold a few supplements per compartment .
 The picture shows an XXL pill organizer . With all the new vitamins chews , I am really looking for an XXL pill organizer . If it is just pills or tablets , you 're fine . Oh well , I am squishing in all the soft chewy vitamins . The lids stay shut half of the time . If you pack this container -LRB- I travel for work -RRB- , they do not stay closed even in a ziplock bag .
 Worked great until it broke . The compartments are nicely labeled , easy to open and close , and hold about 5-6 large capsules . They shut fairly tightly . Unfortunately , one spill off the counter snapped off two of the doors . It can still be used , but those doors are now inconvenient and pop off at the slightest provocation . The inserts holding all the doors also slide out very easily , although they can be glued down . Useless for travel because the doors break off and fall open so easily . Not recommended .
 When I opened the box , this pill box was already damaged . Tuesday AM 's door was broken . Given the price , it was not even worth my time to return or exchange . It looks pretty nice , but with a broken door , its pretty worthless to me .
 I was disapointed with pill organizer . I had only used it one time when the lids started falling off . I would have contacted the seller but when it happened I was no where near my computer so I just let it slide . I do n't think I will be buying anything else from this company again .
 This is such a bad design that it should be studied in design departments as an example of how not to solve a problem . The problem is that the labels on the compartments are upside down in relation to each other . In other words , if you are looking at it with the row of PM compartments facing you , the PM labels are right side up and all the AM labels are upside down . If you turn it around the other way , the AM labels are right side up , but then the days are in the wrong direction , going from right to left . I find this bizarre . It 's visually disturbing to someone with any sense of symmetry and order . The only thing I could do was to cover up all the labels , AM and PM , with duct tape , and write the days and the AM/PM notations on the duct tape . So now the AM compartments are on top , where they should be , and the PM compartments are on the bottom , going from left to right , and the words are all right side up . Dumbest design I 've ever seen .
 Lasted only three months before the lid came off of one of the compartments and ca n't be reattached . Looking for a sturdier product . Wo n't buy again .
 I love the size of this product and the ability to fill 14 compartments in one organizer . Unfortunately my son knocked it off a desk less than 3 feet tall and the corner compartment flap broke right off . It was closed and empty because I had yet to use it . very disappointed . i looked closer at the hinges and i would n't be surprised if more hinges break just from use , as they are very thin and weak .
 much larger than I expected . will work for craft projects , but much too big for the 5 pills I take daily .
 I bought this pill organizer for traveling and was very disappointed . The closures on each slot are so weak that you have to hold them all closed when you open one , else all the pills come tumbling out . I bought it at WalMart which is an hour away , so of course wo n't go to the trouble of returning it , but can warn others here .
 I have been using this type of pill organizer for years for hubby and myself . Older ones were great since you simply removed the lids from their slot , filled each section and when done , slid the 7 day lid piece back in place . Since the companies decided to eliminate some of the plastic , when you remove the lid section , the pills from night and day tend to fall into each other while you 're trying to fill them . I am a retired nurse and set up 6-8 wks at a time for both of us . The removal of the solid plastic `` walls '' between the AM & PM sections is a PITA . I had to cut pieces of cardstock to fit in the slots so I could fill the sections without having them spill over into the other section for the same day . It also requires cutting some slots in the cardstock to fit the plastic struts in the container . I would give anything to have the solid plastic sections again . Trying to fill the containers without removing the lids is also a PITA because they want to close down . I tried holding them up/together with rubber bands but if the band was tight enough to hold all 14 up , it was also tight enough to cause some breakage of the outer most lids . The biggest problem is not the brand but the design . I actually spoke with one company rep and they really did n't care a bit . Removing the `` extra '' bits of plastic apparently saved money on manufacturing as well as shipping . If you 're only filling a single container each week , it 's probably not a problem but when you have a patient with lots of medications , it becomes a problem .
 We did read that there were some problems with the lids on this item , but we went ahead and ordered it anyway . However , we were very surprised when right out of the box 3 of the lids were broken on one pill case . We did not even open the other 3 that we purchased and returned all back for a refund . This product should be removed from the items you sell . It is of very inferior quality .
 This is a good idea , but has design flaws .1 . The lids do not stay closed . They come open much too easily . I have had pills spill out .2 . The compartments are white and opaque . Many of my pills are white and tiny . I have a hard time seeing if I got the right pills in there . I bought this because it had the dual am/pm design . My previous one was a single and I had to use 2 and remember which was am and which was pm . This is better in that way , but the others were a darker color so I could see light-colored pills better . They were also transluscent , so I could see from the bottom.The removable covers are good for cleaning and filling , but the flaws outweigh the benefits.February 4 , 2008 Update
 The organizer arrived broken and more compartments started to break as I used it . I realize they were inexpensive but I thought they would last for awhile . Obviously they did n't . Poor product .
 The product received is a very defective piece , the bottom of the box broken and there is a hole in it and the packaging is also not done well . It is not worth for the money paid .
 Door hinges are just thinned areas in the plastic , which become brittle with use . On mine the first door broke off in about 9 months . Also , doors open easily by accident . I had to wrap mine with a rubber band when traveling to keep pills from spilling .
 Lids do n't stay closed ! Otherwise OK ! Have been using similar ones for years . These not as good . Still usable though
 I 've gone through 2 of these in a year . The lids pop off way too easy -LRB- even with a ziplock bag when traveling , one still needs to reorganize -RRB- . With any weight or a bump , the plastic is so cheap it chips . A terrible product .
 The plastic tops do n't have proper hinges - they 're just creased plastic , so break very easily . I 've had two of these , because it 's all my local drugstore sells , and both had at least one missing top within 2 months of gentle use . I ca n't imagine these lasting more than a few months for anyone . If you buy it , consider it `` disposable '' .
 This box is not a good choice because it does not snap well . It also is hard to fill as the insert comes out too easily . My box ended up in the trash as I did n't even want to pass it along to the thrift shop .
 The plastic hinge on each compartment must be .0000001 microns thin ; after 1 weeks use -LRB- keep in mind the compartment is opened once to fill and closed to seal -RRB- , 3 of the lids broke off . We threw the darn thing away . Like I said , crappy quality . My suggestion , buy another product .
 The cinnamon flavor in the bars was just right . And they do seem to get me through a quick lunch at work . However , they are unbelievably SWEET ! I would n't use them because of this reason . I would compare taking a bite of these to putting a teaspoon of sugar in your mouth .
 I was very enthused by these till I actually ate them . The first three bites were okay , but after that I could n't keep eating . The added Raisin/Oatmeal flavoring is way too strong . I have had other types of meal-on-the-go bars and actually liked them . But these are n't that great .
 My doctor used these on my arm and because my skin rips VERY easily I wanted to have some here at my home . When they arrived -LRB- 2 packages of them -RRB- I used some right away . I noticed that they were white and not the skin color my doctor uses but thought that is not a problem . I put several on just like the doctor did and within an hour , all of them were off ! I had no lotion on and my arms were clean after wiping them with alcohol pads.I always thought that 3M made good products and I am really disappointed in these . They are worthless to me ! 3M STERI STRIP SKIN CLOSURES 1/8 '' X 3 '' 10 PKG/5
 the picture shows something like a glove that ends at your wrist . Hummm . what I got goes halfway up my arm and is not flexible would work for somebody with carple tunnel . will not work for my arthritis in my thumb joints . Ca n't get a response from the company for a return . would n't buy anything from this company .
 I am not happy with this product . It is flimsy and does n't support the thumb at all . It does n't wrap around right and barely covers the thumb .
 I have arthritis in both thumbs , the left having been operated on three years ago . I am right handed and do n't intend to have surgery on my right thumb . I use various thumb braces . What I expect from them after having paid a reasonable price is rest for the joint so I can be free of pain from random , inadvertent joint movements . This product , while reasonably priced , is too loosely designed to provide true rest for the joint . Further it is completely plastic in composition meaning that after even a short wearing I have a lot of sweat . I would not buy this product again at any price .
 I do not feel like this thumb spica kept my thumb straight , as I thought it would . After purchasing this I ended up getting a brace with a metal strip inside to keep the thumb from bending . I 'm really not sure what this one would ever to to help someone .
 This spica splint offered NO help for support or immobilization of my thumb . The velcro fastens at the wrist and at the thumb but at no spot inbetween . Any movement of the thumb , hand or wrist causes the parts of the brace between the two points of contact to gap . That allows movement . This brace seemed nothing but cumbersome during the few try-on moments before I returned it . It did apparently help others . Was I using it wrong ? Who knows . The promised instructions were n't really inside after all.I think I 'll end up going back to the physical therapy hand specialist to have a brace molded specifically to my hand . It will be water proof , washable , durable and offer proper support of my arthritic thumb base so pain can be relieved . Sure glad I still have medical insurance .
 I liked the price . Product supported my finger but I perspired all night wearing it . There is no cotton inside to absorb perspiration .
 After my initial recovery from an RCL tear in my left thumb -LRB- 7 weeks in a cast , 8 weeks in a removable hard splint , and 11 weeks of OT -RRB- , I was looking for a brace that would support my thumb but allow movement of my wrist . I 'm pretty active in exercise -LRB- swimming , yoga , Pilates , aerobics , water aerobics , weight training -RRB- , so I needed something that I could wear while doing these activities . The Invacare IB Thumb Spica did not meet my needs . It did not offer the support I was looking for and it was a bit clunky -LRB- not form fitting -RRB- .
 The product was shipped extremely quickly . But the product did not work for me . Depending on your hand size and what type of issue you are having , it may work for you .
 I bought the fruit flavor hoping my son -LRB- who 's not crazy about brushing his teeth -RRB- would like it . However , the flavor , while definitely fruity , was just weird . It was definitely unlike any fruit flavored gum I 've ever had before . At some point I 'd be willing to try the mint or cinnamon -- I 'd imagine those flavors are easier to get right .
 The Simply Sleep is n't what it advertised itself to be . It claimed to be nothing but a sleep aid , but the active drug is nothing but an allergy medication that has a side effect of drowsiness . Also , it did n't even give me a true drowsiness . Yes , it made me tired , but when I tried to go to sleep , my whole body tingled unnaturally , which made me constantly want to stretch and toss and turn to find a position comfortable enough to sleep in . I went to sleep in an hour , but the level of comfort was almost not worth taking it to begin with . I woke up earlier than usual as well , which can be a plus since I have trouble waking up , but throughout the day I was more tired than usual .
 Works fine , decent quality . Size is not what I would consider large . Picture makes it look much larger than it actually is .
 The size as shown when I ordered the pill boxes were not what I received . The ones I got were smaller and so of no use to me so I returned them . Happily , I was in a Walmart the other day and stumbled upon some boxes that fit the bill perfectly -LRB- and were significantly cheaper , to boot -RRB-
 I have been using two different Tena products for the past several months and have found them comparable and maybe just a bit preferable to Poise . I decided to try a different type of Tena , but I am very disappointed in the Tena Serenity Pads . They are extremely uncomfortable and I will not be using the rest of the package -LRB- I have used one pad -RRB- .
 I have a order description that plainly says Ultra Plus which is the exact thing ordered back in Dec for an elderly relative . When opened it had Heavy as style and when I click on the order still saying Ultra Plus it takes me to Heavy which is not what I ordered . It is as if the code changed in mid order . I have checked three times and even though the word HEAVY is not in my order line description you get taken to the Heavy product . That is not what was expected . We will make do for her , but when I order with the plastic thing from the last order in front of me and match the photo even , and get the description using the correct name , I do n't expect to get later a different product style on something in the medical world for my relative . This is very rare with Amazon ordering to happen to me . She will use it , but I wo n't order this again on line so I can make sure it does not mutate in mid stream for something this intimately important to her quality of life . I ca n't take the chance .
 My beef is not with the product itself , we 've ordered them before and they fill the bill completely . My unresolved problem is the way out of line price . In 9/08 the price for 1 pkg . was $ 17.79 ... same pkg . is now $ 49.50 !! Returned product , as I found it elsewhere for $ 15.99 . In none of my several calls to customer service could anyone explain the outrageous price increase , except by blaming it on the manufacturer . I do n't think A&P is selling it at a lose to the manufacturer . Check around , not all products are the best price here , in fact some are 3 times more than the supermarkets !
 I DONT KNOW WHAT I GOT . . BUT WASNT WHAT IS PICTURED AT ALL !! IVE BEEN USING TENA FOR 2 YRS THATS ALL -LRB- TRANQUILITY IS THE BEST BUT CANT AFFORD -RRB- I ALWAYS BUY THE TENA `` ULTIMATE '' THICK & SOMETIMES THE THIN ONES THAT ARE GREAT TOO . I SAW THIS SAID EXTRA LONG AND WHY I BOUGHT ... WHEN I TOOK THEM OUT I WAS SURPRISED TO SEE IT HAD A BLUE LINER STRIP IN IT ?? NEVER EVER SAW THAT IN A TENA PAD BEFORE ... I KINDA LIKED THEM BETTER THE WAY THEY LOOKED AND WERE A LITTLE LONGER BUT STILL CONFUSED BECAUSE THE PICTURE HERE DOES `` NOT '' SAY ANYTHING ABOUT THAT STRIP IN THE DESCRIPTION IT DOESNT SAY IT AND NO REVIEWS MENTIONED IT -LRB- USUALLY ALL WHITE SO THOUGHT I 'D COME HERE AND SEE IF ANYONE MENTIONED IT ... BUT NOONE DID SO IM REALLY THINKING I GOT SENT SOMETHING . . OLD ?? BUT THATS NOT THE THING ... THIS IS GROSS I HATE TO MENTION IT BUT AGAIN WHY IM WORRIED I GOT THE WRONG THINGS ... THEY ... REEEEK !!!!!!!!!!!! BEYONK REEEK !! I KNOW YOUR SAYING UM MAYBE ITS YOU ... LIKE I SAID I USE THESE TENA PADS DAILY EVERY SINGLE DAY OF MY LIFE NEVER HAD ONE WHEN GOT WET EVEN JUST A DRIP WOULD MAKE THE PAD HAVE THE ULTIMATE GROSSEST SMELL ! ... I AM RETURNING I ONLY USED 3 WANTED TO VOMIT FROM THE SMELL . . I EVEN DIDNT USE ONE I TOOK `` FRESH AGAIN '' INCONTINENT ODOR SPRAY -LRB- GREAT STUFF SMELL GREAT -RRB- AND WET THE PAD WITH THE THAT AND ... OMG ... THE ODOR CAME OUT !! NOW NOT ONE OF YOU MENTIONED THIS ... SO OBVIOUSLY GOT SOMETHING ELSE INSIDE A TENA PAD ? THIS WAS THE WORST EXPERIENCE I EVER HAD FROM ANYTHING LIKE THIS ! SO BE BEWARE IF YOU GET A BAG WITH THE PAD AND A BLUE LINER IN THE PAD CHUCK THEM LIKE THEY ARE ON FIRE LOL ...
 Between November 's shipment and December 's , Amazon tripled the price of this item with no warning . I got a shipping notice for TWO orders when I only have a subscription for 1 a month . THEN THERE WAS THE PRICE ! These pads went from around $ 17 to $ 45 ! Now I do n't know about you , but I ca n't afford an unwarranted price increase like this.From now on , I 'll be going to the drug store and paying the regular price even if I have to stop by three of them to find this size .
 Tena -LRB- Serenity -RRB- Ultra , may be `` Twist Proof '' as they currently advertise on their commercials , but they are not Pool Proof . Disintegrates into a masses of wet water logged cotton pieces.However
 These pads use to be the best on the market , but now the company has redone them . The new pads are so thin everything runs right thru them , they are basically worthless . WE SUGGEST YOU DO N'T BUY THEM !!!!!!
 Never got them !!! Been so long ! First order was great this one maybe with the holidays ?? Hope to get them soon ! been over 3 weeks now hmmmm ???
 Warning company changed their product !! These pads are now so thin they hold very little moisture . You have to use 2 pads together now , and you know what they cost.They use to be the best on the market it seem like they are making them thinner but keeping the price the same . These are the heavy weight ones , BEWARE .
 I read the reviews , mostly negative , but decided to try them anyway . I still have part of a package purchased a year ago or more and that product is excellent . This new product is terrible . It comes in the same packaging and labeling as the old package but , the quality of the pads is well below par . The material wads up and breaks up when moist , making it very uncomfortable , not to mention the loss of protection . The pads tend to leak at the sides . DO N'T BUY THESE . IT 'S A WASTE OF MONEY !
 The moderate absorbency long pads are not long at all . They are labeled as such but are just regular length .
 I ordered these thinking they were the clean white product , but they still have the purple dye unlike how the picture portrays them .
 These are the worst bladder control pads I 've ever used , the sides roll into the middle causing a thick roll in the middle of your underwear and the sides of your underwear unprotected . I went back to using pads with wings full coverage and no bunching in the center like these pads . Will NEVER buy again .
 i have a monthly subscription for these pads -LRB- which are great ! -RRB- from amazon , for which i pay about 14-15 .00 per month with free shipping . all of a sudden this month they raised the price to 49.00 for the 72-ct package ! this is NOT a mistake apparently , just a price hike . so i 've canceled my subscription and gone instead to walgreen site , where i can subscribe at the same old rate and have free shipping as well . Very disappointed in Amazon , as this seems an unreasonably high price .
 I would n't recommend this to anyone . I tried several different sizes of tablets , pills , and vitamins -- everything I had in the house . It just crushed everything into powder . The instructions were no help at all . I could n't figure out which direction the tablets should go in . I tried every way and no results . This product is n't worth the money .
 Cant keep it clean it has these spikes at in it that trap the meds .
 I 'm a 40 year old male and I 've have tried several highly proclaimed holistic supplements in an attempt to curb my high cholesterol . Cholesta-Lo was touted to be one of the few that actually worked . It does work , but not without it 's effects . I know that our chemistry 's vary and that the side effects will be different from person to person.Cholesta-Lo claims to use odorless garlic . Not true , breath smells distinctly like garlic after taking one of these , comes up from the stomach . Some of the unpleasant side effects include
 This lube is mildly flavored and does not last at all . Compared to Durex Play -LRB- Cherry or Pina Colada -RRB- this product is not worth spending the money to purchase . Purchased this product about a month ago and have not used it since . It just sits in the drawer .
 If you have small pills to cut this is n't the one for you because the pills get crushed instead of cut and then are caught up in the very narrow section of the holder .
 Pills slip on smooth surface - you often get an 80/20 split . Does n't like oval pills . The Apex Ultra Pill Splitter is a better choice .
 I tried to split one pill -LRB- scored for splitting -RRB- and not only was it cut into little pieces , but some actually fell on the floor , and I had to get a broom to sweep up , before my dog would pick them off the floor.I ca n't believe , that this product was actually made in America!I returned it to Amazon , and of course they are wonderful with returns !
 I bought this to split my multivitamin , which is a larger pill , and it just barely fits in the pill holder . The blade crushed the pill . Oh well .
 I bought this based on user reviews , makes me wonder how many reviews the product manufacturer adds to their own product . Unfortunately my experience is the pills cut around 60/40 to 55/45 and contrary to other reviews there is a good amount of dust and or flakes left too . I 'm on my to drugstore to try to find a useful one as this is going in the trash bin .
 Arrived on time but it was broken and I was unable to cut any pills as part of it was missing .
 i never received this item and i gave it 1 star because there wasnt any lesser option
 I got this to split my daughter pill , but could have just kept using a knife as I 'm sure my eyeballed split is more accurate than this cutter . The blade s fine , but the rubber pieces that hold the pill in place are not even , therefor not lining the pill up correctly under the blade . I try to adjust , but fail . Bummer : -LRB-
 Like some previous reviewers , I bought this in order to quarter some very small pills -LRB- amlodipine for my cat -RRB- . I must have got a defective one . Either the blade or the guides on the bottom are crooked , so it does not accurately halve pills . I tried pushing the right-side guide further in , but it did n't stay . The left `` half '' ends up 4mm wide -LRB- including the fat middle -RRB- and the right , pointy `` half '' about 2.5 mm wide . The risk that you might get a similarly defective unit may not matter as much if your pills are large , but for a tiny pill this is disastrous.The blade cuts cleanly at the top , but at the bottom of the pill , I always find splinters , usually from the smaller half . I am lucky to get three `` quarter '' doses out of one pill . I do this by halving the larger `` half '' , losing some powder and splinters in the process ; and then eyeballing the smaller `` half '' if it 's intact and chipping a corner off with my fingers . If I cut multiple pills at once , I can save all the small splinters and powder and cobble together an approximate quarter-dose . I would n't mind losing a pill here or there to accidental crushing , but the inaccurate halving -LRB- or thirdsing -RRB- , obviously on every single pill , is a deal-breaker . I am shopping for a more reliable cutter from a different manufacturer . I 'm not willing to risk my cat 's health by `` eyeballing '' her doses.On the plus side
 I bought this product to quarter pills . Unfortunately it does n't even do a decent job of halving pills . The blade is not aligned straight on my unit , but instead sits slightly to the left on the front , and also does not have a true 90 degree angle . It can not cut a pill into two precise halves . This makes it impossible quarter pills since the halves are different sizes . This might not matter so much with larger pills , but it makes the product absolutely worthless for cutting small pills .
 This is a cheap item , but you get what you pay for . The pill I split is round , and on this cutter it never comes out in half . Plus , it leaves a lot of crumbs and powder . I can do a better job with my own little pocket knife .
 I 've had this for years and am now shopping for a new one . I saw this one on amazon and felt compelled to rate it
 The blade guard is a a piece of plastic that is supposed to slide to cover the blade when opening to insert a pill but it binds and then it is hard to open and is just plain annoying . I -LRB- try and -RRB- do a months supply for my wife whose hands shake so that if I am out of town she doens ' t need to do it her self . Maybe it gets jammed trying to do too many too fast . I removed the blade guard in order to get the job done , but now the kids ca n't help out . Also , it does n't give the cleanest break and often one piece is noticeably larger than another , which with a small pill does concern me about the actual size of the dose .
 I purchased the ` pill_splitter ' in February and have used it 3 or 4 times to split approximately 40 pills . It worked fine and performed well , while it lasted.The plastic hinge has cracked and it 's no longer usable . Since the item was ` gently ' used , I believe it 's a design flaw . Since there is a ` restocking ' fee for this item and return shipping is not covered , it 's not worth returning .
 This model broke after less than 60 pills . The Apex Deluxe Splitter is MUCH better quality - still going string after more than 100 pills of the same kind that broke Apex Ultra Pill Splitter.Get the Apex Deluxe Pill Splitter : Apex Deluxe Pill Splitter , 1 splitter
 I was looking for a quality pill cutter/splitter and the search will continue . I purchased a Rite Aid Pill Cutter and it was ok ... some pills did crumble sometimes during cutting . So I decided to get the Apex Ultra Pill Splitter and it was worst than the one that I currently own . The new device made more crumble than my old one .
 This product did n't even last 4 months !!!! As with the majority of the 1-star reviews on this site , the plastic blade-cutting mechanism is defective . They only offer a 1-month return policy or a partial refund of the purchase price -LRB- minus shipping & handling -RRB- which actually costs more to send it back than to purchase a new one . I will not purchase again !
 This is the worst . If only I could find a better one , this would go directly into the trash can . Pills slip , get cut into a really small 1/2 and a really big 1/2 . It works correctly only about 40 % of the time .
 This review is for the Apex Ultra Pill Splitter -LRB- rounded end shape , not the square end shape -RRB- . The pills are cut by a metal razorblade which is very shallowly mounted in hard , cheap brittle plastic , which is practically designed to crack and break after a very short period of use , or even the fist time you try to cut something harder than a chewable aspirin . From the description of this item posted by others , I had hoped it was better quality , but it is the same cheap junk sold in the local CVS . I 've had one of these things before and it lasted barely a month before the razor blade mounting broke . At this price point , it is not worth bothering to return , but I 'm not happy - and I honestly do n't understand why anyone gave this thing a good review - I have to wonder if some of the reviews here are for a different product or a different version of this product because I just ca n't imagine how anyone would like this thing . There has to be a good pill cutter out there somewhere that is n't ridiculously expensive and can accurately cut hard pills without breaking for a year or two - I wish I could find it .
 Same as the others who complained it broke . Now wo n't center the pill under the blade . Waste of money . If it would last more than a couple months , this would be great .
 Some people may have this item and it may work well . Mine is a lemon and the resistance from the plastic flap and hinge system moves the pill before it can cut it correctly . If the dang pill would just hold still it would be great .
 When this works it does have a sharp blade that splits pills in half . Even so , the pills I must cut are rather small and I did not manage to get them exactly centered . Worse , was that I had to cut some pills in 4ths and 8ths . This is not really made for anything beyond halves so I wo n't fault the product on this inability - so I was back to the razorblade for the smaller pieces.In any case , the darn thing has a flexible piece of plastic that works as some sort of `` hinge '' and this came loose after about the 10th use and I never was able to put it back and have it work right - this is why I must give it a low star rating as it basically fell apart quickly . So now I am back to using the razor blade for all my pill cutting . I wish there was some sort of device that could do multiple pie cuts on pills or some other answer - these small pieces are driving me nuts .
 Uses a piece of plastic to act as a spring for opening the pill splitter . The spring cracked within 3 months with light usage . Pill splitter is still usable , but one must open the device without the help of a spring . Maybe used the device 40 times during 3 months of ownership .
 Apex Pill Splitter . Splits small pills OK.Then you have a problem getting the two parts.There is a compartment on the bottom that issupposed to catch the split pills - does n't work.Split pills fall everywhere when you try to collectthe split pill parts.APEX . Thanks for not answering phone calls ... Pease provide a video showing this device workingand not randomly dumping split pills and Iwill be both amazed and give more stars .
 This is a great pill cutter . It 's got a razorblade safety sheath that closes upon opening to get your pill -LRB- not childproof , just ` cut your finger while inserting/removing your pill ' proof -RRB- , a rubber grip on the top part where you close it so it does n't slip out of your hand flinging everything on the floor , two flexible arms to semi-help hold your pill before cutting and a little reservoir for tapping the pill residue so it does n't fall on the table or floor . My only two annoyances are that it could be a bit smaller , but the minus star is mainly for the rubber part that you place your pill on . This part makes the second piece of the rubber grip with the little gripping arms I mentioned earlier . The minor annoyance comes from having to brush the powder away from the rubber grip after each use . What they should have done was slant the entire holding piece downward so the pill does n't fall out when cutting and kept the flexible rubber arms in order to stable the pill ; then they could have eliminated the rubber base that takes a few extra seconds to clean . Still the best pill cutter I 've seen on the market though ; just short of perfect , that 's all . Highly recommended ! Happy pill cutting .07 / 11/11 Update : After about less than 75 pill splits , the plastic guard broke . So , there 's a reason why it 's only 3 bucks . That being said , I 'd gladly forgo the cheap price and pay 2-3 bucks for a a thin flexible vinyl or other material that would 've lasted much longer . I know that this problem was repeatedly shown during product testing and that 's part of the reason I reduced the rating . If you ca n't integrate a feature into a product properly , then you do n't add it at all . Product design 101 . Oddly enough , it 's well worth 3 bucks even without the guard , so why risk ticking so many people off ? So , now -LRB- if you 're reading this post-purchase -RRB- if you 've gotten to this point , you can take a butter knife and just flick the plastic off of the tabs that whole them in place . You can pull the plastic off from the bottom and steer clear of having to mess around with the razor portion of the cutter . Now , you 've turned a somewhat dangerous product around children into a digit reducing device , depending on how curious little jimmy is .
 my old pill splitter lasted years but finally the blade was not so sharp so i ordered this one . big mistake , the plastic cover that comes over the blade -LRB- so you do n't cut youself ? who would ? -RRB- broke after about 2 weeks of use , i had to pull it out and it still does n't work well , i have to really slam the lid in order for the pill to split into to neat halfs , and the rubber bottom prevents me from putting the pill in easily . i really hate this pill splitter . i am going to look for a new one , and throw this one away . it is a piece of junk .
 Not the best of plastic , but it does work . I would not purchase this pill splitter again . For the price it should be a bit sturdier in my opinion .
 I bought this pill splitter in November 2012 and have only used it to cut a pill every other day . In early February 2013 , it quit working because the sliding plastic that covers the blade has jammed the pivot , preventing opening and closing the unit properly . While it worked , it splitted my oblong pills perfectly . Obviously , this device has malfunctioned after very little service .
 For the first month , the clear plastic blade guard will properly slide off of the blade when you close the top to cut the pill.After the first month or so , it will either break off -LRB- if you 're lucky -RRB- , or jam and you 'll cut your fingers trying to pull it out of its wedged tracks.Once you loose the guard , the split pill peices fly out the front of the cutter if you do n't hold the cutter straight up instead of putting on a flat surface.My family has been through 5 of these -- all had the blade guard fail . The plastic guard is the worst design.I do n't know why in the world Kaiser Permanente moved to this model . It seems to be almost twice the price of the previous model they carried . -LRB- similar to http://www.amazon.com/Apex-Pill-Splitter-colors-vary/dp/B000EGKTG0/ref=sr_1_sc_2?ie=UTF8&qid;=1360167227&sr;=8-2-spell&keywords;=apex+plill+cutter -RRB- We get them free as part of our perscription plan , but the waste of needing to replace it often likely drives up health care costs .
 Not recommended ! Small pills bounce around on the rubber , the razor is n't sharp enough to cut coated pills and the various pieces inside the unit broke off bit by bit over two months time . I wound up going back to the pill cutter I 'd used for the past couple of years ... it seems awesome in comparison and the darn razor is still sharp !
 I use it to cut my pills because I was using a kitchen knife and wanted something a little more precise . However after using this product , which you would think would be dead on , I have determined it is no better than a sharp kitchen knife.Save yourself the hassle .
 It is an outrage to charge $ 7.50 fo this product . This is a cheap and poorly made plastic gadget that should be given away for free by pharmacies.Shame on you Amazon !
 This product broke the 4th tme I used it . I wo n't buy another . The previous splitter , a different product lasted about a year . It is just as easy to use a knife.Apex Ultra Pill Splitter
 I am on my second one in less than a year , and it is already broken . The blade protector , which is a sheet of plastic is the first thing to break.To continue to use it , You then have to remove the protector which exposes the blade.I would not buy again .
 I have purchased two over the past 8 months , and both have broken in the same fashion . Why Apex decided to use brittle plastic instead of something flexible is beyond me .
 I bought this splitter less than five months ago . Right from the start , I knew that I had made a bad choice . Instead of cleanly and neatly splitting the pill on the perforated line , it pulverized the pills into dust . After three uses , the hinge became difficult to open/close . After five uses , the hinge completely broke and this splitter is in the garbage . It does not even deserve one star .
 I used this pill cutter to cut one pill a day . It broke in less than a month . I loved while it lasted , which was not long .
 Works as advertised but the safety mechanism started to malfunction after just a few uses and broke off altogether after a few months despite infrequent use . The unit is actually more functional without the blade guard since the friction and vibrations it caused when cutting a pill made accurate cuts difficult .
 I needed a pill splitter for some small pills for my cat -LRB- being a small animal , he needs a small and precise dose -RRB- . I tried 2 of the Apex brand , including this one . Both of them mangled the pills . No matter how carefully I lined up the pills , or how fast or slow I pushed down the blade , it would not cut evenly . Usually , it would start in the center , then angle off to the side . Sometimes it would just pulverize half of the pill . Of the two that I tried , this one was a little worse because the safety guard makes it very difficult to clean the blade , so I would never want to use it for different types of pills that I do n't want to mix .
 I have had 2 of these pill splitters and do not like it ... a plastic piece on the inside of this contraption keeps coming out and is hard to replace and wo n't stay in place when you do replace it . It wo n't cut the pills that I have tried to split very well ... only have one usuable half and one pulverized half after trying to split them . I wo n't buy another one and am currently trying to find another one that works better .
 After just 10 uses of this pill splitter the spring sprung and pinched me . Now I can only use it safely using a pen to push the pills under the blade . The splitter will not close upon completion . I am looking for another before I hurt myself again . My husband says he wondered why I bought it .
 I 'm a careful person and I 've used this to split one pill every 2 or 3 days . Under those circumstances , it did n't make it 6 months . There is a thin but firm plastic film that gives resistance so that the pill splitter stays open . Something went wrong with this part ; it cracked , and then it was difficult to open or close the splitter . In fact , I could n't even get it open once I closed it , unless I really manipulated that plastic film . I ended up just tearing the plastic film piece out so that I can continue using the splitter , but now it obviously does n't stay open by itself .
 This worked like a charm , cutting pills precisely and easily , until one day it broke on me . There is a cheap plastic piece near the hinge that gave out -LRB- I probably chopped under 20 pills in the six months I used it -RRB- . For that reason , I wo n't take a chance on this product again . Too bad , because the price was good and it worked well for a while .
 This is the first pill cutter I 've ever bought and it is just a POS . It works fine for maybe a month or two at most , then the curved plastic blade guard at the bottom starts to crack and eventually breaks , creating a risk of cutting yourself by accident . The first time it cracked I took it back to the drugstore and they let me exchange it for another one . That was 2 months ago . And now it 's breaking again . I am extremely careful with how I use products so I know it has nothing to do with my using it the wrong way . Stay away from this brand and style of pill cutter .
 I was only able to use it a few times , it gets broken after I cut a few pills . I do not recomeded .
 I love this pill splitter and its reservoir but the slider which protects the blade from injurying a user has broken after minimal use . I 'm ordering another , hoping that the previous one was just a fluke .
 I used this to cut some pills in half for my child . She then wanted me to cut them into smaller pieces to make it easier to swallow , this is where the issue arrose . Since the unit has the blade guard acting as a spring mechanism for the lid , everytime you go to close the lid , the pill moves . This makes it very difficult to make accurate cuts . I ended up removing the blade guard , but still have an issues positioning the pill correctly . If you just have to do halves , its great , anything less its rather difficult .
 This thing snaps open in such a way that it can throw pill fragments across the room . I 've learned how to hold it so this does n't happen , but did this manufacturer even give it a test run ?
 This lube is mildly flavored and does not last at all . Compared to Durex Play -LRB- Cherry or Pina Colada -RRB- this product is not worth spending the money to purchase . Purchased this product about a month ago and have not used it since . It just sits in the drawer .
 This is not meant to fit on a man , granted I 'm a big guy but it wo n't even fit over my head . Go ahead and buy it if you 're tiny
 These drops were recommended for sleep by a friend . They work well for her but not for me .
 Here 's a product I simply just threw out . I wanted to like it . It was so sticky and ` self-adherent ' that while trying to unwrap or store it , it just became a jumbled mess . It was unusable and I had to pitch it . Good concept but I 'll stick with the good old fabric ones with metal clips that have not let me down . Sorry ...
 I use drops at night and again in the morning . I use a small amount from the same ` single dose ' applicator . TheraTears is the ONLY such applicator I 've found whose twist-off does not make a cap to the applicator . This makes the applicator less sterile and safe for me for the morning dose . It also means I have to leave it under the lamp instead of putting it back in the container , which keeps it in the dark.I realize that TheraTears is trying to force me to use another applicator in the morning to move more money from my pocket into theirs , but I ca n't afford that , so what they HAVE done is make it less convenient and safe for me . As a result , they wo n't be moving ANY money from my pocket into theirs because I will be buying a different brand .
 After adding my drops , I had to force myself to yawn to actually undo the drying from the drop application .
 I use to really like this lube , but then I found out other ones existed . Although it 's certainly better than no lube or household ones , this is actually one of the worst lubricants I 've used . The only personal lubricant I 've tried that I think is worse is `` Yes '' . It 's very sticky and does n't last as long as other lubes . It has a sickeningly sweet taste . The smell is not very strong and it does feel pretty good , until it gets very , very sticky . I 'd take Astroglide any day over Wet.Wet Platinum , however , is a decent silicon lubricant .
 I love the taste of protein shakes but this stuff is really bad , so bad i did n't even finish eating it .
 It came with a short chain , which barely went the length of my wrist . Not much to it . I was hoping for something a little more `` classy '' .
 The bracelet is attractive , but , the Clasp does n't stay closed which is annoying to my mother . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B0000532P6 Apothecary Diabetic ID Bracelet -RSB-
 as a diabetic i was looking for an id braclet because i lost my old one . i was very disapointed when i got it and im unable to use it because it dosent say what my medical condition is . i cant afford to have it engraved .
 Ca n't still find the original in the market . It does n't have colored print but black and white print on its body . That 's the one that works .
 Seriously , I should of not been cheap and waste my money . I saw the 25 dollar solution like princereigns but didnt have the cash to put out . Hey you get what you pay for right .
 I had tiny little bumps not many at all on each side of the back of my head . . I get them every now and then from edging my hair . I put this product on both sides on the bumps . It caused both sides where i edged a week ago to swell and rash up in 24 hrs . I had large patches of rashes were i had used this product . My skin is not that sensitive , so whatever is in this is not safe `` for me anyhow '' . I tried this product 3 times about 60 days apart just to see because i did n't believe it was causing the rash . After the third time `` now '' i cant even go outside ... its embarrassing ! Looks like i got bit by something that did n't cause puss bumps but inflamed skin.I 'm a black guy/31/no history of sensitive skin . To get rid of rashes i been using hot towels to ease the itching and swelling as well as steroid cream `` Triamcinolone '' . Also taking Benadryl .
 I had high hopes that bump stopper 2 would work after reading the many positive reviews , however , after 2 weeks of consistent use -LRB- morning , night and after shaving -RRB- I still had razor bumps . The appearance of the bumps may have lessened somewhat but not nearly enough.That being said , I would still recommend others to at least try it . It has potentially beneficial ingredients not commonly found in other products and everyone 's skin will respond differently .
 I 've been experiencing razor bumps and ingrown hairs for a while . I just got over acne -LRB- I 'm 25 -RRB- , but now it looks like it never went away . However , razor bumps and ingrown hairs hurt . And they 're just as embarrassing as acne . I tried Tend Skin and MiN New York Solution 2 . Both did similar things - exposed the trapped hairs , but did n't really treat the problem . So , I picked up Bump Stopper-2 Razor Bump Treatment , Double Strength Formula after reading good reviews here . Big mistake . While it was cheap , it did something terrible . It gave my face a serious rash that hurts and is even more embarrassing to look at than the razor bumps and ingrown hairs . I regret buying this stuff . Perhaps I should have gotten the Sensitive Formula , which has the same ingredients as the Double Strength , but with one extra one -LRB- Resorcin -RRB- . What sucks is that it seemed to be working before it gave me a red , bumpy and painful rash . Be cautious and test this on your skin before you put it on your face . Although truth be told , everyone 's face skin is probably different than their other skin -LRB- legs , arms , etc. -RRB- so even testing the product might not be helpful . Edit
 So got the product tested on hand for about a week . Said ok.Then placed it on neck are where the razor bumps were.After 2 days razor bumps are going away , but I HAVE A HUGE FREAKING RASH ON MY NECK.So testing may not be enough because different parts of the skin may react differently.If anyone has any solutions please tell me .
 I was given this by my chriopractor to try - and after dissolving the sachet and drinking 1/4 of a glass , in five minutes I threw it all up . I have no allergies , am not sick , and do n't throw up unless I have the stomach flu . Be careful ! I do n't recommend this . I will stick w/my whole foods vitamins .
 this stuff tastes really nasty . i felt a little bit of energy after drinking . . then the stuff gave me unbelievable gas . not worth it at all , and be careful if you have high blood pressure !
 ABC WHOLESALE will send you items in poor condition and if you want a refund they will respond to your emails snobbishly before blowing you off , dont trust them !!!
 I know I drop the ball sometimes - but I did BIG TIME with this one - Apparently you need to buy a monitor for over $ 150 to put these sticks into in order to read the results . Now , because Amazon did not post a notice that this product is to be used with another additional machine , I have 30 useless sticks ...
 Some of the strips di n't work this box very unrealible . I think these may have been kept at wronge temp , because exp date was still good . This messed up the whole month .
 Clearblue Easy Fertility Monitor Test Sticks , 30-Count Box was ordered from DAB Nutrition . The package arrived with safety seal broken . Packed properly for safe shipment , so it was not damaged in transit . Expiration date on the package was 2009-11 . Packing slip was stamped `` doubled checked . '' What horrible quality control . I notified the seller and no response . Amazon responded promptly and issued credit to my account .
 We received this PERSONAL merchandise in a transparent shrink-wrapped TOTALLY visible casing ... huge mistake -LRB- lose of privacy -RRB- according to my wife . The Lot # and exp date where carefully removed using a sharp blade ... similar to an Exacto knife . The exp date was not known except for what appeared on the box ... the number `` 11 '' . This led us to believing that the date of expiration was 2011 . We were wrong . The manufacturer placed an indelible stamp of expiration on each stick inside ... that being `` 2008-11 '' . SO , we were nearly tricked . It remains apparent that the third party seller under the guise of Amazon intended to deceive us . If not for the manufacturer stamp of expiration on the stick itself we would have been fooled . As such we would like a full refund of the amount paid including the shipping . Furthermore , we would request that Amazon conduct a full investigation .
 I bought the monitor and test strips about 5 months ago for a great price through Amazon.The monitor does n't always tell you the `` high fertility '' days if you have an irregular cycle , which does n't make sense to me . IMO , if the reading is based on hormone levels , you would have the same hormones either earlier or later in your cycle , based on when you 're going to ovulate that month . I 'm not sure if the machine just `` guesses '' the high fertility days based on your LH surge or what . Some months I ovulate late , around day 19 or 20 and the machine was asking me to test after my LH surge , making me waste a lot of test strips . I called up the company 's toll-free number and told them my issue as I though the machine was broken . The lady told me that the strips work in batches of ten , so if you ovulate late one month and use all 10 strips , it will prompt you for another 10 regardless if ovulation happened or not during the second 10 . She told me that once it detects the LH surge , to stop testing for the month . You do not need to continue testing after it detects the LH surge , so do n't waste your strips.I do wonder about the LH surge detection , since conventional ovulation strips say to test in the afternoon or evening because the LH hormone ca n't be detected very well in the morning . This month , I went straight to LH surge and could have sworn that I ovulated about 12 hours later -LRB- it should happen 24-36 hours after detection -RRB- I wonder if I did a conventional ovulation test the night before if it would have shown positive.In summary , I do n't think that this machine is all it is cracked up to be , as I think it works more on history stored in the machine vs. what is really going on in your body .
 I purchased the test strip by mistake . It is MONITOR test strips , and the monitor costs about $ 120 !!
 I used this sticks for my Clearblue Easy DIGITAL Ovulation Test instrument , unfortunately the sticks does n't work properly with this instrument . The smiling face does not appear , although the test stick has two blue lines on it .
 I bought this from someone NIB some time ago and have been using it for two cycles , and I 'm not yet impressed.I 've heard it `` takes a few months/cycles '' to `` learn '' your cycle , and some of the reviews I 've seen on here are making me very concerned that I wasted my money on this.IMO it should not have to `` learn '' my cycles . It should be reading if my LH and estrogen are increasing or not , no matter where in my cycle I am . I do n't like that it automatically gives you two Peaks in a row . I do n't like the fact that it may read my levels incorrectly and cause me to be `` off '' on when my O date is . I might as well use OPKs and hope my husband and I have sex at the appropriate time to conceive.I like the six hour window -LRB- three hours before and three hours after I hit the button -RRB- . I like its ease of use.However I feel that this will only cause more stress on someone who is TTC and has health issues regarding it -LRB- PCOS -RRB- . I will give it ONE MORE cycle . After that , its going up for sale to someone who wants to give it a shot .
 This is completely opposite to what claimed by manufacturor . We were relying on the guidance provided by this monitor -LRB- As it is cliamed to be 100 % accurate -RRB- , but , after using for 8 months , once by conincidence we found out that
 This is the first online review I have ever written which might give you an idea of just how incredibly irritated I am . I have been tracking my fertility and ordered replacement test sticks online -LRB- not available over the counter in my area -RRB- on April 27 with a delivery date BY MAY 4 -LRB- that was the last day of the arrival range stated -RRB- . It is now May 8 and my package still has not arrived . Clearly this is a huge issue when it comes to tracking daily fertility as I have lost all data for this entire cycle which will also impact future readings . Had the shipping information been anywhere near accurate I would have expedited the shipping . I highly recommend you order from a reliable vendor like Target , Walmart , or Walgreens .
 I seem to have gotten a bad box of test sticks . The monitor does not recognize them at all , i had to go out and buy a new box . The new ones work fine so I know it 's not the monitor , must have gotten a bad box .
 I am frustrated , because there were 3 sticks were missing from the box and some did n't work ! Other than that the product is fine . But for how expensive they are , I am upset .
 I love the clearblue monitor . It has been consistently reliable for me and I used it successfully to conceive my son . Once I bought these test sticks off Amazon , however , the monitor is n't working properly anymore . I 'm backing up my ovulation tracking with OPKs I bought at the drug store and despite the fact that they are showing an LH surge , the monitor is n't . This has never happened to me before . The ovulation tests from the drug store always coincide with the monitor . My cycle is so reliable and the monitor has been so reliable in the past that I suspect something is wrong with these sticks I bought off Amazon . I will not be using them next month . I will be buying a new box from another vendor .
 I would write this review with negative stars if possible . My product is an expired box of testing sticks . It took me testing into a second month , missing my opportunity to inseminate , bofore realizing why I was not showing a positive ovulation . This was more than a big waste of money to me ... It is a loss of opportunity and more stress during a time I 'm to eliminate stress . I 'm truly disgusted with such a practice of this company .
 I have used this product for a few months . The first several boxes of testing sticks worked fine . The last box I purchased did not . There is an area on the stick that is supposed to show blue , after urinating . About 20 of the 30 sticks did not do so in this box . Now the accuracy of my monitor is incorrect , because it is not reading several of the sticks . I feel like that particular box was a waste of money , and has hindered the rest of my monitoring . I have no problem with this product , just this particular box of testing sticks !
 I was not satisfied with the product because it took Amazon almost 2 weeks to deliver this product to me . I emailed Amazon 's customer service department to complain about the delivery time but never got a reply . I would not order again from Amazon based on this experience .
 I realized half way through my box of sticks that they were bad . I was suspicious upon reciept of this box because the wrapper was a differnt color then the other boxes i 'd recieved and also the exp date on the stick wrapper was different from the exp date on the box . Upon use I noticed that they were streaking blue and very cloudy looking not at all like the others i 've used . I will never buy these from Amazon again . I would urge you to spend the few extra dollars and buy from clearblue webiste . Luckily I had bought some drugstore brand and caught my surge that way ... . Baby dust to all !
 I thought it was the kind show directly in the stick . It did n't say anything in the product description online that `` this is to use with the monitor sold separately '' , then I would consider buying the whole package with monitor.I only found out when I already open the box.Now I have to order the monitor . Waste my time and money .
 I reviewed this product about four months ago , pleased at that point with the product . I was not one of those lucky people who got pregnant on the first try , but that is of no fault of the monitor . I used this product for two months with normal low , high and peak readings and was very happy . These readings were accurate based on other fertility signs -LRB- BBT , CM , etc. -RRB- . The third month , I used Clomid and received only low and high readings , though fertility signs clearly indicated ovulation had taken place . The manual does indicate that this is possible on Clomid . The next month , I did not use Clomid and received only `` low '' readings . About 26 dyas into that cycle , the monitor would not turn on . I returned the monitor to Inverness Medical -LRB- the makers of the monitor -RRB- and they supposedly replaced the unit and said that my unit had water damage . I never got the unit wet , placed a `` soaked '' stick into the monitor , etc. so I am not sure how this happened . The representative said not to leave the monitor in the bathroom where humidity can build - strange given that I would imagine that most people keep their in the bathroom due to the nature of the product . This is my first month using the monitor since I received it back and again only received low and high readings , although ovulation clearly took place . My warning to those buying this product - do not solely rely on the monitor if you are having trouble concieving and do not leave the monitor in the bathroom . I would strongly suggest charting using a program offered by a site like fertilityfriend.com and looking at ALL of your fertility signs .
 Great sensation - in fact , close enough to the real thing that I did n't notice when it came off both times I used it . Pretty dangerous . I am larger than average size and the condoms fit snugly but the base is too loose so they slip off when we change positions or get into a good rhythm . If you want a condom that will actually protect you , do n't buy this one .
 I bought this with high hopes after all of the good reviews . What a disappointment.I used it for three cycles and never got a peak fertility read . I have long , irregular cylces but this device , which is supposed to have a memory , never adapted to my cycle . It repeatedly started asking for tests on day 6 - when my period was n't even over.On the third try I decided to buy a back up cheaper set of tests on Amazon - $ 13 for 40 fertility strips plus 10 HPK . Well , one day after I got a low fertility read on this test and I was no longer being asked to test for this cycle , I started using the cheapies , the first strip was negative - but the second was positive , as was the one after that ! What a relief after three cycles of testing with no positives . I was starting to think something was wrong with me.My advice - do n't waste your money on this monitor . It sucks and caused me to lose 3 months of trying , which at age 34 I do n't have to lose . Buy the Formosa medical strips . They are accurate and way cheaper so you can use several a day without the guilt . Also , fertilityfriend.com and peeonastick.com have been very helpful .
 I was backng up my use of the CBEFM with OPKs because I 'm a bit of a control freak and wanted to make sure it was on the same page with my body before I relied on it . Well , I chucked it after 4 months since two of the months it gave me premature `` PEAK '' readings . Had I relied solely on the monitor , I would 've completely missed my fertile window . I think it 's great for women who do n't know a lot about their cycles or the whole TTC process but for experts like me -LRB- charting for over 4 years w / OPKs , CM , CP , etc. . . -RRB- it 's just confusing . Also , once it gives you your first `` Peak '' , it will revert to autopilot and ALWAYS show another `` Peak '' , then a `` High '' , then all `` Low `` s until you press the m button again . So , if it shows you Peaking on CD13 and you do n't actually have a good surge until CD 17 , it will already be reading `` Low '' again and you will miss it . Great for newbies -LRB- better than nothing -RRB- but not so much for us vets .
 The product is easy to use , small enough to be brought along on trips , uses batteries that are readily available at any store -LRB- 4 AAA batteries -RRB- , and the instructions are detailed . A friend was able to conceive after just 3 months with the use of this monitor ... so we were very excited to purchase it . She and her husband spent an entire year working with a fertility specialist , to no avail . After terminating her treatments with the doctor 's fertility clinic , she became pregant and walked into his office with the monitor and said , `` You predicted my ovulation time wrong . This thing got it right . '' The doctor 's response ? `` Huh , maybe we should get some of those for the clinic . '' On our end , we 're in perfect health , have had fertility work-ups to beat the band and tried pretty much every fertility avenue with a slew of doctors who identified our issue as `` unexplained infertility '' -LRB- which is a euphemism for `` we do n't have a clue '' -RRB- ... and then we bought this monitor . We have used it for 3 years , religiously , and we 're still hopeful that it might work for us ... someday . However , I am thinking that we may need to replace this one since I suspected that it was beginning to read incorrectly after so many years of use , so I inserted a blank test stick -LRB- fresh out of the wrapper -RRB- and the monitor read it as `` high '' , which was erroneous since it should have been `` low . '' I hope this review is helpful to you ... and wish you a speedy and joy-filled conception !
 I really wanted to be an advocate for the Clearblue Easy Fertility Monitor . After reading all of the reviews on here , like many mom-to-be hopefuls , I was ecstatic to purchase something that can possibly take all of the guess work out of figuring out my ovulation dates , thus increasing my chances of getting pregnant right away . My hopes had slowly diminished after 4 months of faithfully using the monitor and running into a load of trouble . The first issue I had was with the `` peak '' reading . Considering that I followed the instructions to the letter , out of the 4 months I used this , I never once received a peak reading . At first I thought it might have been because I was off by a day , or that my urine was n't concentrated enough . Nonetheless , the highest I ever got on the monitor was a `` high '' reading with never seeing that blessed egg . To this day , I still ca n't figure out why I could n't get the `` peak . '' My second issue with it is that its very difficult to catch your first morning urine . I know I 'm not the only woman who sometimes has to pee in the middle of the night . Ruling out that I do n't have an overactive bladder , I ca n't just stumble in the bathroom and take a quick pee . Some nights when I had to do the test , I would have to be fully awake , make sure I had the right position , make sure to have the stick positioned for EXACTLY 7 seconds , and make sure that the monitor was nearby . Furthermore , you had to pee during the window of 6 hours , which I know sounds like a pretty wide window . However , if you have to pee about 2 hours before your window opens , are you supposed to hold it in your sleep , or pee right there and then get a diluted pee later on in the morning -LRB- with you window open -RRB- ? I know I 'm not the only who had experienced this ! My third issue was with their customer service . After the 3rd month , I had been so frustrated about not getting my peak that I wanted to know if I was doing something wrong . As most couples know , when you 're trying to get pregnant , it ca n't happen fast enough ! I called Customer Service to see what they had to say , and I spoke to someone who was completely clueless on how to use the monitor itself !! She kept asking me questions that were unrelated to my problems , and I finally realized that she was reading off of some script that prompted her to ask more questions based on my yes or no answers . I totally felt like I was talking to a computer ! To make matters worse , she told me that she was opening up a `` case '' -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- and that she would be sending something in the mail to calculate my monitor 's data so that I can send that back for them to investigate . I certainly received her materials in the mail within a week , and I again , I followed her directions to the letter , then mailed back my data with a note indicating for someone , anyone , to call me back and let me know their results . Needless to say , I did not receive a call back . After the 4th month of this machine completely disappointing me , I started to wonder if it was me health-wise and if I should see my doc about why I ca n't pinpoint my ovulation . I decided to not see my doc but to quit using the monitor , and by the 6th month -LRB- 2 months after tossing the junk -RRB- , look at that , I 'm pregnant . I 'm now 7 weeks pregnant and I 'm definitely relieved that I know , now , that I 'm fertile . I 'm only bummed that I paid all that money for something that is completely a waste of time . I would not recommend this product .
 I wish I could give it `` 0 '' stars . The reason you should not buy it is because it tells YOU when to test and does not give you an option if you feel you need to test on a different set of days . In other words , unless your cycle is very regular month to month , you are restricted when you test for ovulation based on when the monitor thinks you should test . I have missed several ovluations indicators because on the dates I should have been testing , the monitor did not allow me to test .
 I used the Clearblue Easy monitor for a few months . It showed that I was ovulating but we had no luck . So I decided to see a reproductive specialist who discovered that I can not ovulate naturally.So I 'm not sure what this monitor was measuring , if anything , or if it was just counting days -LRB- which I can do myself -RRB- but it completely misrepresented high and peak fertility .
 I have ordered this product and when I received my order there were no test sticks . Returned that monitor and requested a replacement , and still no test sticks . Obviously the monitor does not come with them!Wish I had better news that I was able to give if I could use the monitor !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Yes ! This is an amazing product , however my complaint is about the store and not the product . I had ordered this for my next cycle and was told that I would have it in time . This item ended up not being in my hands for two entire weeks , which means I missed my cycle altogther.When you call for information they are not very helpful . This ended up being my first cycle using it . and I did conceive , however I did miss that cycle and the lack of assistance and answers was very stressful .
 I bought the sticks , and I found out that I have to bought the monitor which is more than 100 $ to use the stick . Then I found out that I have to wait for my period cycle . But my cycle is very irregular -LRB- that why I need these test -RRB- , and I have n't seen my period for 2 months , so I have to keep waiting in order to used this products . I ca n't wait any longer , I just came to CVS and bought a one step pregnancy test . This product is such a waste of time and money , and bring you more stress !
 I got this monitor three years ago after trying for 5 months to conceive . I used the monitor as directed and it was showing high and peek days but I never got pregnant . I used the monitor for 8 months and at the end the monitor cause me to have depression cause all my life was based on that monitor . My husband and I converted into a machine and we did what we did when the monitor said its time to do it . It drove me crazy to a point that I told myself this is it and I took the monitor straight it to the garbage.So for some it may work right away but every case it 's different and every woman is different . Even though I gave it only 2 stars it does n't mean it wo n't work for you . I think everyone should try the cheaper urine test first for few months and see what happens . If that does n't work and you want to try it go for it . At the end I did get pregnant with my twin boys but it was via IVF no with the help of the monitor.P.S . Lot of reviews said the monitor did not work . There is a chance that the monitor you got was previously opened and used by someone else -LRB- that happens with online shopping all the time -RRB- however even then there is a way of cleaning up the entire information in the monitor by using old -LRB- used stick -RRB- and start fresh . That solves lots of issues with the monitor . It 's like resetting the entire thing and starting fresh .
 The test sticks are not included with this product . If you email customer support they will not send you the test sticks seperately , they will just send you several generic emails basically saying ... if you do n't like it send it back . So if you can find another deal -LRB- which I did see better -RRB- out on the web for a monitor alone for less you should consider it . The monitor has had great results for friends and family . I look forward to seeing the results . Unfortunately I went out and purchased sticks and began using it before I found out Amazon would not send me the test sticks that were missing .
 I used this monitor for 1 1/2 years and nothing ! it was great to track my ovulation but wasted alot of my money and sanity . 1 / 1/2 years later 2009 :-RRB- Surprise Your pregnant Baby Girl born 2010 !!! then 1 1/2 years later i used the ovulation tracker app . on my phone and boom 2 weeks later found out i was pregnant with again with another little girl :-RRB- Dont stress !!
 I have been using this monitor since January 2011 . I have not relied solely on it I am also doing BBT . The first month , since the monitor has to `` get used to your cycle '' I used in in conjunction with BBT AND ovulation sticks . The first 3 months , the monitor worked very well -- its readings were clear , accurate , and matched up with my BBT . After 5 months of using the monitor and 12 months of TTC total I started to get worried so I saw a reproductive endocrinologist -- I am only 33 years old.For the past 2 months , the monitor has told me my fertility was still high just a few days before my expected period -- and one month it told me I had not ovulated at all nor did I have any `` high '' fertility days . Yet , that same month my RE did an ultrasound and said that yes , I indeed ovulated !! I missed out on prime fertility time !! I am so disappointed . I had been scheduling around this monitor and to know it is this inaccurate makes me angry . And it is not cheap either -- neither are the sticks . So sadly , I am done with this . I thought I was some kind of freak since it was not working for me . Even my RE said to `` Throw it out , it 's only stressing you out anyway '' . What a waste!I give it one star and I 'll give it an extra one since it did seem to work for the first 3 months . But if you do n't get pregnant within 3 months of using this , do n't worry , do n't stress and try something else .
 I used this monitor for one month and it never gave me a high fertility day or a peak day . I therefore thought I was not even ovulating . However , it turns out that I did ovulate because I got pregnant that month . I did not suspect it due to the fact that the monitor never showed me as ovulating . However , I 've had an ultrasound and hear a heartbeat so I 'm definitely pregnant even though the monitor never said I ovulated . The only reason I give it 2 stars instead of 1 is that I 've heard that it can take time for the monitor to get to know your body . So maybe if I had needed it the next month , it would have been more accurate .
 I purchased this product after reading the numerous positive reviews . I have to say that I am very disappointed , however , because the product does not function properly . It appears to calculate the number of days in my cycle properly but has displayed an error message every time I am supposed to perform a test . The machine keeps saying that the testing slot is not ready . I have addressed the issue with the manufacturer , and they are not sure what the problem is . Because this is not returnable to Amazon -LRB- even though I have never performed a test of any kind with it -RRB- , I am stuck shipping the monitor off to the manufacturer and hoping it can be repaired . Because Amazon will not accept these returns and the price is so high , I would recommend purchasing somewhere where you have a seller to work with if there is a problem . Hopefully , mine can be fixed or replaced , but I have not had any luck yet .
 My husband and I had been trying to concieve for 6 months before buying this monitor . I had been tracking my cycle and cervical mucus religiously for a year , and had a pretty good idea of when I was ovulating . I bought this monitor to help me confirm when I was ovulating . Well , the first month we used the monitor , I had 13 high fertility days and no peak fertility days . I started freaking out thinking that I was not ovulating at all . We went to see my doctor . I had hormone testing done and it turned out that I was ovulating just fine , and my hormones were exactly where they were supposed to be . My doctor explained that there was nothing wrong with me , the monitor was just failing to detect my LH surge -LRB- which was in deed happening -RRB- . The second month , same thing . I used the monitor , I had 12 days of high fertility and no peak fertility days . I was more than frustrated with this expensive little gadget . As chance would have it , we ended up getting pregnant the second month of using this monitor , with absolutely no help from this monitor . I am glad that this monitor has worked for so many other women , but it did not work at all for us and it turned out to be a huge waste of money . Not only for the monitor , but also for the test sticks - it says you need 10 test sticks each month - that is a lie - the monitor told me to use 20 sticks each month . Not only were the sticks ridiculously expensive , it was difficult to find stores that carried them in stock . My advice ; save your money , this monitor does not work for everyone .
 I had been using 2 of these same exact monitors for over a year . Why 2 ? Well I wanted to see if it really worked ... I would use both at the same exact time and followed the directions to a `` T '' and would get different results on both machines . So after getting different results numerous times I did an experiment ... When it would say I was on the second high day or first ovulation day the next morning I would wet the stick with water instead of urine and according to the machine it would say I was ovulating . It automatically will say you are ovulating 2 days in a row whether you are or not ! You hear all these stories about how it worked for the person on the first try well maybe it did but I am not convinced . Most people I have heard of who bought this had already been trying for a while before then so I think it is more a matter of that was just by coincidence the lucky month . But who knows . I just do not `` buy it '' .
 After 3 months of using the monitor and not getting 3 bars I saw my doctor , got an ultrasound and did some blood tests because I thought I was not ovulating . All tests came back that I was fine . The fourth month I used the monitor but I also used First Response test sticks . Again , the Clearblue fertility monitor did not read an LH surge but the First Response test sticks did . -LRB- See my photos at the top of the product page . -RRB- After 4 months thinking I was not ovulating I found out that very simply , my monitor did not work . Please be aware it is possible to get a monitor that does not work . If you do n't get 3 bars the first month do n't assume that it is you . Get a different test and use both the next month to see if one works before you see a doctor.The following month I bought another clearblue fertility monitor and also used First Response test sticks . Both showed an LH surge on the same day , and the following month -LRB- July , 2011 -RRB- I got pregnant . Unfortunately I had a miscarriage at 7 weeks in September 2011 . I am trying again this month -LRB- October , 2011 -RRB- . I continue to use First Response test sticks in addition as `` back up '' , but the monitor is best because it shows the rise of estrogen . When you see the second bar , start having sex every day until 2-3 days after the LH surge for your best chances.AMENDMENT
 I bought this on the advice of my ObGyn who said it would save me money b/c I had been buying OPK 's with a long cycle for about 4 months . It was easy to get excited about . The first month , it was off by 5 days . I thought it just needed to adjust . The second month , it said I ovulated on Day 9 ... pretty much impossible being that I have cycles that vary between 32-42 days on average . I had to `` back up '' the monitor with OPK 's -LRB- I used two different brands -RRB- , which ended up costing me more money but incrased accuracy . Turns out I seemed to have ovulated on Day 22 , which makes more sense . When I called customer service for the monitor , the woman explained that it needs at least two months to adjust . Most women who buy this are n't so interested in having two months worth of adjusting , especially for $ 200 . I am not at the point where I am overly concerned about getting pregnant , so that helps . It 's just a shame that the monitor was so inaccurate and now I 'm not sure I want to buy a new pack of test sticks for the next time around . I seemed to do better with the OPK 's .
 I 've been using this particular monitor with the OV watch , because typical drugstore OPks never worked for me . I guess my pee is either always too diluted or my LH surge isnt strong enough to show up on an OPK . well I had the same trouble when using this monitor , it did not show me when I ovulated . the OV watch on the otherhand has been amazing , and has accuratly determined ovulation and the five days prior . My suggestion is that if OPKs dont work for you to use the OV watch instead .
 I had recently ordered this product and had it rushed to me due to the time sensitive nature of using it correctly . I must say that this is indeed the best price at $ 135 since most drug stores charge around $ 180 ! However , unless I missed something glaring , I was disappointed to find that after my expedited 2-day shipping the product arrived without sticks ! I believe that this should be very clearly noted and all I saw was small white print on the box after I opened it . It would have helped to know that the machine is literally useless without the sticks or to have at least a `` starter kit '' of them for this price ! I am hoping that it does work for me and while I can not yet rate the product itself I wanted to help others avoid making the same error I did . When you get to the point of ordering this kind of product , nobody wants to `` waste '' a month .
 I have been using this for four months and still not pregnant . I have very regular preriod 30 days cycle . We are trying for baby number # 2 . I will suggest you , which I just realize now to use something else in addition to this product . The the 2nd peak day like other reviewers say it is by default the day after the first peak day and there is no way of looking back at previous cycles . I am questioning this monitor because I conceived my daughter just taking tempertures in the morning and no fancy equipments . This time , I wanted to save time but I 've found myself maybe wasting time and money on this product and the expensive sticks . I will still use it going forward but with other test sticks . I am not saying anything bad about this product , just please use it with something esle to ttc . It will be better . I have relied soley on this so far -LRB- which I regret -RRB- and I am starting this month with other test sticks .
 My husband and i used this when we were ready to start trying for kids . The first month worked great , got a peak after a few high days . The next 2 months i only registered high daily , no peaks . I was scared this meant i was not ovulating at all but i got pregnant month 3 . Not because of the monitor , because i was on high the entire month . It just happened the old fashioned way . Being on high all month i also spent a nice penny on a ton of sticks for 2 months . Upon research I found many other women with this issue and felt the need to write a review to help any other women that were in my boat so they didnt get scared about not ovulating . While im sure the monitor works for some , for me it was a waste of money .
 I am on my 5th month of using this device with nothing to show for it ! I read the manual and I am following the instructions very carefully . This month I decided that instead of following the readings as law I am going to use them as a guideline . Lets hope it brings better success ! Seems like a lot of money to invest in a product for these types of results ...
 My annoyance at not getting a starter supply of test strips is quite high . Nor is it made clear that you need another `` part '' to make this thing work that you can not get at a local store . I accept that I must supply the AAA batteries , but the test strips to make it work ???? Give me a break.Bunch of marketing jerks
 I have n't used this yet but was very frustrated to find that the test sticks were not included . One section says they are included , another says they are not . This needs to be corrected ! Thankfully , I have 1 day to buy them before I need to begin testing . However , I was very frustrated .
 I was really dispointed at this machine . First urine in the morning does not work for me . And the way the machine is programed is very restrictive . It does not allow any mistake . I was using it for 6-7 months and the machine just kept giving me misleading readings . So I gave up . Guess what ? The very first month after I throw this thing away , I was pregenant with my boy !
 Do not buy the monitor from this site , the one i recieved in the mail after paying extra for fast shipping didnt work .
 Anyway , We got two of these monitors over several years to use as a natural birth control tool - to avoid pregnancy.When our first monitor went haywire after about a year , Clear Blue had us send it in , but Clear Blue sent it back with the same defect . They did not fix the problem.We bought another . When the second one went haywire , Clear Blue Customer service kept asking us why we could not conceive . When we told them it was not to conceive , they gave us a hard time because `` it can not be used as a birth control device '' and refused to fix it.FDA Federal law says one can not market a fertility monitor as a birth control device , or even as a helpful tool for birth control.Apparently , big pharma likes it that way - they sell more pills , patches , and plastic insertion devices , etc. . They also have the high school sex-ed class teachers worrying about breaking FDA rules , if they teach children how to avoid pregnancy naturally with the help of LH indicators . Apparently , the 1 % of big pharma business interests -LRB- that influences 100 % of our politics -RRB- controls our lives once again.What is even more interesting is the Great Britain branch of `` Clear Blue '' markets a version of this monitor in the United Kingdom specifically AS a Birth Control device -LRB- it 's not against the law there -RRB- but Clear Blue 's U.S. division customer service was using the U.S. Federal Law as an excuse not to fix ours.Since then , -LRB- for the last 7 years -RRB- or so , we 've been using plain old inexpensive LH urine sticks . We have found these LH urine sticks , like those from `` Wondfo '' -LRB- we get 50 for $ 10 -RRB- to be more reliable and easier to use than this fancy schmancy monitor . In fact the cheap urine sticks are better than this hi-tech monitor trash , because you can tell the relative concentration of LH hormone in the blood , by the intensity of the test stick indicator `` line . `` In fact , in about five years of using several kinds of urine LH sticks , we found the least expensive urine sticks made in Taiwan to be better and more reliable than the ones made in Canada , which cost three times as much . We try to use two sticks for every urine test , each one from a different batch or distributor , just to be on the safe side . We also wo n't buy mail order , if the weather is in deep freeze.True , this monitor being reviewed does give you an estrogen surge as well as an LH indicator -LRB- the `` two bars '' for estrogen surge -RRB- but the change in the number of days of estrogen surge varies so greatly -LRB- from one day to five days , for my wife -RRB- that `` estrogen surge '' is not very reliable for anticipating the LH surge.In fact , with the inexpensive urine sticks , we found the darkness/depth degree of color of the LH indicator `` line '' is a better anticipator of a pending fertility than the estrogen surge indicator -LRB- two bars -RRB- on this overpriced monitor . Of course , the line color of the LH sticks is darkest when the LH surge is greatest , at ovulation .
 IF YOU DO N'T HAVE REGULAR CYCLES , DO NOT PURCHASE THIS . IT IS A MAJOR WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME . THIS THING WAS OFF BY A WEEK . I NEVER SAW MY PEAK FERTILITY AND WHEN I CONTACTED CLEARBLUE HOTLINE , THEY TOLD ME THAT THE MONITOR WAS NOT SUPPOSED TO BE ACCURATE ON THE FIRST 3 MONTHS !!! IN OTHER WORDS , YOU 'RE BETTER OFF JUST BUYING A CRYSTAL BALL OR TRYING YOUR LUCK WITH THE ALIGNMENT OF THE STARS . ANY OF THESE OPTIONS IS CHEAPER THAN THIS CRAPTACULAR PIECE OF JUNK . ONE THING IS FOR SURE , I AM NOT PURCHASING ANOTHER BOX OF FERTILITY STICKS , I AM DONE WITH CLEARBLUE AND WILL MAKE SURE THEY NEVER GET ANOTHER DIME FROM ME EVER AGAIN . I SIMPLY CAN NOT GET PAST THE FACT THAT I PAID $ 200 TO HEAR THAT NONSENSE .
 We bought this , used it , hated it , was too complicated , might have worked for other people but it surely did n't work for us . Total waste of time and money . I would not recommend it to anyone !
 JUST use a calendar , your body and cheap OVULATION sticks !!! this thing is Overpriced and does n't work !!!! and even at it 's best , it is too expensive and forces you into an inconvenient corner !!!! Counterproductive !!!! I WANT MY MONEY BACK !!!!!!!! UGGGGHHHHHH !!!!!
 I followed the instructions religious but the unit broke on Day 17 , with signs to say so and ClearBlue confirmed it . They are sending a replacement , but all the data will be lost -LRB- Now i am wondering whether the data was even accurate because on Day 17 , there is no change of whatsoever -RRB- . Before the final ` replacement ' sign , i got other signs too , clean up when it is brand new , etc. etc. . So i do not know whether I just got a bad unit or their products are always like this . They should understand that time is very critical in this business.very frustrating indeed !!!!
 You are better off using your money for disposable test sticks . Why ? Because :1 . Getting up in the middle of the night -LRB- or early morning -RRB- to pee throws off the monitor 's result , leading to the wrong `` peak '' days .2 . Missing the first test day -LRB- cycle day 6 or so -RRB- throws off the monitor 's result , leading to the wrong `` peak '' days . -LRB- Note
 I bought this from someone NIB some time ago and have been using it for two cycles , and I 'm not yet impressed.I 've heard it `` takes a few months/cycles '' to `` learn '' your cycle , and some of the reviews I 've seen on here are making me very concerned that I wasted my money on this.IMO it should not have to `` learn '' my cycles . It should be reading if my LH and estrogen are increasing or not , no matter where in my cycle I am nor how many cycles I 've used it , as well as it should n't matter how many sticks I put into it . I do n't like the fact that it may read my levels incorrectly and cause me to be `` off '' on when my O date is . I might as well use OPKs and hope my husband and I have sex at the appropriate time to conceive.I like the six hour window -LRB- three hours before and three hours after I hit the button -RRB- . I like its ease of use.I am very unhappy with this product and feel that it is a waste of my time and money . The monitor has been reading HIGH fertility for the past few days , but the lines indicate it should be LOW fertility -LRB- HIGH fertility shows two lines , Peak shows only one line , that is next to the pee end . Low shows only one line far from the pee end -RRB- . Updated 6/7/2010
 This retailer states that this product comes with 20 test sticks . I got this paockage and needed to use it the next morning . I open the box the night I got and came to find there were NO TEST STICKS with it . I lost an entire cycle of using this . I thought I was getting a great deal , and I did n't . The sales rep had no comments , and did not even know what I was talking about.Awful experience .
 Would not recommend it to women who do not have predictable cycles . it confuses the monitor and in turn us .
 I purchased this monitor brand new from Amazon.com . I followed the directions to the letter . The instructions say that for the first cycle using the monitor , it will ask for the first test stick on Cycle day 6 . I turned on the unit well within my testing window , but only the 6 and one bar showed up for low fertility . The monitor did not ask for a test stick on day 6 like it was supposed to . It says it might choose another first test day in subsequent cycles , but this was my first cycle using the monitor . It was as if someone had it before . It came packaged perfectly , unless when people send their defective monitors back to the company , they repackage everything to look brand new . I bought 2 packs of sticks to go along with it , so now I have over $ 200 worth of paperweights .
 After seeing all the good reviews , I am deeply disappointed with this product . The month it arrived , I was not able to use it because I arrived after day 5 of my cycle . The next month the readings stated `` high fertility '' for every day of my cycle because according to customer service it was `` calibrating '' , so it did n't provide any useful information . The next month I think worked , but the following month everyday except for one stated that I have `` low '' fertility , and no day was indicated that I was ovulating . I am going to a fertility doctor so I know that in fact did ovulate . Although there is a 90 day warranty on the devise , I did not find out it is broken until after the 90 days so the company wont take it back . The customer service reps are pretty rude and unhelpful as well . For a devise of this price , they should have a better customer service policy .
 I must admit that with all the positive reviews , I thought this machine would be easier to use and much more accurate than the testing sticks . It 's really not ! This monitor provides very little flexibility in terms of when you test . If you are seriously considering purchasing this monitor , read the directions first ! This monitor has basically been an expensive paper weight and I really get upset when I think about the cost and the inconvenience.By not testing within the six hour window , I almost missed my surge . I am usually up at 5am , but I decided to sleep past 8am on a Saturday . I was unable to use the monitor at all and had to run out and purchase the test sticks -LRB- $ 30 bucks and a smiley face -- glad , I did -RRB- . I also travel and this machine will seriously prevent you from testing at a different time . In addition , you MUST start using the monitor before or by day 5 or just forget it for the entire cycle . Again , I had to purchase test sticks ... another $ 30 bucks with my expensive , beautiful , sleek , `` unusable '' paper weight.I really wish I had NOT made this purchase and I can not believe the lack of flexibility or the number of positive reviews . It is soooo not worth it . It is truly easier and just as reliable to use the clear blue digital tests . A significant number of the positive reviews actually read as though the monitor got them pregnant . This monitor only gives you information about your LH surge , nothing more ...
 I was hoping this was going to help me succeed in getting pregnant . I started it the day of my cycle and had one low day of fertility and 19 days of high fertility without a peak ... egh !! very disappointed with the product and would recommend saving your money .
 I 'm actually surprised there is n't a class-action suit against this company . Talk about taking advantage of desperate women ! There is no reason whatsoever that testing should have to begin on or before day 6 of the cycle . If this product was really detecting hormone surges , the monitor should be able to pick up those surges regardless of what -LRB- later -RRB- day in the cycle -LRB- prior to ovulation -RRB- testing begins . Knowing I ovulate b/w days 14-16 , I decided to start testing on day 12 . The monitor `` read '' my fertility as being in the low range . Then I read that the monitor will not accurately read my cycle unless I begin on or before day 6 . Other reviewers articulated similar concerns . Seems Clear Blue has found an exploitative and profitable scam for selling highly priced test sticks , not to mention the monitor itself !
 I am so disappointed that after spending a whooping sum of money to buy this product , it is faulty and i do n't know how to locate amazon.com to file in my complaint . the aim is defeated so far .
 I was really excited to try this machine . It took my husband and I 8 months to conceive our son after coming off the pill so I was looking forward to having help pinpointing my O day for # 2 . I stopped the pill in January and so we have been having a go at it since Feb. . I used the machine for the first time in March . The first month I got 20 high days with no peak which I have read is normal . Now in April again I am only getting high readings . This made me worried that I am not ovulating yet but first cycle off pill was 33 days and second was 27 so I should be . I decided to try the Answer 7 day OPK as well . I had a few negative readings then I got a clearly positive reading yesterday afternoon . My husband and I BD the night before and last night . So I am keeping my fingers crossed . I have yet to see an egg on my fertility monitor so I am definitely writing it off as a waste of money . It was 150.00 . The OPK was like 20 . That 's crazy that the cheaper method is so much better . I highly reccomend the Answer OPK to anyone having issues with this monitor.UPDATE
 I bought this item after reading many reviews , and though I 'd give it a shot . Unfortunate since there were many more great reviews than bad I bought it . We have been TTC for three months 2 of those months using the monitor I meticulously read the manual and did exactly as it said as I though maybe some of the bad review were of those who did not read the manual fully . Well the first month I had 7 days of highs but no peak I had a really long cycle that month so i though maybe that was why it did not work , I also went to my obgyn because of the long cycle and she did lab work and all was totally fine . THen the 2nd month I used it got 4 high days and no peak . I 'm finding it hard to believe that I 'm not ovulating due to my labs being normal and I work in a radiology department and had the ultrasound tech looked at my ovaries and we could see the follicular cysts -LRB- that is what an egg is before it released -RRB- So I 'm frustrated to say the least I do n't have faith in this monitor any more so I will be using OPKs instead , I feel a little cheated that it did not work for me because it is really expensive !!!
 We bought this nearly three years ago and tried it for 2 years . We followed it to the `` T '' for first year and had no luck . We tried modifying our testing regimen and it would n't let us . There would be times where we would need to test and it simply WILL NOT ALLOW YOU.Though previous testing/check-up seemed like we would be perfectly healthy to have children , we started to realize after two years it was n't going to happen . So we went first for a consultation with an infertility clinic and later an initial evaluation . $ 600 for those two visits . We were looking at likely trying IUI -LRB- intra-uterine insemination -RRB- at $ 1500 per attempt with a max of 3 attempts . And if that did n't work ... IVF at a cost of $ 10k per attempt.In a last ditch hope ... We switched over to the regular old fashioned strips -LRB- Wondfo Ovulation Strips -RRB- . They showed a COMPLETELY different pattern for my wife 's ovulation . This expensive/intelligent machine was WAY off on her ovulation . Guess what ... the third month on the testing strips and we were pregnant and we are due next week !
 After ` winging it ' for several months and taking my temperature for one month I decided to buy this product . I was very excited to use it . Everything was going along just fine for days 1 through 16 -LRB- a peak day -RRB- . I wake up on day 17 -LRB- Christmas Day -RRB- to find the machine is still stuck on day 16 . Could n't believe it ... of all the days . I wake up on day 18 , the machine finally advances a day , but it 's still a day behind . I was extremely disappointed considering the cost of this product . The helpline offered nothing , but advised me to stop using it and start over at the beginning of my next cycle . Like another poster stated , do n't put all your eggs in one basket .
 I have had this monitor for a long time , over a year . At first I loved it , but the last three boxes of test sticks I have received -LRB- from different sources -RRB- have been defective ! I wish I could attach a photo to show an example of what I am seeing on the sticks before they are read by the monitor . I do not trust these results when the strips have weird smears and uneven coloring . Clear Blue needs to start investing in some quality control or this monitor is useless .
 I ordered this under the advice of my doctor . She told me it did n't look like I was ovulating regularly and that this test would help determine if/when I did . So I ordered it and peed on sticks everdy for 20 + days , and I NEVER got more than two bars -LRB- moderate fertility -RRB- the entire month ! I never got a peak with a little egg so I just assumed I was n't ovulating like the tests at the doctor 's office said . Well ... I just took a pregnancy test on day 36 and got a BFP -LRB- big fat positive -RRB- . I 'm upset that I spent a freaking fortune on a machine that never detected my fertility even though I obviously at some point was very fertile . I 'm thrilled to be pregnant , but not at all happy that this machine did n't work the way it was supposed to as expensive as it is - and yes , I did pee at the same time every single day .
 Absolutely horrible . Took off hair as it was supposed to , but i have found that this and every other product in the Magic Shave line will absolutely ruin your skin with the most excruciating burning sensation for a long time after use . I used this and it smells extremely strong , even after it is taken off . After using this I could not touch my face because it burns with even the slightest amount of contact , and i can not wash off any residue because water makes the burning ten times worse . I would not recommend this product - even though it does what it says the aftereffects are worse than razor bumps could ever possibly be . Do not waste your money .
 Good for rough calloused feet , however , I can no longer find any replacement tips . Thus , I am very dissapointed I purchased the Artemis device in the first place . A very frustrated , dissatisfied customer
 I love ginger so I wanted to try this . But Vitamin Shoppe , after two e-mails , cancels my order which is not surprising as Tom 's has , I understand , stopped making this flavor.I think it should be removed from the VS Amazon store post haste .
 I did n't care for the flavor of this particular kind of Tom 's of Maine toothpaste . The gingermint was n't particularly appealing to me . The toothpaste seemed to clean my teeth well and leave me with fresh breath , but I could n't get past the odd taste of the gingermint . I would n't purchase this product , but maybe others would like it .
 It was , without a doubt , one of the worst-tasting toothpastes that I 've ever tasted . I really wanted to like it because I believe in Tom 's products , but I will never buy his toothpaste . However , I know that I do n't like the taste of baking soda . If you do , you may feel differently about this product .
 Imagine my excitement upon finding a toothpaste that was all natural . However , upon using it for the first time , I questioned why I ever strayed from my trusted Colgate and Crest . Saying the taste of this toothpaste was a disappointment would be an understatement . I do n't know if it was the ginger or the baking soda , but this is the worst tasting toothpaste I 've EVER tasted . Imagine that you have to taste someone 's old wet socks
 This product did nothing of what the claim said it would do . It just taste bad . I would not subject this product to anyone , and for what it does it should only cost .50 to the public .
 Found 58 softgels in each of 2 bottles instead of printed on label as `` 60 '' . I counted each bottle 4 times to make sure . Never had such a bad experience with any product .
 I am updating my previous review . After using Supercritical Stress Advantage off and on for over a year , I have found this product not effective . This is my second New Chapter purchase that did not work for me . When I initially begin taking this product , I took it in conjunction with other calming products so that is probably why I thought it was doing such a good job . After trying it several times recently by itself on an empty stomach and with food , I felt nothing ! New Chapter products are pricey and for the price I thought I was getting a quality product , I will not purchase again . I have started taking L-Theanine and it is working well for me .
 I brought this product because I was concerned about the flouride in toothpaste . Unfortunately the ingredients are not listed in the product description . I thought Tom 's of Maine was a good healthy brand and that 's why I was very surprised when I recieved the product and noted that it contained Carrageenan , which is a natural additive used to thicken foods . It is derived from seaweed . The problem is it has been shown to irritate bowel lining in people who have IBS , Crohns disease and Ulcerative Colitis . It can suppress Immune function and cause inflammation . It has also been shown to be a carcinogenic . So do your own research on this substance and be aware before buying products that contain Carageenan .
 I have used Tom 's of Maine toothpaste for about 20 years , but am now switching to another brand ; Tom 's which now belongs to Colgate Palmolive , has ditched its original very simple formulation in favor of a much more commercial and synthetic formulation . Fennel flavor has been my favorite , and until now I 've been reliably cheered to read the very simple list of ingredients on the tube . Now , however , the list has changed , and includes all sorts of ingredients -- xylitol -LRB- a sweetener -RRB- , sodium laurel sulfate , and `` natural flavors '' -- that I do n't want in my toothpaste . No more propolis , no more myrrh . `` Natural flavors '' , thanks to the FDA , means chemically synthesized flavors that match those derived from natural substances . That means that you get a fake jolt of fennel , or mint , or wintergreen , not the real thing . `` Natural flavors '' is a cheaper alternative to real flavors , and lets Colgate Palmolive manufacture a paste that suggests a healthy alternative to more mainstream brands , while not actually being significantly different from those brands .
 Most minty toothpastes feel like they burn my mouth . This one does n't do that , and the flavor is pleasant . Also , no yucky fluoride.My local stores rarely carry this , opting instead to stock the `` burn your mouth with mint or cinnamon '' varieties . I 've been using Tom 's un-fluoridated toothpaste for over ten years.These tubes are 5.5 ounces , not 6 ounces as the listing shows . The truth about fluoride -LSB- ... -RSB- Well , this used to be a good toothpaste , but the Tom 's brand was bought out , and now it tastes like mush , and has ingredients in it that interfere with what a good natural toothpaste is supposed to do . At least it does n't have fluoride.I 've now switched to EcoDent tooth powder .
 Unfortunately , I must be in the .001 % of the population who have hypersensitive skin . The normal aluminum chlorohydrate products give me no problem , but I can last about 2 days on this before I get a rash . C'est la vie ...
 I 'm a fairly small woman , and always have been . One of my biggest concerns physically was always my small breasts -LRB- A-cup at 26 ? Yikes ! -RRB- , so when I saw all of the positive reviews for this product , I thought , `` FINALLY ! YAY ! '' In good faith I bought the product and tried it out . After two months , NO RESULTS . Nothing . My complexion is not clearer -LRB- though I do n't typically have acne -RRB- , my butt is not bigger , my metabolism has not changed , I do not enjoy sex more , I do not want sex more , and moreover my breasts are still as small as ever . None of the things that were true for anyone else were true for me , so I 'm just putting it out there -- Save yourselves some money and disappointment - eat more hamburgers . Take less pills .
 I 'm a fairly small woman , and always have been . One of my biggest concerns physically was always my small breasts -LRB- A-cup at 26 ? Yikes ! -RRB- , so when I saw all of the positive reviews for this product , I thought , `` FINALLY ! YAY ! '' In good faith I bought the product and tried it out . After two months , NO RESULTS . Nothing . My complexion is not clearer -LRB- though I do n't typically have acne -RRB- , my butt is not bigger , my metabolism has not changed , I do not enjoy sex more , I do not want sex more , and moreover my breasts are still as small as ever . None of the things that were true for anyone else were true for me , so I 'm just putting it out there -- Save yourselves some money and disappointment - eat more hamburgers . Take less pills .
 I have been using this product , both the cream and pills , for 2 weeks now and i am not happy at all ! Getting opposite results , my boobs have actually shrunk by an inch ! Yes i measured them before i started it . Hopefully i can come back with better results at the end of the month , if not this is a complete waste of money !
 Dont bother taking this product it will be a waste of your time and effort . took it for 6months and nothing . hope i helped you some .
 I was hoping it would but all those reviews I read did n't ring true in my case .
 This item is not the real product , after careful inspection of the packages not only did I receive two differently labeled bottles of pills since I ordered two sets but the label was crooked on the bottle and did not read the same as the label of breast actives - on both the cream and the pills . I 'll admit the descrepancies are small but here 's a list of them1 . Cream says topical cream not enhancement cream as the actual product does2 . Pill bottles were completely different in name - both came from amazon and were ordered the same day3 . The ingredients in the pills are missing several which are listed on the breast actives website4 . the different pill bottle gives the companies former name with the same female shape logo , but this was not their logo when the company was called breast gain plusPs
 this is such crap . i ordered it and realized it was fake . going to try bust maxx.whoever is selling this item is a scumbag.TO ANYONE INTERESTED IN BUYING THIS ITEM . DO NOT PURCHASE OFF OF HERE . YOURE BETTER OFF PURCHASING FROM THE REAL WEBSITE .
 All this product did was make me extremely hungry . I 've adapted a healthy lifestyle , eating wise and physical activity wise , maintaing my weight for a year now . In the process , however , my breast size went down . I did some research and this product seemed to be the best breast enlargement product out there ... NOT so much ! It made me feel ravenous ! I stopped taking it after i realized how hungry it was making me feel . I would n't reccomend this product .
 Has n't been working and the bottle labels look like someone remade them . They look SOMEWHAT similar to the real thing but if you look at the fine print , they 're different .
 I bought Breast Actives -LRB- pills and cream -RRB- 3 months ago . I have followed directions and even massaged breast as suggested . There has been NO gain in breast size . No fullness . No firmness . NOTHING . However , I have gained 6 lbs in the past 2 months and that went to my backside , so again , even weight gain did n't cause an increase in size . This might work for little girls or women who want to see change . At first I thought I saw increase too , and realized it was just my imagination . Wishful thinking . This product does not do what it states and I am very unhappy !
 I was excited about this item because my bust has decreased since losing weight . I was a 33C and I wanted to be a small D cup . I applied the cream in the morning and took 2 pills during a meal , like it was advised on the bottle . I am YET to see results . There has been no change except the fact that I am gaining weight ; I have put on 5 pounds in a month and a half . I am very disappointed in this product and I am not going to waste another 100 dollars on something that gets my hopes up .
 The photo is of the old Tom 's of Maine product . What arrived was the new `` long lasting '' formula . That sounds good but my experience is that it burns my skin . Numerous similar complaints exist here and on the Tom 's of Maine website .
 I do n't sweat much and Tom 's deodorant does n't work much better than not wearing deodorant all . It also goes on super-slimey .
 Smell is a bit strong , and Calendula is not listed among its ingredients . The unscented Tom 's is a good product .
 As clearly shown in the picture of the product we thought we were ordering the Toms of Maine Original care natural deoderant stick , calendula . However , what came to us was the Tom 's of Maine Long Lasting deoderant stick , calendula , which my husband is seriously allergic to -LRB- and we knew that prior to ordering which is why I specifically ordered the original care -RRB- . The description was not clear either as to what I was ordering . UGGG ! so frusturating as I had already spent two weeks searching for the proper product all around town to no avail so turned to Amazon and still do n't have what we need !
 Like the concept and know several people who use this and remain stink - free , but this product does n't keep me fresh . Sad .
 I really like TofM 's toothpaste so I decided to give the deodorant a try . it was a fail for me . On a particularly hot day , this is a definate no go . I had to buy a regular deodorant to use as a back up . I am trying a nother natural deordorant now .
 I really wanted to like this product but it did not work . Let me revise that - it did n't work for more than 4 hours . I would have to wash and reapply every 4 hours or I would smell .
 This did not work well for me at all . I do have to say that a lot of deodorants do n't work well for me . It smelled great until I put it on . It smelled like a man 's deodorant on me . Luckily I did find another natural brand that works .
 This organizer implies that it will keep cool for at least a day . The cool pack included freezes quickly - but only if you have a freezer ! There is NO insulation - NONE . I put my Byetta pen in one with a fully frozen pack at 8am . I kept it in the car , under a towel - and the air conditioning was operating . By 1 pm , the pack and pen were at room temperature -LRB- at best -RRB- .
 Works well , but the inside pocket for a blood glucose meter is so rough that it scratched the LCD lense of my glucode meter .
 This deodorant was so sticky that I could try it for only one night . My underarms kept sticking together all night . It was very uncomfortable . I felt like it never fully dried . I would n't recommend it for that reason .
 After having been on a low cal/low carb diet for three months and loosing 13 pounds , I decided that I might need a vitamin and mineral regimen . I am 65 , active and healthy . I desolved one tablet , as directed , in a glass of juice -LRB- 6 oz -RRB- and within 20 minutes of finishing the drink , I felt just terrible . My intestines started seizing with cramps and I got an uncontrolable urge to move my bowels , which ended up being thunderous and painful.Not sure whether I should take another dose !
 i DO NOT recommend these ! they are so loud they leave ears ringing throughout my house ! i cut my husband 's hair on a regular basis and got these when my old conair clippers started going out -LRB- hubby had taken them to the desert , go figure . -RRB- i 've only used these a couple times because i ca n't stand the noise . last time , i tried doing it on our balcony so as to not wake the baby and you could still hear it in every room of our place . it has an adjuster screw on the side to adjust the speed of the blades/quietness overall , but if you get it to a reasonable noise then it wo n't cut hair - very slow and pinches all over . take my advice and stay away from them .
 I just had my first haircut with this particular model . At first , the clippers sounded like a well tuned strong running engine . After three minutes they lost power and seemed to be chewing pieces . I have tried different Wahl models and found the chrome corded model with the smaller battery trimmer was and is the most reliable and consistent model . Do n't waste your money on this one !
 The first 3 uses of this clipper worked well . Very easily to cut hair , cool to warm temperature of blade , looks good . After literally the 5th to present number of uses , the problems so far :1 . The temperature of the blade becomes unbearably hot after about 15-20mins . It gets worst in the summer when its humid .2 . The blade actually started to rust ! Had to wipe off the rust repeatedly to remove it.I took care of this thing very well
 Too loud and ineffective and did not work well on curly hair . I would not recommend it , it gets 2 stars because it looks good lol
 This product works okay as a dry clipper for those places where you just want to trim . However , it does n't work wet as advertised - the hair gets matted and the combs do n't catch it . For anywhere you want a clean shave -LRB- chest , back , etc -RRB- , the foil does n't work AT ALL , wet or dry . It does n't remove any hair the length that the shortest comb leaves . Also , the pop-up trimmer -LRB- which I used for my neckline and sideburns -RRB- gets rid of hair , but it irritates , and can even draw blood . Overall , a pretty junky product .
 I 've used a Philips Bodygroom for years without any problem , but I wanted give something else a try . I wo n't go into detail , but even used very carefully , this thing caused numerous cuts and significant loss of blood in an area that a man really does not want to see any blood . On other parts of the body it 's just OK . I will be going back to the Bodygroom , and throwing this thing in the trash .
 I wonder why this groomer can not be produced in dual voltage -LRB- 110/220Volts -RRB- ... You can not bring it with you when traveling to Europe or most part of the world . I had to return it immediately . Also
 Here is the deal ... I bought this so that I could trim my body hair . And yes it works , but not too well . It takes forever to do a large area like say your chest . Partly because it is pretty small , and also because it somehow does n't grab the hair too well . But , saying all that , I am still keeping it as a traveling groomer . It looks good , it seems to hold a charge very well , not too many parts , and it comes in a neat pouch . So for touch ups , or doing areas like your sideburns , or your pubic hair , then hey . . it 's fine . But if you are a looking to trim your leg hair , it 's going to take 45 minutes .
 This is one of the worst products I 've purchased in memory . As one of the other reviewers said it does not work at all if the objective is to get a clean shave , as opposed to buying this as a trimmer . If you want the trimmer option as your main feature then this will do you fine.The shaver does not work unless you run it over that `` body zone '' an unbelievable amount of times .
 This trimmer meets all the minimum requirements for a starndard trimmer . i would give this timmer 5 stars if the build was solid , HOWEVER , I bought this machine and used it effectively only several time before it broke times.Because I live abroad , I have to put the timmer in a bag to go the the showers trailer whenever i needed it . after about a month or so , the PLASTIC COMB SNAPPED ON THE SIDE . -LRB- PROB # 1 -RRB- because of the small surface area , it was impossible to glue it . I kept it just to protect the rest of the timmer , but soon enough , it had to be taken out . I HAD A TIMMER WITH NO COMB , which would have been fine . i started putting the shaver in a plastic bubble wrap just to protect it , BUT THE PLASTIC BACKING WHERE THE BLADES SIT IS VERY POORLY MADE -LRB- PROB # 2 -RRB- . it broke . I had a totally useless trimmer . after JB welding it and CAREFULLY resetting the pieces , i was able to get it to function , but i could never take the blades out to clean . later i found out it had a 2yr warranty i sent it back to the manufacturer and they replace it.four months later , i 'm walking in TJ MAXX and find it for 12 $ !!! Now i 'm stuck with two of these timmers that I dont even want !!! botton line , if you 're traveling , or not REALLY carefull dont EVER think of buying it . you have to treat it like glass.i hope they can have a new stronger model with better plastic . backing
 This body hair trimmer is really bad quality.The hair starts flying around after they 're cut making a huge mess.The dial has only 5 settings.My previous trimmer from Panasonics was much better .
 I bought one of these from a local store thinking I could take care of some light body hair that I had.This thing did n't do anything but mess my hair up . Here is what I mean ... I thought . . cool ! I will test this bad boy out . I tried to trim some hair on my wrist to test it out . It just pushed my hair around . I took off the rounded foil cutter and did a straight cut from the blade . Even trying that method took too much effort to cut hair.I also thought since it was advertised as a wet/dry that maybe it did better wet . Again . . same results . Needless to say , I returned it within a day of buying it .
 My family did n't like the taste of these bars . I think that we are all a little nervous about anything peanut butter right now . They do like the Chocolate Delight bars and the Zoe 's breakfast cereals , so I will keep buying products from Zoe .
 Though these bars boast healthy incredients , they lack taste . The chocolate covered version has a lot more flavor . These taste almost rancid . Also , I would n't give this bar to one of my kids again . My four year old wanted one and he suffered diarrhea for nearly a week afterward . -LRB- We did not suffer the same consequence with the chocolate covered bars , leading me to wonder about this batch -- I 've thrown them out , despite reassurances from Zoe 's -RRB-
 I love the guilt free pleasue Zoe 's Whole Grain Energy Bars provide . That being said , this flavor is YUCKY ! I still have the box and ca n't make myself eat it .
 I 've tried these and the chocolate peanut butter ones . These are n't edible , IMHO . Strong vitamin taste with another bad aftertaste . Was incredibly hard to finish the box , I gave most away . The recipients did n't like them either . I also do n't think the nutrient value was high enough to put up with that taste.I did n't mind the chocolate peanut butter ones , however , and even though they are waxy , the taste was tolerable -LRB- chocolatey coating offset that awful aftertaste -RRB- and all of these bars are definitely good as an occasional quick breakfast replacement or mid-day snack to keep you going . Filling .
 Ugh . This has a bland , peanut butter taste with an unfortunate `` vitamin '' aroma . The texture is hard-chewy and kind of stale even though it 's not past its expiration date . Did not like this at all . Bought these bars based upon the 4 star rating here , but what a disappointment .
 These tablets work & work very good , but the problem is my wife broke out all over the stomach area with an allergic reaction to them . 3 days after she stopped taking them , the rash went away . Tried them again & it was back in full force . You are better off Buying any of these Herbals from a Pharmacy where you can return products ! This company claims 100 % Satisfaction , , , TOTALLY WRONG ! They do n't refund ANY OPENED PRODUCTS . How can you check them out if not opened . I WILL NEVER PURCHASE FROM THIS COMPANY !
 I purchased this product because I had heard that it reduces cravings for alcohol . I am trying to cut back on the amount of wine I drink without having to stop drinking altogether , but I noticed no effect from these pills . The medical tests on the product said that it increases the effect of alcohol , so perhaps the nausea was just an early and more intense hangover , but I had to stop taking it and did not get the results I was hoping for .
 did not curb my cravings for alcohol . but that may be due to my serious emotional and psychological issues that drive me to self-medicate with alcohol ... cheers
 I believed this would reduce alcohol intake ... naah , just a placeboDidnt really believe something from a plant could be powerful , maybe a higher dosage is needed
 my doctor does not want me to take these with metformin . i was informed there was not enough research concerning this product and told to avoid it .
 I do n't dare use it . Most the items in the first aid kit are foreign made -LRB- China -RRB- and look unsanitary . Some items -LRB- gauze and gloves -RRB- even look used ! Overall , the whole kit has a very `` cheap '' and `` low quality '' feel . It ca n't be returned either . Avoid !
 Out of the three persons from my friends and family who have tasted the bars nobody liked the product . They all were asking me
 I know it 's very possibly MY taste buds , but this tastes like soap to me -LRB- or worse -RRB- . It also leaves a nasty coating on the roof of my mouth -LRB- like grease -RRB- , so it 's not a very pleasant experience . I enjoy having a health bar with coffee at work sometimes for breakfast , but ironically I found this bar does n't taste nearly so bad if you have it on it 's own - but tastes MUCH worse with a beverage . I really liked the idea of this health energy bar , but the reality was NOT good .
 I agree with a previous reviewer that these bars are waxy and awkward in taste - there is definitely only a hint of peanut butter and the rest of the mouthfeel is filler . I bought two cases on sale and keep them in a drawer at work for when I 'm trying to fight off the urge to hit the vending machine , but I ca n't give these away , and only eat them myself because I 've already paid for them and they 're better for me than a Snickers .
 Definitely by far not the best-tasting energy bar out there . As far as nutrition , since that information is readily available , there 's little point in putting it in a review.I 'd look elsewhere if you 're looking for one that tastes good .
 Very average-tasting bars , nothing special and not all that high in protean . Would not buy again .
 Normally take the time to write a favorable review . Tried these due to positive reviews but do not find them appealing , actually leaving a wax like film on top of mouth . Ingredients wise the read good , just not a product I would recommend .
 I just bought 4 boxes and apparently the sale going on is one where they are getting rid of defective bars ready to expire . Every bar in 4 boxes was defective . All were only partially covered with very thin chocolate -LRB- I 've been through 12 boxes since Spring and this did not happen with the others ... -RRB- , all were drying up , cracking and all expire within 3 weeks . I 've written to the company ... so far no response . Very disappointed.Edit
 I bought these because they were at a great sale price . I really did not like them . Not a lot of flavor and they really do n't curb your snack craving .
 I keep a drawer full of breakfast bars that I eat twice a day and have tried dozens of varieties . I 'd rank these as the second worst I 've ever had . There are other flavors of Zoe 's bars that I like better but this flavor tastes really fake -LRB- and my grandson agrees -RRB- . Furthermore , they flake when I try to eat them such that I ca n't eat them at my desk without getting my lap and everything on my desk covered with pieces of the bar.For better options , try Clif Zbars for kids -LRB- just the right size for a snack -RRB- and Erin Baker 's Breakfast Cookies -LRB- huge and filling -RRB- .
 I bought these on impulse as they were on sale . Very disappointed in the flavor and texture . My mouth felt dryer and dryer the more i chewed and i could barely swallow it . These will go to the food bank where i hope someone will benefit from them . Will not purchase again .
 Try slipper stuff and my all time fav , uberlube if you are looking for a lubricant that will not leave you sticky as this one will .
 I really am glad to see so many lubricants readily available on the market , Astroglide is one that can be found almost anywhere and at a very reasonable price.It 's thick , a bit much in my opinion , but it holds up . The big issue that I have is that it must be thoroughly washed off afterwards . I have sensitivity to so many things and even at first I had no problem , but it developed and can cause an itching and burning until compltetly rinsed off - sometimes that can be a hassle . Just a warning . Even if it is water based , there can be other chemicals or ingredients that a person can develop a sensitivity to.Contains glycerin which is frequently a cause for irritation , makes it taste better but not worth the ensuing problems.Contains parabens which are known cancer causing agents.Go natural with ingredients , carefully and informed .
 There is a problem here . This is a VERY MISLEADING AD . The title says 5 ounce Water based lubicant , but the PICTURE is of the 4 Ounce GEL . Seems if you order this , you will in fact get the GEL , and NOT the tall 5 ounce liquid lube that you probably wanted . The Gel is like KY Jelly , and is not the liquid lube . This ad should be removed and fixed . Be very careful to make sure you are getting the product you really want .
 I ordered Astroglide personal Lube . It was even shown in the 5 oz . tall bottle . What I recieved was Astroglide Gel in squeeze bottles . Not what I ordered . Not what I wanted . I did n't want to go through all the headache of sending them back , so I gave them away . Next time I will be more careful where I order from.Mark Porada
 I hate this stuff . Silicone is by far a better option , but I had to get a water-based lube for my Fleshlight since silicone based lube breaks down the Fleshlight material -LRB- and other rubbery/fleshy toys -RRB- . This stuff is also so `` stringy '' . Kinda hard to explain , but when you pour it out , you get these little spiderweb-like strings that float all over in the air -LRB- kinda like after you 've hot glued something -RRB- . All water-based lube dries out eventually , but when this stuff dries out , it gets sooo sticky and tacky which is not only a mess , but potentially very uncomfortable . If you 're using it just for intercourse , it may not be AS bad since it will probably stay moist longer but will still probably need to be re-applied over and over -LRB- since most people during intercourse do n't just `` enter '' and stay inside without moving ... there 's lots of in and out which will eventually cause it to dry out -RRB- . Ultimate suggestion
 I am biased to the natural thing . I have been subject to this out of necessity and have decided that excessive natural lubrication -LRB- saliva -RRB- is a better method than any . My GF and I used both silicon and Astro before deciding that nice breaks in between was a better solution than either . If I had to chose I would say go with Silicon and wash well after , but if you can avoid them then avoid them both . The dry feeling that is felt after is unbearable . If you go long periods of time and you absolutely need lubricant , go silicon . I have limited astro to infrequent and small drops.Astro ProsNo silicon less infectionsNatural feelingAstro NegativesDoesnt last longwinds up feeling more dry than before applied
 I tried Astroglide because it seems to be the most popular lubricant on the market . However , I ca n't really figure out why , as it is my least favorite of the ones I have tried.The liquid is thin , extremely messy , and has a tendency to run all over the place . The runniness and ensuing mess were so bad that it sort of became an in-joke between me and my partner . It 's also very easy to get too much unintentionally . When you put it where you want it , it wo n't stay put unless you use your entire hand to spread it on the surface , so your choice is to dribble on the sheets or be left with a very messy hand.The lubricant itself does n't seem to last very long and reapplication is usually necessary . I personally did n't think it felt as good as other products , as it seemed less slippery.In addition , this product has ruined my very nice 400-count cotton sheets . There are permanent lube stains now that refuse to wash out . I realize that there is some risk of staining with lubricants , but the fact that it 's water-based * and * impossible to avoid some dripping on the sheets makes this issue even more frustrating to me.If I can help it , I will never buy Astroglide again . Boo Astroglide!I am , however , very pleased with the next product we tried , Durex Play More Lubricants - Pleasure Enhancing , 3.38 oz . It , too , is water-based , so it is safe to use with condoms . The product is thicker , meaning it does n't run like crazy , and the bottle has a pump which makes it less messy and easier to get just the right amount .
 Report from the US National Library of Medicine National Institutes of Health `` Identification of Personal Lubricants That Can Cause Rectal Epithelial Cell Damage and Enhance HIV Type 1 Replication in Vitro '' -LSB- ... -RSB-
 It gets stringy with use and has a bitter taste . Try ID Glide instead .
 I tried Astroglide because it seems to be the most popular lubricant on the market . However , I ca n't really figure out why , as it is my least favorite of the ones I have tried.The liquid is thin , extremely messy , and has a tendency to run all over the place . The runniness and ensuing mess were so bad that it sort of became an in-joke between me and my partner . It 's also very easy to get too much unintentionally . When you put it where you want it , it wo n't stay put unless you use your entire hand to spread it on the surface , so your choice is to dribble on the sheets or be left with a very messy hand.The lubricant itself does n't seem to last very long and reapplication is usually necessary . I personally did n't think it felt as good as other products , as it seemed less slippery.In addition , this product has ruined my very nice 400-count cotton sheets . There are permanent lube stains now that refuse to wash out . I realize that there is some risk of staining with lubricants , but the fact that it 's water-based * and * impossible to avoid some dripping on the sheets makes this issue even more frustrating to me.If I can help it , I will never buy Astroglide again . Boo Astroglide!I am , however , very pleased with the next product we tried , Durex Play More Lubricants - Pleasure Enhancing , 3.38 oz . It , too , is water-based , so it is safe to use with condoms . The product is thicker , meaning it does n't run like crazy , and the bottle has a pump which makes it less messy and easier to get just the right amount .
 Unless you 're the type of guy who only needs a few minutes , you 'd be better off with liquid silk or maximus . Astroglide starts to get sticky pretty quick . Really annoying for a marathon 30 minute + + session with your sweetie .
 If your toilet has any rust in it -LRB- which often is the case from rusty bolts holding the tank to the bowl -RRB- , the test will cause a false positive . This should be mentioned in their instruction brochure .
 I was not satisfied with the shipping time in which I recieved the product . I have ordered from Amazon several times and was always satisfied but not this time . I tried to cancel the order and was unable to do that . When I did recieve the item the box was damaged . When I preformed the home test for occult blood it was negative . The test preformed at the hospital was positive . I will not purchase any of these kinds of products again . It may have been where the box was damaged but having the concerns that I had I should have seeked medical attention in the first place .
 I think it is a crime to gain a wealth by patenting a product that can benefit or correct health condition . Yes , nasal strips do work , but unfortunately I ca n't get them from honest manufacturer , but crooks .
 In the picture , it showed the different magnification as 5x , 10x , etc. but when it came in , it was listed as 1x , 2x , 3x . I called the company and they said the smaller the number the bigger the magnification . I told them to change the picture to reflect the true eye loupes . Its not a bad product just should be depicted in the picture so that you 're not left wondering what you had ordered .
 The product title says , `` Watchmakers Set of 5 Eye Loupe . '' On the box it says , `` Eye Glass Plastic Set Of Five . '' The product title is very misleading . This set is made of plastic from India . These are definitely not watchmaker 's tools .
 I ordered the set of 5 eye loupe and was sent a single loupe 30x - it was not even an eye loupe so it is totally useless . I need both hands free . There is zero contact information on the invoice - no phone number no website - just an address
 Added it to my melatonin regimen and it does n't work . My advice is buy a good , non-delayed release melatonin . Blah . DO N'T ORDER FROM THE VITAMIN SHOPPE . IT 'S A RIP-OFF .
 These are an Inferior Choice . The taste is lousy , go with the foosh mints instead.Foosh Energy Mints
 I did n't like these pills at all . They tasted horrid and did n't help me during the Test Drive period .
 they are too secretive in showing the epa/dha amounts . i went to their site and had to really look to find and then calculate amounts per cap . they are showing 160mg EPA , 107mg DHA per cap . usual amounts are 180/120 . odd they are different then reg levels and odd they dont disclose it easier . may be fine product ... dont know .
 This item must be for little kids . The seat is way too small . I am trying to figure out how to raise my regular toilt seat 4 '' to use instead of the seat that come with commode . There is no way an average size person can use this and wipe himself . Not well designed .
 I ordered this product , guided by customer reviews and company promises , on August 18,2012 . I received , September 6 , a box of dried out , coarse paper towels . I can only surmise that , as other customers have experienced , these are outdated items . If this is not the case then the bath towels and their packaging are simply inferior . I regret the time wasted . I could have ordered a similar product from a more reliable company and had them three weeks ago and the product I actually received would have been of some use to me . Having automatically discarded the shipping materials when they arrived I ca n't return them and am left with towelettes I might be able to wet and use for the dog if adding water will actually soften them . She wo n't tolerate coarse materials on her sensitive areas either . Otherwise , and what , in the current state of disgust , is most probable , I will just throw them away to keep from being constantly reminded of how I allowed myself to trust , spend , wait , only to have to subject myself to the same process all over again with another supplier.Most of us who purchase these towelettes first experienced their use in hospital . I do n't need them to replace a bath but use them between daily baths to keep sensitive areas as clean as is possible to keep human skin with its own natural flora and constant exposure to possible pathogens . These are not frivolous purchases or items for the lazy or slothful , these are medical supplies produced by companies whose business is the production of medical devices and supplies . I do n't think it unreasonable to expect these people to be trustworthy , ethical . But - my experience with them does not speak well for them , their practice is as far from ethical as it is possible to devolve .
 This product was a great disappointment . I have used other products that are much better . My biggest disappointment is the size .
 i could not fine the bath cloths at my local pharmacey so ordered them from amazon , they smelled terrable . But were thicker then some of the other ones i purchased from other places . Need to improve the smell , smells to much like medicine .
 I had a strong allergic reaction to the use of this product . Maybe it would n't affect everyone this way , but I suggest being cautious about purchasing these `` cloths '' for bathing . The cost to return them is prohibitive because they weigh a lot , so I 'll be throwing them away . It has taken a very long time to recover from the itching .
 I bought a 20 pack of the Silver Pads and used them for 5 nights straight and now I have the stinkiest feet ever . I absolutely ca n't get rid of the smell . They also leaked the brown gook in my bed . I 'll go back to the Gold pads .
 I do not recommend this product . I warmed the product in the microwave as suggested , and almost gave myself a steam burn . The washcloths are MUCH thicker and sturdier than even premium baby wipes , and two could probably do most of a child 's or small woman 's body . I might use these when hiking or in other situations where I 'd be away from washing water for a while . I think they were designed for nursing home use -- a regular washcloth would be much more practical and inexpensive for at-home use . I 'll stick to baby wipes or a wet cloth in a Ziploc for trips away from home .
 We also had these break . I 'm telling you , not worth the chance ... Use something else !!!
 every time I use it . it brakes . . what the hell is up with this product . I got 3 pkgs and I do n't want to use them any more they are no good .
 I had a pack of these and stored them in a drawer the whole time . They were never in my wallet or car where the heat could degrade the integrity of the latex . I had two break in the pack in the same night . Needless to say I threw the rest away.If they just would n't break . This would be a no-brainer five star rating . I 'd stay away from these guys .
 i rather use durex . . durex seems overall thinner than trojans ... and they do n't smell as bad
 Do n't waste your money on these , they do n't work . I 've used these 3 different times and 2 of the girls got pregnant . These things cost me over $ 500 a month because of child support . WORST $ 15 I 've ever spent . I think the fact that they are thinner than others makes them easier to break . I 'm not big so I know it did n't break because of size .
 This picture & advertisement clearly states ULTRA PLUS pads . You sent me a package marked Maximum which is a much less effective product .
 In comparison to other Poise protection pads I have needed and used for the past three years , Ultra Plus Pads leave much to be desired . While the pads are relatively thick , they offer very poor protection .
 The Depends shipped with this order made by my wife are according to her not top quality material and they tear very easily . Please let us know if these Depends are made by the original manufacturer of this product or are they a copy of something produced in a third world country.A refund for this order would be appreciated or send another shipment gratis if they can be described as the original quality
 I was n't very impressed with this product , as it was difficult to get off and on . The absorbency was great though , so I guess this product might be great for some people . I did n't like it for myself or for my elderly father who was in a nursing home .
 Depends are a good product I have used for elderly relatives many times . I was delighted when I found I could purchase them on Amazon and have them auto-shipped with a discount . The original order arrived on time but the second order never came . I checked my account and found no mention of repeat orders . The item is no longer carried by Amazon , but they never notified me . Now I have to go to the store and buy them or pay $ 12 for 3rd party shipping .
 Depends are not as comfortable as poise . They also do n't seem to absorb as much without leaks . Okay for folks that only need minor emergency coverage .
 A woman 's review ... These condoms leave a very strong RUBBERY scent in the air.Not so great when trying to be inconspicuous.Does its job but the smell is NOT pleasant.We 've been using Lifestyles-Ultra Sensitive for a few years now.Give those a try instead .
 Extra thick with a rubbery smell . It kind of kills the mood when you can smell the condom . Will not buy again .
 it 's expired and the tag was torn off for purpose . How can this product be sold to customers ? worst product ever !!
 This stuff tasted bad . I had to toss it . It was to thick and I could not hide it in things .
 I could n't send this item back quickly enough . I presumed by its price being 2 to 3 times that of other foot massagers , that it would be an effective , high quality item . NEVER PRESUME!With a low powered hair dryer mounted in the middle , it sounds like a small aircract while the base vibrates uncontrolably . I 'd say about twice as much energy was disbursed out the feet of the unit to my hardwood floor than to my feet.I 'm not someone with unreasonable expectactions as many of the reviewers I 've read seem to have . This is just an unusable product . The materials look cheaper in person , it offers virtually no `` massage '' to the foot , and it is incredibly loud . There is no redeeming quality to this item.Before I bought it , I looked all over the web for a review , unable to find one . Hopefully I can save someone else the disappointment . Did I mention I hated it ?
 I was using these to hold my flashlight in my car , and they broke . Just in the course of usage , not in a car wreck or anything . I was using them to hold the light horizontally , so maybe a vertical position mounted on a wall would work better , but even for that I would rather make something myself than buy these .
 Both my wife and my electrician managed to break a pair of these . Unless you are really careful when setting the light in place , they give away . It 's the cheapest of plastics and does not take a beating .
 Not much I can say about them . I was excited to finally have a place for my maglite in my class B RV , but sadly within the first couple of times that I removed the light while at a campsite , one clip broke . Having said that , I 'm here to buy another set since they are inexpensive enough.Update - after a little more searching , I decided not to go with these again . I 'll spend a few more dollars on these
 I guess these were not intended for use in cold climates . Using with a Maglite 3cell light , between 20 and 40 degrees , about the third time , they broke .
 I have mine mounted in my vehicle as well for offroading and it is mounted to the body of the vehicle on the driver side pillar and within 2 weeks one side broke off and I was in the motion of pulling the light out so it was not getting slammed into it or anything . My father was in the vehicle as I was removing the light to show him and once it broke while I was removing it my dad 's first response was , `` well that 's a crappy clip '' . I am going to purchase it once more and maybe see if the second will last longer and if so I will edit my opinion .
 These brackets hold the flashlight too strongly . I estimate it takes a pull of 20 pounds or more to get the flashlight out of them , and you might pull the screws out of their mounting if attached to something like a kitchen cabinet before the light comes loose . An older person , a woman , or a child is not going to be able to get the light , especially using just one hand , a very bad situation if an emergency.Get some kind of tool or broom holder at the home store instead.Thanks.Addendum July 20Using a piece of wood I wedged the fingers a quarter of an inch further apart and placed them in 225 oven for fifteen minutes . This greatly reduced the force needed to release the flashlight while still holding it firmly .
 A most useful product , thanks for the good deal . Just a thought why not include them in any large Maglite sale . Just a thought .
 IF YOU THINK YOU 'RE GETTING THE SPRING STEEL CLIPS WITH RUBBER COATING , THINK AGAIN . THESE THINGS ARE SHINY BLACK BRITTLE LOOKING PLASTIC !
 I was very dissappointed with this item . Did n't last a day . The Streamlight Adjust-a-Clamp is VASTLY superior . Stainless steel construction and it 's CHEAPER too . My current Streamlight set has been in heavy constant use in my truck for over 15 years . The rubber has worn off a few times but it STILL HOLDS MY FLASHLIGHT ! Customers who were unhappy with the MAG instrument product should check out the Streamlight clamps .
 Poor quality plastic brackets . Not up to mag light standards .
 I bought three sets of these . Broke one side of one clip pulling out the flashlight two days after installing them in my Jeep . I had two more sets so I changed out the broken one . Same deal when I pulled out the flashlight and broke the other of the first set two weeks later , and replaced it . Considering the price I just chalked it up to poor manufacture . Yesterday I pulled the flashlight out and broke the side off of another one . I will remove these clips from my Jeep and look for something more dependable . I wanted to mount a light in my Jeep , RV , and my truck , but these clips are way too brittle to be dependable . I have one brand new set still in the packaging but I will not be mounting them anywhere . I expect a lot out of my tools and Maglite makes a very high quality , dependable flashlight . I am disappointed to see this quality does not extend to this product . The plastic is too brittle for this use .
 I bought one of these several years ago and it broke within a couple of months . A couple of months ago I decided to try again , within 3 weeks it was broken , Never Again .
 theses clothes pins were way over priced for the quality . . these same clothes pins can be purchased at half the cost / / and no shipping fees to pay .
 We have used Efferdent Denture Cleaning tablets for years to clean our kids retainers , and we especially like the product with added Listerine . We were thrilled to find this product on line for less money than in the local drugstore . But this package of tablets that arrived had tablets that seemed to be `` old '' or expired and crumbled or broke easily , even though individually wrapped . I tried to check the lot number or expiration date on the bottom of the box so I could call the manufacturer , Johnson and Johnson , but the seller had placed a large sticker across that information . It makes me think that sometimes the reason certain items can be sold for less money online is because they are out of date ? We still highly recommend this product , but it is important to make sure your order contains the same fresh product you would purchase from your local drugstore . We used some of them , threw the rest out since we could not check the date , and just purchased a box at the local drugstore . I would purchase again on line IF there was a way to confirm the expiration date . P.A.F.
 I suppose first-time parents think that this is the best collection of baby necessities available ! But , what first-time parents do n't realize is that you 'll get the most important of these things from your hospital when you leave after having baby ! I 've volunteered and had children at several hospitals in several states , and the going-home kit always included a nasal aspirator , a little brush and comb set , a bunch of alcohol wipes to care for the umbilical stub , a shampoo scrub brush -LRB- not included in this set , but fabulous , especially for cradle-cap babies -RRB- , and a little baby nail clipper . What 's included that is unnecessary : emery boards/scissors
 I registered for this item , and received it as a shower present . The first time I opened the kit to take stuff out , the nail clippers broke . The bulb syringe seemed a bit stiff as well , but I never got the chance to use it since I took it back before my baby was born . Now that my son is 6 months old , I realize I would not have used half of the stuff in there . The only things I use often are nail clippers , files , nasal aspirator and a brush . You can buy better ones for less than the whole kit . Also , the hospital will provide you with a better nasal aspirator than anyone you can buy .
 I got this on my registry and was disappointed when I used it . The thermometer does not work . The nail clipper is of adult size and not made for infants . The nasal aspirator is too hard to use . The comb is too big for my baby 's head . Nothing worked as I had expected . I would have returned it if I kept the packaging . I had to go out and get another set to use on my baby . Please do n't buy or register for it . It 's a waste .
 I got this for my baby shower and was very disappointed when I opened it . I know the clippers and thermometer are necessities , so was excited to see that this kit came with both of us . However , when I opened it I realized that the clippers and thermometer are both cheaply made , therefore I will have to purchase them both separately . Everything else is just `` fluff '' that you do n't really need . Most of it you will get from the hospital and a syringe comes with all medicines you will buy . Save your money ... buy clippers and thermometer separately and do n't worry about the rest ... you do n't need it or you 'll get it from the hospital .
 This kit provides all the essentials , yes . But some simply do n't work or , worse , they work badly . In the case of the medicine dropper having unreliable suction , so be it . However , the nail clippers are dangerous . I thought it was just my new mommy lameness that caused me to snip off the end of my baby 's thumb . Then I bought some generic nail clippers for a couple of bucks that were so much easier to use , and do n't result in spewing blood . The bulb syringe is pointless and does n't compare to the one provided to us in the hospital . Likewise for the thermometer . Some of the grooming and teething items are useful , but you can pick up comparable or better ones anywhere . Overall , if you want a kit , I 'd say avoid this one and try another brand .
 The thing I use most in this kit is the hair brush . The nail files are okay . The medicine dropper was useless . It would n't suction up any medicine . The fingernail clipper is also useless . It 's just an adult-sized one with an attachment . Should have gotten a baby-specific and - sized one even though right now I 'm just trying to file their nails rather than clip then -LRB- on their pediatrician 's advice -RRB- . I 'm using the nasal aspirators that we took from the hospital , which I 'm told are the best . So , in all , if I were to do it again , I 'd just buy the pieces one-by-one rather than in this kit since I have n't used much of it , and the parts that I have used , have mostly unimpressed me .
 First of all the bulb syringe it 's TOO HARD , and worst
 to all first time mothers
 Hospital gave me aspirators which work best . Also the nose frida aspirator works well too . Hospital also gave me thermometers which work fine as well . Hospital also gave me a soothies pacifier too . Other than those things , I felt like all the items in this pack was unnecessary and if I did need a pacifier or something , there 's far better ones with better qualities out there.This product is cheaply made and bad quality . Had to return it without opening it after one look . Sorry for this bad review after not even opening the product but still I trust my eyes .
 The only thing in this worth using is the nail clippers , maybe the nail files . Everything else is flimsy , cheap , or unnecessary .
 I do n't think we will be able to use any of these items . They al feel cheap . The bulb syringe does not even work .
 I registered for this because it had a nail clipper and other seemingly useful items . After 2 months I have n't used a single thing . The nail clipper is an adult size , and I had to buy a baby one -LRB- about $ 2 at the drug store -RRB- . The emery boards did n't work at all on the baby 's soft nails . I use the nasal aspirator from the hospital . The baby bathtub we have has a built-in temperature sensor , but it is easy enough to just feel the water and know if it is right . Maybe once the baby is older , things in this kit will come in handy . Do n't bother putting it on your registry - there are more important items that you need and this is a lot of money for nothing very useful .
 This set is very cute , but I was dissapointed by the quality of some of the items . If I had it to do all over again I would skip this product.Things that did n't work :1 . Bath thermometer -- did not work at all . We were never able to get any temperature reading off of it .2 . Digital thermometer -- was off by a couple of degrees . Although it seemed okay at first , we noticed the readings started dropping within the first month of use . We stopped using it when it started saying that both my husband and I had oral temperatures of around 96 degrees.Things that did n't work that well :1 . Nail clippers -- did n't work that well . The material did n't seem that high quality and regular drugstore clippers did a better job on our daughter 's nails .2 . Nasal aspirator -- was -LRB- for me -RRB- difficult to use . I had to squeeze pretty hard to compress the bulb . Then again , I have n't tried other ones so I am probably not the best judge.There were also items that I did n't end up using and thought were unnecessary , but that will probably differ for everyone .
 I like the variety this product offers , but after only using the nail clippers a couple of times , they broke - the top unsnaped from the bottom and I was unable to put it back together . The Nasal Aspirator is to thick to fit into the nose easily , especailly when your child does n't like to have their nose sucked out anyways .
 The Nail cutter broke right after being taken out of the case ... when I tried to flip it over . Buy these products individually and you can ensure better quality .
 I agree with the raters who found this product to be not very useful . I wish I had not registered for it . My problem with it is that the individual items are either not very good quality , or not particularly useful . The digital thermometer , for example , takes a very long time to finish and does n't have a beep or anything to signal to you that it is done . You just have to wait and wait and wait and guess . I have a much better digital thermometer already anyway , that cost less than $ 10 . I have a much nicer nail clippers and also a better nasal aspirator that came FREE with Little Remedies gas drops and saline spray . The medicine dropper is pointless -- as others pointed out , any medicine you receive for your infant comes with its own dropper . It 's also a bit big for a newborn 's mouth , if you ask me -- we used it to syringe-feed my son in the first week to avoid nipple confusion , and it was unwieldy . As for the emery boards and alcohol swabs , who on earth does n't have this stuff in their house already ? Five little alcohol swabs are not going to get you through the umbilical stump period -- you are going to need cotton balls and a bottle of rubbing alcohol . I guess this kit might be a good backup for when you run out of or misplace your `` good '' items , but nothing in it is my first choice for caring for my son . You are much better off buying a clear plastic makeup-type bag and filling it with good-quality items , if you like the convenience of having a `` kit '' of everything you might need .
 There are a few things in this kit I use all of the time ... The nail clipper I love , the hair brush my 9 month old loves -LRB- I do n't know why , but he finds it fascinating -RRB- . But overall , this is cheaply made , and overpriced to boot . It 's all made in china , I 'm pretty sure it 's not bpa free -LRB- I will never let my baby use the included teether or toothbrush -RRB- , and some of it just does n't work -LRB- for us , that would be the nasal aspirator-the free one we got from the hospital was far superior - and the thermometer , which broke after three uses , never read correctly -RRB- . Seriously , go to target and look at other kits , or take my advice and buy each item separately . . you 'll be much happier .
 I bought this kit because I wanted the temperature tester that many people raved about in the reviews . However , when I actually got the kit , it was n't the kit that was pictured . In fact , it 's a 26 piece set and not a 24 piece set . You actually get the Deluxe Baby 's Essential Kit from Summer Infant instead . Apparently , they no longer make this kit and when I wrote Amazon to complain about it , they told me to take it up with Target instead . Finally ended up keeping the kit because it was such a pain to resolve the issue and they do n't offer the kit I was looking for anymore . Have n't really found anything useful in the kit except for the nail clipper and nail files . Save your money and just buy the pieces you need instead .
 seriously you only need baby nail scissors , clippers , a thermometer , and a bulb syringe ... you get a bulb syringe from the hospital and a comb , too ... the other things in the kit i have n't used ... ask other mom and find out the items you really need and just buy those ... for the money ... not a good value
 The very first time I used the nail clippers , they broke ! The bulb syringe is worthless . It was way to hard to depress and the suction was not good . Thankfully I took one home from the hospital . The nail scissors work OK but they are hard to use because the handle is so big.I have n't attempted to use anything else except the brush which is fine . I found the whole set to be worthless and cheaply made . Pass this one up .
 I 'm not sure what the other reviewers are talkinga bout . We registered for this set and got it as a gift . I have used NOTHING from it . The green suction bulb is so hard I ca n't possibly get it to compress with one hand - its useless for suctioning babies nose , we used the one from the hospital . The same thing with the dropper . The tweezers were so hard to handle , I just used mine . The brush and comb are okay . The nail clippers are too difficult to see what you are doing and so I end up cutting my daughter 's fingers - the nail scissors are too dull to cut her nails.Overall , this is a cheap set and I would n't recommend it .
 This is another one of those nice looking set geared towards new parents / You see it and think you need it all and it will all match and be in this neat little case when you need it . But the truth is you wo n't need most of it.Let 's start with nail care . The clippers in this set are adult size with a neat little handle added . Well adult size is too big to use on those little bitty hands ... that is why they back infant sizes . Those nails are also so soft the first couple of years that you wo n't be able to use the scissors or files on them . I ended up using the files and we use the scissors to cut tags off of new outfits.Then you have all medical stuff . The nasal aspirator in this set does n't work . None you will ever buy will work as well as the one they give you in the hospital . Keep all the free stuff from the hospital because 99 % of it is better than what you can buy . This also goes for the thermometer . They will be taking your babies temp frequently after birth and they use a digital unit similar to this one but better . The one we got at the hospital works in 3-5 seconds . Another reviewer said to get an ear unit . Do n't waste you money . They are inaccurate and the doctor will not take readings form them.We still have n't used the medicine spoon or dropper . If you child needs medication it will come with a syringe which is quiet frankly easier to use then a dropper . And at 14 months our daughter still ca n't take any medication from a spoon . Our doctor said that usually does n't happen until 3 years of age.Then there were the tweezers in this set ... in 14 months we still have not figured out what these things are for ! You 've also got the toothbrush . It 's far too big for a toddler mouth and you ca n't use it until they are at very least a year old . the bristles are also more like that of an adult toothbrush . So this was added to our stash of cleaning brushes.So what have we used of this set ... the brush . The comb still makes her cry -LRB- it scratches her head -RRB- and gets tangled very easily in her curly hair . But we use the brush every single day . We also use the cute little case to store all the junk that came with this kit that we 've never used.So all in all , take everything the hospital gives you and buy a brush because the rest of this set is useless .
 Nasal aspirator is too hard , and is of no use -LRB- the free one from the hospital is much better -RRB- . The nail clipper is too big for a baby . The medicine dropper is also lousy . Hair Brush is only thing I like.It has soft bristles ideal for baby . Did not use other stuff . I do regret spending money on this . Would not recommend to anyone .
 I got this last weekend at my shower . I took it out to look at all the little pieces . The nail clippers came apart , the tweezers do n't line up and the sticker on the thermometer is bent and crooked . I will be returning it and looking for something that will last .
 I read the reviews for this set and was looking forward to having all of my baby 's needs in one package . Unfortunately , many of the items do n't work . The nail clippers , the nasal aspirator and the dropper are very weak . Most of the rest of these items you can buy individually and be guaranteed of the quality . I would not recommend purchasing this item .
 Your much better off getting another all in one kit . This kit hardly works . Everything just seems to big for the baby , the nail clipper the comb , the brush . The nail clipper works better on adults than infants .
 Nail clippers broke after a few uses . As for everything else , I rarely use any of the items ... practically everything in the kit will be given to you when you take your baby home from the hospital . I thought it seemed like a smart idea to register for this . No one needs to waste their money on it .
 I picked this set apart and most of the pieces never get used . The aspirator is too stiff and hard to clean . The clippers are pretty good . The sissors are too bulky . The tweezers are n't sharp enough . And the medicine dropper is too stiff to use . I bought a separate 10 second themomoter so this one is now my back-up . As a set its not worth the money , buy the pieces individually you get much better quality .
 I put this on my baby registry cause I thought it would be useful , but I found that it really is n't . The only things I use are the comb , brush , and nailclippers . The nasal aspirator is very weak . When you get medicine from your pharmacy they give you the measuring tools , and you 're not supposed to use any other than what they give you . Other than the brush , and comb it just looks really nice on the bathroom cabinet .
 I probably would have gotten better quality if i would have bought a kit for the same price at Walmart .
 I ordered this like over a month ago , and still has n't been sented out . . I wonder why ? Im still waiting to hear back when they would send it out
 The thermometer did n't work , and neither did the room temperature gauge -LRB- I think that was what it was , there was no instruction booklet -RRB- . The nasal aspirator is too hard to depress . The brush works fine and is soft enough , and the nail clippers are n't bad . I 'd buy those 2 items separate and get a digital ear thermometer -- I 've been through 2 digital thermometers and my daughter hates for me to take her temp under her `` wing . '' You can use your own nail files and tweezers and a comb was unnecessary .
 My baby is 4 weeks old , I have not yet used a thing from it . Regular adult stuff is more useful and better quality .
 The quality of the products does not seem as good as the picture . It looks cheap .
 I have to admit when my cousin and I first saw this in the store we both wanted it . It looks nice because everything matches . But then we started to really look at what is in there . Yes we both agreed that you need a blub , but then with both of our children we received them at the hospital . The tooth brush is not the type you would use for a newborn/infant . Medicine dropers and spoons ... again if your baby needs meds you receive a despenser . My cousin then pointed out the water temp . gauge . I looked at her and asked if there was something wrong with her elbow . Point taken and we moved on to the digital thermometer . She stated that the ones she has had have never lasted that long . So yes it looks nice and comes all together , but when we got down to it it did n't have what we really needed or wanted .
 I have been in the market for a paraben free deoderant and have been using this for 2 months . Now I do n't know if the scented version does a better job at masking odour , and I do n't think that I sweat or smell any better or worse than the average person , but this product does nothing to deoderize for me . And I 'm talking about from whether I do light -LRB- common day to day living -RRB- to moderate activity -LRB- playing outside with my kids -RRB- , this deoderant just does not work from the moment I put it on to a few hours later . Period . It 's as if I did n't apply anything at all . I feel that I 've given this product a fair chance by wearing it for 2 months regularly . I would n't use this again or recommend this , and I am very disappointed . The only reason I gave it an extra star is at least the container is a # 2 recyclable plastic .
 I wanted to try a natural deodorant so I bought this product . After purchasing , I noticed that this deodorant still has aluminum in it just like the name brand deodorants I was trying to avoid -LRB- although they call it alum -RRB- . I wondered , if this stuff is still full of the same nasty substances as regular deodorant , why bother , but since I 'd already purchased it , I decided I 'd still try the product ... and I was very disappointed . The deodorant takes probably 10 minutes to dry after you apply it -LRB- which is a big pain ! -RRB- and then after the product finally dries , it does nothing to prevent sweating or odor at all . You 'd get the same results by not wearing any deodorant . Liquid rock is a complete waste of money , it does n't work and it 's not even a healthier product !
 Not only does it not work , but it smells terrible . Like a dark , wet cave . I guess that 's the `` liquid rock '' ... but where 's the patchouli ? I 'd rather smell like B.O. than this stuff . Yuck .
 I purchased this deodorant to try a new natural kind but was not impressed at all . The smell was alright but it stayed wet for a long time and did n't really work to keep a little smell at bay . Will not buy again ...
 I 've tried this unscented deodorant on and off for the last few weeks and it does not work.Cool weather , warm weather , working or doing nothing , it absolutely did not work for me .
 Do n't waste your money . I have tried taking this for months and nothing ... Just like all the other supplements out there , this one does NOT do anything . It is a waste of money . I took this at the advice of my father but it did nothing for me . I ca n't believe I spent money on this . Buyer Beware !
 I was n't very pleased with this product . I have not used a roll-on deodorant in years because I always found them to be too wet , which is the same problem I had with this one . It goes on very wet and remains wet for a long time . Then , when you start to perspire , it gets wet again . It did n't keep me from perspiring , either . It does n't even have a nice scent . I really think I will stick to a stick . Thanks .
 True collodial silver is tinted slightly grey in color . It is rarely clear and certainly the less effective silver products are amber in color to almost black . Stay away from these products as they are no good .
 I had a horrible allergic reaction to this soap . It took a few days for it to really build up , but when it did , the itching was unbelievable . The rash came after that . Sooo , I do n't really recommend it . Except maybe as a gift for your worst enemy .
 I had bought the chamomile version of this soap a year ago and liked it very much . I recently bought the fragrance free pure olive oil soap . It was a lot `` greener '' than the first bar I had purchased . This stuff is caustic . It is very drying and irritating to the skin , very unlike my previous experience with the product . I feel as if the soap was not properly cured leaving some of the lye viable , I do n't know . But the product is unusable .
 this soap was a completely waste of my money , first of all it does not moisturize at all , it left my skin ashy , dried and pretty much upset . I would not recommend this soap , the soap smell like palm oil soap instead of olive oil soap .
 But took 3 weeks to receive it . . I pretty much forgot that I had ordered it . This is my favorite face soap
 YUCK !!! Too bad there 's no option for zero star reviews , 'cause this soap deserves one.After three uses , I have broken out in one of the nastiest cases of contact dermatitis that I 've had in years . If you 're even slightly sensitive , I 've avoid this one like the Plague.Two Weeks Later
 I used this soap about four year ago and broke out in a rash on my legs and arms . Recently , I mistakenly used the soap again for a few days and now the rash is back . I do n't know which ingredient I 'm reacting too . I 've read several other accounts of people who had a similar reaction . Makes me wonder if they use an undisclosed chemical in the processing .
 It saddens me to write this review as I strongly support natural products . I purchased this bar soap from whole foods , as I do most of my beauty supplies . I use Kiss My Face body lotion and have had no problems . Unfortunately , Kiss My Face bar soap caused me to break out in the worst rash I have ever had . I developed bruises on my body from the uncontrollable itch , I could not get any relief ! It took me a while to figure out it was my bar soap . I went to my dermatologist multiple times and they misdiagnosed me with scabies !! When that medicine did not work , they had me change my laundry detergent to unscented and switch to dove unscented bar soap . It was not until I was rash free for over a month , I reintroduced the kiss my face bar soap , and with in a few hours broke out in the same horrible rash . If you have sensitive skin , I would not purchase this soap ! I 'm writing this post because I do n't want anyone else to have to suffer like I did : -LRB-
 i mistakenly expected it to be like a luxury soap but no it was quite disappointing the scent was very weak and the color is really awful . . the size was good but then if u hate it it just takes longer to get to its end i will not be using this product twice
 I bought this natural deodorant hoping for the best . Well it does not work in the least ! It lasts ... maybe an hour ! I have to reapply constantly to keep the stink away . And that is not good , because all that rubbing makes my armpits more sensative and they are developing a rash now . I am not allergic to any of the ingredients , so I know the rash is from the constant re-applying . I am definitely not satisfied ! I am not an overly stinky or overly sweaty person , so I believe this product JUST DOES NOT WORK .
 I would not recommend this product . I got it to use on the metal Tom 's of Maine toothpaste tubes and the first time I used it , the plastic twist broke right off . I would also not recommend making purchases from Allegro Medical . I was promised a return of shipping costs and a replacement for this inferior product and never received the credit .
 Okay so first off the shipping speed for this product was not at all fast . I had to pay extra for the shipping because the product was not prime eligible , and the product took almost three weeks to come in , I would n't say anything if the shipping was free , but that definitely was n't worth the price.Now to the taste of the product
 smells good but it burns my face and other sensitive areas of the body . works ok on the arms and legs though . would definitely not buy againEDIT
 Feels oily . Peels off . It does not absorb I feel like it sits on top of my face . If your skin isnt very dry its good otherwise no .
 I have used the 8 % alpha hydroxy Peaches & Creme for 5 years with no adverse reactions . So , I thought I would try this 4 % , being a more economical size . I just figured it would be the same ingredients , but with less alpha hydroxy acid . NOT TRUE ! The 4 % is mostly alcohol and other chemicals ! For those of us with sensitive skin ... even though 8 % alpha hydroxy is fine ... this alcohol based lotion will burn your face ! It 's been over 30 minutes since I washed it off and I still look like I have a severe sunburn on my face . I had to take meds to decrease the burning sensation . I hope I wo n't blister ! First six ingredients are water , isopropyl palmitate , cetyl alcohol , glyceryl stearate , glycerin , cetearyl alcohol . USE WITH CAUTION ! Better yet DO N'T USE !
 I have previously bought this product from other sellers before , and always loved it . The lotion is overall wonderful , but this time around I noticed the lotion I paid for and recieved was EXPIRED . The brand is Kiss My Face . If you go to their website and to FAQ it tells you how to find the expiration date . So I found mine , and it expired 12-21-09 . This is 2-24-11 . Not happy , and disgusted , product smells obviously old .
 This lotion is worthless and trust me I 've tried them all so I definitely know what I am talking about . You would be fooled because it comes out a nice thick , creamy , luscious texture . At first pump , I marveled within and said to myself `` Ahhh , this must be good . '' -LRB- I really am obsessed , I love a good moisturizer -RRB- . It takes a while to rub in though , so you 've got to work those hands . When it 's all rubbed in , it feels great . . BUT then after a few minutes , I see flakes of dry skin . This is leading me to believe that a. -RRB- It does not penetrate the skin barrier and b. -RRB- It is actually a very drying lotion . Now I have sensitive , eczema-prone , VERY dry skin . Perhaps it is because I am african-american , I am able to truly see the results because I see little white flakes all over my thighs and this is definitely because of the product . All because I wanted to try something `` natural . '' And after reading the ingredients , I have to admit that the product is n't so natural after all . I 'm better off sticking to aveeno 's daily moisturizing oatmeal cream which is a product that delivers . Another product that delivers is Kiehls Creme de Corps moisturizer . If you would like more moisturizer recommendations , please do not hesistate to reply to this review/message me . This Kiss my face moisturizer is worthless . I know my moisturizers , lotions and butters and unfortunately this is a fail . It 's great that it 's free , but why make something free if it lacks the moisturizing factor ? The people who left 4 and 5 star reviews more than likely do NOT have dry skin . So if you 're looking for something for extremely dry skin , do NOT bother with this.I forgot to add that I had a flare up with first use as I also have very sensitive skin . As I used it more and more , that did not happen again but my skin did feel itchy at times . What a loser of a product , it fails in doing all it 's supposed to do .
 THIS SMELLS LIKE U RUBBING BEER ON YOUR SKIN WHO WOULD BUY THIS I DONT WAN NA SMELL LIKE A JUNKY
 So I really love the mojo bars , they really hit the spot when you are not in the mood to make a lunch or need something light in the tummy . I have n't tried them all but the ones that I have tried have been amazing . I really love the trail mix , chocolate coconut almond , peanut butter pretzel , and the smores . My favorite being the peanut butter pretzel and I add chocolate chips with every bite lol I wanted to like this one because I have had such success so far with the other mojo bars but this one was not a winner in my book . I mean it is nutritious but really lacks in any sort of flavor . It is niether sweet or salty and is just kind of bland . The nuts dont even really give it much taste but do add a nice crunch . You are getting protien and good fats but you can get that with other more flavorful bars . If you are the type that likes something very simple with no flavor then this is ok , but try the other mojo bars that I recomended so you wont be turned off by sampling this one first .200 calories12 grams of fat8 grams of sugar3 grams of fiber8 grams of protien190 mg of sodiumIngredients
 We bought this thermometer before our daughter was born in hopes to never use it . I know silly parents . Well , she came down with her first cold/bug and we needed it . The thermometer did not perform very well . We must have tried to get a reading 10 times and few readings were the same . A sick child does not want their temp . taken numerous times at once and does not want their ears to be tugged on . I do not recommend this product and will be returning ours today .
 Received this for my impending son as a baby shower gift . My 11 year old daughter was sick with the flu so I decided to get it out and give it a try . I tried over and over with the same disappointing results . The thermometer was always 2 degrees too low . She did n't like having her ear tugged on so I can imagine how a infant will react especially when sick . I would not recommend this product and will be taking it back .
 This thermomether is horrible . I never once got the same reading twice and the majority of the time my daughers temp . was 95.3 . and mine was never over 96.1 . Hmmmm something is wrong . It is very inaccurate and very dangerous . I recently purchaed the Braun thermoscan and I get a consistant reading and it is alway 98.4 .
 I registered for this `` deluxe kit '' and was disappointed to discover 1 . the ear thermometer was frighteningly inconsistent in its reading , 2 . the oral/rectal thermometer -LRB- and who in their right mind would use the same thermometer for both ?! -RRB- did not work at all . Either the irreplacable battery was dead or it was broken to begin with . Either way I returned it and bought the Braun Thermoscan , which although we have not used it yet , looks much better made than the cheap plastic Summer Infant kit .
 We bought this thermometer before our daughter was born . Well , since we 've had it , it 's never correct . We can also measure her temp 3 times in 30 seconds and get three different temps that vary by 2-3 degrees ! We 've checked it on ourselves and used a standard basal body temperature thermometer as a comparision and it 's ALWAYS at least 5 degrees low ! Do n't buy this one . It 's horrible !
 I received this set for a shower gift and have been unhappy with it . It 's not worth $ 29.99 thats for sure . The darn oral/rectal thermometer did n't even work . After reading the other reviews of this , I see I am not the only one who had trouble with it . I have had it open for a few months now , before I ever had to use it , so it 's too late to take back or else I would.As for the ear thermometer , it has given me fairly consistent temps . The only things I do not like about it is that it came with probe covers that you have to replace . 5 years from now when I still have the thermometer they may not be making the probe covers as replacements . Summary ... it 's on OK ear thermomter , but not great . The smaller one is a big joke , make sure to have another one as back up .
 I got the thermometer as a shower gift . It is completely unreliable . Sometimes the temperature would say 60 degrees then 2 seconds later it would say 106 degrees . Luckily Babies R Us took it back with no problem .
 This was one of the first things I registered for . I was so excited to get one of these thinking it would help during those rough nights and give me a quick and accurate reading . But I was COMPLETELY disappointed . My son has had 4 ear infections within the last 10 weeks and not once did it give me a reading over 94 degrees . I have even changed the battery thinking that was the cause of this . The first time I used it I got a great reading . But that was the one and only time . Last night when he was sick again and were were struggling to get him to calm down I was once again disappointed with a reading of 93 degrees . I am throwing it away and have started to research another brand on line to get reviews before I buy another one .
 Our doctor recommended a more accurate reading that you get from a standard thermometer .
 This thermometer gives me a different reading every time . Now that I 've had it a while it does n't give me a temperature at all . It just gives me a `` L '' for low . This is a waste of money .
 hiThis is a terrible thermometer.It never worked well ... I would get three differentreadings at the same time !!!!!!! If you bought it -- sorry.Throw it away and get one that works.Thats what I did .
 As a registered nurse , I am very experienced in using tympanic thermometers . This one is simply useless . Not only does it not work on my active toddler , it does not give accurate readings on adults ! This is the most wasteful item we have purchased for our family . We finally bought the exergen temporal artery thermometer and life is much easier ! It is well worth the investment .
 This thing is pretty much a piece of garbage . Because it neither cleans fast nor has much power , I would say that this item definitely does not live up to its name . It does not spray out cleaner in a straight line , and I 'm pretty sure the bottle thing is going to start leaking soon . It is pretty much a cheap piece of garbage . You 're better off going to the dollar store to see what you can get over there instead . Do not recommend !
 I would like more information on use , I can not figure out how to use
 I ordered the Verilux ClearWave because I researched the available lit from medical journals etc , and the science behind it actually seems pretty sound . I gave it two stars because I think it could work for other people even though it did NOT work for me and I 'm out $ 200 . All the info I found says it works for 3 of 4 people.As for my experience
 I made the mistake of buying this light to treat my acne without first talking to my dermatologist about it . After just using it three times my acne became more out of control than it had in years -- my face broke out in places it had never broken out before . It took me two months of using medication from my doctor to get my acne under control . I would not recommend using this device unless a doctor says it would work for you .
 Do n't fall for these phony , sales-agent-written positive reviews !! It does not work !! It is a scam and waste of money !! Check Ance.org and the majority of actual users agree and give this a 1-Star on Acne.org and say it `` worthless '' or `` useless . `` I mean common sense should have told me that this product over-promises and ca n't deliver . Plus it costs a fortune for a two lamps in a plastic housing . It 's an infomercial product right down to the fake `` Money Back Guarantee '' which they wo n't honor.If you notice , maybe one or two of the positive reviews may be genuine , but the rest are so similar and LOOK LIKE THEY HAVE BE WRITTEN BY THE MANUFACTURER !! It 's either someone `` in their 20s '' or a `` concern parent '' who found this miracle solution.AVOID !!! Do n't hand over your money to these crooks !!!
 I did a lot of reading about using red and blue light to help acne . There is a lot on the Web , but they ALL say that it is best to use them separately -- otherwise you get purple light , which does n't do anything . Verilux has been selling these for years and have NO clinical data on this particular product - according to their customer service people - they only refer to some old research that was NOT done with their product -- DO N'T BUY IT !!
 I did n't get a chance to use it . The seal was broken . The comb is dirty and sticky . I guess this is not a product I should get on the internet .
 The first one I received was broken . One bulk was n't working at all . Then I requested for one replacement . The replacement was still broken . Half of one bulk was n't working . For me , 200 % defective ! Too high to trust this product any more !
 During dark and dreary days provides relacement sushineNo miracle cure for depression however its perfect forreading if you have vision loss as I haveAmazon had the best price that I could find
 I have experience with three different light therapy lamps . For 10 years I have used the Northern Light Technologies SADelite . I love the lamp , but it finally bit the dust , so I decided to go for something a little less bulky.The Verilux HappyLite is not a very nice light to be around . While the physical design of it is great , the quality of the light it gives off is cold and leaves practically leaves you feeling more depressed than before you used it . It gives off a very white/blue , cold light.The SADelite is great . I love the quality of light it gives off . But it is also very bulky and unattractive , and you occasionally need to tighten the screws so the lamp stays up . But , it also has the advantage of being able to use the light as a lamp without being directly exposed to it . Sometimes it 's nice to work by it for a couple hours without getting all cracked out from being exposed to the direct light.If I ca n't get my SADelite repaired , I am going to get the Northern Lights TRAVelite . I had the pleasure of using my mom 's , and it gives off as much light as the HappyLite , but gives off a less depressing , warm light , and is smaller than the HappyLite.While the HappyLite gets a lot of positive reviews because it may be effective at alleviating symptoms of SAD , there are better lights out there .
 The Verilux Happy light was the first SAD light therapy light that I purchased . After using it for 2 months , light therapy was n't going to work for me . I purchased a different company 's light and I was amazed that light therapy really does work . I then purchased a light meter and found that the Verilux happy meter would have to be 3 inches from my face for it to emit 10000 lux . I found the Verilux Happy Light to be absolutely worthless . Buy a light meter to test your light .
 Just received the verily . Turned it on for about fifteen minutes and the other bulb went out . I went back to read the reviews of other people . Saw the defect is a common occurrence
 I bought one of their products and when I opened the box , plugged it in , it worked for about 30 seconds . I called customer service they told me I had to purchase a new bulb . For an extra charge of course ... Nice . SO now I have a product that does not work and they wont fix it.DO NOT BUY THEIR PRODUCTS IF YOU WANT SOMETHING THAT WILL CONTINUE TO WORK OR IF YOU EXPECT ANY KIND OF CUSTOMER SERVICE .
 If you order anything from Verilux they will send you brochures every two months for years . I have placed three telephoned requests to be removed from promotions and was assured I would n't be bothered and i still get mail several times a year even after having moved . Completely dishonest company .
 This does not actually mimic sunlight like the product description says . This is only a bright light , it does not generate vitamin D in your skin , which real sunlight does . If this did it would have to emit UV light , which correct me if I 'm wrong , it does n't .
 I would not purchase this product again . Received new unit and it was defective . One of the balasts did not not work . Had to immediately send it back .
 Hoped it would help my ringing ears , but so far it has not . It arrived on time , hope it starts working soon
 So called nutritional supplement manufacture 's is the fact that an item like this fails anywhere , `` Including their web site '' , to identify the flavanols used to comprise this supplement.Further , consumers that , `` Review '' , something you look to put into your body to support a deficiency . Gross negligence . Shame on these , `` Reviewers and the manufacturer `` Take the time to do your research before you start putting stuff in your body . You save yourself the real risk of doing more harm then good .
 This item did not suppress my appetite I found that I even felt more hungry I still have some left
 These did n't supress my appitie at all , but did give me the worse headache in the world . I tried taking them on different days , to make sure it was the pills causing the headache . It was , within or hour of taking them I 'd feels awful . I guess you get what you pay for .
 Received 4 pieceSilver Plated 4 Piece Shave Set . Was supposed to have a twin blade trac 2 type razor - came with a mach 3 razor . Different stand , hanger for soap dish . No soapThe twin blade was the purpose of my order = wanted to get away from expensive mach 3 blades.hanging a soap dish with wet soap in it , messy idea . the image showed a soap dish with soap sitting in a round shaving bowl holder.Razor very light weight , would suggest another . . The shaving brush is actually fairly nice , but should have bought another 4 piece kit from a better supplier .
 I thought I was ordering what is shown in the image but the item I received was quite different . The bowl does not attach at all and is a completely separate piece . I am not happy with the fact that it will be taking up more space on my counter . It had a separate hook where the bowl hangs when it 's empty , but what am I supposed to do when it has soap in it ? Not satisfied at all but I do n't trust that if I return it I will get anything different . Very disappointing .
 This shave set is attractive , with a nice weight to it . However , the brass is pitted in places , particularly around the edge of the bowl -LRB- perhaps because it was shipped from overseas -RRB- . In addition , the bristles are stiff . I do not recommend this product .
 The item was broken with glass every where . I had to throw it away , and the only way I could get an exchange or refund was to return all the broken glass and vitamins . It did not make since and was unsafe .
 The item was broken with glass every where . I had to throw it away , and the only way I could get an exchange or refund was to return all the broken glass and vitamins . It did not make since and was unsafe .
 I 've been using TrimSpa X32 for over a year and , with a decent diet and regular excersise , I 've lost over 40 pounds . The X32 formula has helped me maintain my weight with no side effects at all . I , too , decided to use TrimSpa Energy because it was new and improved , but was sorely disappointed . The Engergy formula is way too high powered -LRB- 200mg Caffeine per pill -RRB- for me and has made me feel `` sped-up '' , sweaty , greasy and just plain gross . And that 's taking under the suggested dosage . I 'm sure that it will help drop the pounds for you ... at the expense of dilated pupils , shaky hands and acting sketchy . I do n't think this pill should be legal and should come with stronger warnings . I 'm going back to the other formula tomorrow ... that is if I can get to sleep !!
 It definately gave me the full feeling -LRB- but taking that many pills , that big will -RRB- , but for energy it does nothing . I 've tried regular and this formula and saw no difference in them ...
 chair is not at all what it 's advertised as . does NOT massage just vibrates and makes you feel sick . compatible with sitting on a washing machine .
 This is a sad invention . Instead of massaging , it vibrates and in no way `` relieves stress '' . Besides this , it 's very low budget
 I was very excited that one of My `` boys '' had bought Me this chair , but when it finally arrived , I was very disppointed . the motors are semi weak , it does NOT feel like 10 motors more like 6 if that . the chair 's pic is also very unrealistic in My opinion , the seating it not attached , its a pad , very cheaply made not worth the price at all ... I wouldnt pay more then 80.00 for this chair !!
 I bought this because i have a pulled muscle in my back and was hoping this would help , but since it 's not a massage chair it was pretty much useless . Now I 'm out $ 150 and ca n't afford an actual massage chair . The company will not accept the product unless I pay for shipping , which is BS because they misrepresented this product so it 's their responsibility to pay return shipping not mine.This chair has a cushion that sits on top of a metal frame basically . Nthe cushion has some motors in it that vibrate . Although it claims to have many settings it really only has one setting . The other settings are useless , and anything less than high intensity , you wo n't even feel through the thick cushions . Also the heat part is bogus . It only heats up in one spot near your neck , and turning the heat on zaps all the power from the vibrating cushion so then even on high intensity you barely feel the vibrations . So you either have heat or vibration . Not that it matters cause vibrations do n't do anything to massage.Also all the screws were lose in the box . Nothing missing though and all the parts actually fit together , which is the only reason I gave it two stars instead of one . I did n't expect even that from Chinese junk.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY . Read all of the reviews before you buy.UPDATE ADDED - I 've had a chair for a couple of days now and am even more disappointed . It serves no purpose as a massage chair , so I thought i would just use it as a regular chair but it is so incredibly uncomfortable that I ca n't even use it as an ordinary chair . In addition the fake plastic leather has an awful chemical smell that has taken over my entire condo . I 've been running fans , and have had windows open for a couple of days now and the smell will not go away . It gives me a headache to be in my home so I 'm avoiding my place for now . I 'm going to leave the chair out by the dumpster in my alley . Maybe someone will find a home for it . I ca n't believe the people reviewing this gave it 4 or 5 stars . When you read their reviews they all say that it 's misleading and that they do n't use it , but still give it 4 or 5 stars .
 This turned to be a very bad product . I am telling you , I am not very difficult to satisfied , and this Matress protector did nor satisfied me at all . After only some days , after being very tender with it , some seams have opened and it already have some cracks . I recommend not to buy this product .
 It cracks almost immediately after putting it on and sitting . Maybe I expected too much .
 In combination with a generous amount of duct tape , this product is very useful . In short , the thing rips easily . That being said , the product was invaluable . I had to move a mattress down a set of very dirty stares -LRB- 4 flights -RRB- , and the cover kept the mattress intact . So - good product , needs to improve on the material though .
 There is a reason this is so cheap . All the seams ripped as I was putting it on and zipping it ... It is barely sewn together .
 I ordered 3 ; one was ripped before I opened the package , another split open at the seams while putting it on the mattress and the third split at the seams within a few days . You get what you pay for .
 I did n't expect the plastic coating to be so noisy . Hard to turn over on a bed , without waking up from the noise of the plastic .
 This item arrived quickly and that 's where the good of this ended . The cover was a cheap plastic and it tore before it was completely on the mattress . It is a normal size mattress so I do not understand why it did n't fit . Since it was cheap , I did n't want to go through with buying a new one but you are better off going to the dollar store and getting one there for 2 bucks . This one seems like it came from a dollar store .
 Really had wanted a zippered cover for our mattress . While we were putting it on the zippers pulled away from the vinyl . Ended up returning it and have just gone with putting 2 fitted covers on the mattress -LRB- put one on , flip the mattress , put one on the other side . Definately not ideal but no zippers to deal with .
 These vitamins are horrible tasting . We had tried the berry flavor in the past and my daughter thought those were fine - but I ordered the orange this time because I wanted to go on auto-delivery . My daughter tried one and refused to eat another . I thought she was just being picky so I tried one but I had to agree - these were horrible . They were very sour tasting and the icky `` vitamin '' flavor was very strong . It 's possible we got a bad batch but these were really bad ... we had to send them back and cancel the auto-delivery . We then ordered the berry flavor again and those are fine . I guess orange just did n't work out for us . The vitamins themselves are great . Good ingredients and quality but that 's all kind of pointless if your kid wo n't eat them .
 According to Amazon , -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=hp_navbox_468636_mp?nodeId=537734 -RRB- this seller is allowed to charge $ 4.49 PLUS 50 cents per pound for shipping this item . Shipping is currently $ 22.25 . Subtract the 4.49 leaves $ 17.76 remaining in the shipping cost at $ .50 / lb this package SHOULD weigh 35.52 pounds . Based on the stated 22g per pad this works to 14.55 lbs for 300 . Are they shipping it in a 21.03 pound box?Second , since they do state these are 22g each , weigh your package of 100 -LRB- minus the plastic bag they come in . If it does n't come out to 22g each , you would be entitled to a refund - I do n't know about the shipping .
 Wow is all I can say . After waiting for the product to arrive by the due date . I got nothing . I emailed the Seller through Amazon , got no reply from the seller . So I waited 5 days , still nothing . I emailed the Seller again , and this time Amazon replied back saying they were going to give me a refund because the Seller cancelled my order.I totally ran out of pads and had to go to the local pet store to purchase more . This in the internet age . When you purchase something online , you should get your order or a response as to why you have n't . What poor and total lack of customer service . Do n't purchase anything from them .
 Pads that I was shipped were yellow , according to the vendor these `` the highest quality pads on the market '' . Well my puppy saturates these pads while the two other brands I purchased from Petsmart had no problem handling her tinkles . The pads were also loosely thrown into the box , making it very unclear if all 100 were even in there . Do n't buy from this vendor or these pads .
 THESE ARE PADS USED ON ELDERLY PEOPLE WHO HAVE TROUBLE GOING TO THE BATHROOM . THIS COMPANY SHOULD BE HONEST AND LET THE PEOPLE WHO ARE CONSIDERING BUYING THEM KNOW THAT THEY ARE NOT PUPPY TRAINING PADS . PUPPY TRAINING PADS HAVE A SPECIAL SCENT ON THEM TO ENCOURAGE THE DOG TO USE IT . DO N'T BE FOOLED !!! DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY !!!!!
 I did n't see too much difference on the way I usually crave foods but the pills give you energy without the jittery feeling .
 I USE THIS PRODUCT ALL THE TIME AND SEE KNOW RENOUND IMPROVEMENT IN MY HEALTH . THE SALES PITCH HAS ME HOOKED , BUT ONLY TIME WILL TELL . THEY ARE WAY TOO EXPENSIVE AND IF THEY DO N'T DO AS THE MFGR . STATES , THEN I WAISTED A LOT OF MONEY .
 Crappy product , the razor is ok , but the chrome soap bowl rusted in one day -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- because after using it for the first time , a drop of water remained at the bottom-immedately rusted . the brush is ok but the stand was lopsided and promptly broke when i tried to bend it straight . spend the extra money on something from a quality company like Caswell Massey or something . -LRB- my two cents -RRB-
 At first the shaving kit looked good . There has been some shedding of the bristles . Within a few weeks , the base of the holder has rusted and stained my ceramic tile . Buyer beware !
 For years I have used the Rembrandt canker sore formula toothpaste with wonderful results . Recently it was time to order a new supply and I noticed that they had changed the name of the product to `` Extra Gentle '' . Seeing that they were still saying this was for canker sore sufferers I bought several tubes . Almost immediately after I started using this product I had one canker sore after another . I then changed to another SLS free brand and everything has healed up and is back to normal . My thoughts are that either this new product is worthless for preventing canker sores or I got a bad batch that had SLS in it . Attempts to contact the company through the `` contact us '' section of their web site have failed . I guess I 'll be throwing away several tubes of this not inexpensive toothpaste .1 / 22 Edit - A few days after posting this review Rembrandt responded to my complaint to them about this product . We 're in the process of returning the toothpaste for coupons for other Rembrandt products . Better that throwing them away I suppose .
 I have used this toothpaste previously to help with canker sores . This is not the same paste that I have pruchased under the Rembrant name and does not work as well . I do n't know if the manufacturer has changed and the new owner is still using the Rembrant name but it certainly is not the same paste .
 I had been using Rembrandt for years , because I 'm guaranteed to get canker sores from regular toothpaste . So when the new tubes came -LRB- I order several at a time -RRB- I figured it was just an update on the packaging and not a new formula , as the canker sore labeling was still there . Yet within a day of using the new stuff , the inside of my mouth was entirely covered in canker sores . I even got one on my lips , a first . It took a few days for all of them to go away , but this is obviously not the same toothpaste as before.If a company changes a formula on something like this , that should be made clear . Pain is a great disincentive for your regular customers .
 I am not an expert and this was my first purchase of this essential oil , but it sure does n't smell pure and natural . The smell reminds me of desinfectant . I am extremely dissapointed with all the essential oils I bought from this company , and for the record it is the first time that something I bought on Amazon is going to the garbage can , no way I am going to use it on me !
 I purchased this product from Amazon based largely on the positive reviews . Unfortunately , this did n't do anything for me . My problem is with bloating and bacterial overgrowth . I had been getting pretty good results from GNC 's Multi-Enzyme Formula , but decided to try the NOW product because it is more affordable . Sadly , my old bloating and discomfort have returned so I am going back to GNC .
 My gallbladder was removed about a year ago due to stones . The doctor did not tell me that I would gain weight , yet that is exactly what happened . After some Googling , I found out that I was not alone , and that there were bile salts and enzymes that would help with this issue . I read a lot of customer reviews and settled on this product . I really wanted it to work.However , I have noticed that sometimes when I take it , I vomit either during or shortly after the meal . I do not vomit on a regular basis , and taking the enzyme is the only consistent factor in the last few times that it has happened . Once I do finish throwing up , my appetite comes right back , and I 'm able to eat more of the same food with no problem , so my only conclusion is that my body does n't like this pill , and is sending it back up.Therefore , I will not continue to take it . I will , however , try a different product , preferably one that is entirely plant-based and/or does not contain HCL . There is no indication that I have ever been deficient in stomach acids , only the bile and enzymes . I feel that the HCL is most likely my problem ingredient . If you decide to try this , I hope that you get better results than I did .
 I never received my shipment of Super Digestive Enzymes from NOW Foods - and frankly - they seem like they could n't care less . Amazon is refunding my money - so there is no problem with them . I went to the NOW Foods website and sent them an email explaining the problem and got NO RESPONSE WHATSOEVER . It was only when I went to their Facebook page and left a negative comment that I received any kind of feedback from them . This is not the first time I 've had a problem with NOW Foods . I wrote to them a couple of years ago asking them for a more detailed nutritional breakdown on their Brewer 's Yeast - which they could n't give me - and this is a company that sells vitamins and nutritional supplements . I spend a lot of money on vitamins , and I hoped that my latest experience with NOW would be better , but it has not . None of my money will go to their company for any of their products ever again . And it deserves no stars but I had to select one in order for the review to be posted .
 I used this product for a few months . I noticed that the quality is inconsistent . That is not typical for NOW Foods products . I think the second bottle was not doing much at all for me so I stopped taking it .
 i HAD HEARTBURN ALL DAY LONG AND INTO THE EVENING ... NOT A GOOD FEELING !! i HAD HOPED THAT THE NATURAL WAY WOULD BE SO MUCH BETTER . iT MAY BE BETTER FOR ME BUT I HAD THAT AWFUL FEELING IN MY THROAT WHICH IS BRINGS ME TO THE POINT OF BUYING MY OLD PRODUCT AGAIN .
 I used this product for several months before my doctor -LRB- gastroenterologist -RRB- advised me that there is little if any benefit to be gained by using it .
 I do n't know exactly what ingredient in this does n't agree with me , but something definitely does not . It causes quite a bit of discomfort so I have abandoned it .
 The reviews for this product as a CURE for Heartburn and GERD were so enthusiastic across the web , that I really held out hope that this was `` IT '' . I even ordered the item NEXT DAY DELIVERY.Took it at dinner with a medium sized pork chop , broccoli , and a few small potatoes . Within an hour my chest was on fire . The worse heartburn I had , had in months . Nothing relieved it . Not Tums , No-Reflux or Zantac . It only resolved itself the next day at about 3 pm.Be careful with any product containing HCI and Ox Bile if you have Acid Reflux . I wish it had worked .
 I am giving it 1 star because the upper part of my mouth is broken out and tip of tongue is sore.I did have it in my mouth longer than I should have , but still I would n't expect this product to cause what looks to be bacteria breaking out in my mouth.If it does this to my mouth what would it be doing to my stomach and other parts of the body.Because of this , I am not using this product any more .
 I am a long-time user of the original Armani fragrance , which is now hard to get . As a result I ordered it online , and the product I received was very old stock . I know this because it does not smell very much at all , which is what happens to old product . What a waste of money . I have to take a bath in it to smell at all .
 I own a pair of Rockports and thought i can put in just some heel cushions to make it even more comfy . Big mistake ! After like 2 hrs of walking the arch on my foot and ball of my foot started to hurt and ache . Walking became like a tedious chore and i was n`t sure what was the problem until i removed them . I found out that the rockports where designed with some support for your foot originally in the shoe design , and raising the heel was a bad idea . Doing so left no support at all for your arch . So be careful when using these or any heel inserts that causes your heel to lift . if you have a higher quality shoe and want more cushion opt for the entire footbed -LRB- even the cheaper flat gel footbeds work great -RRB- . that way it wo n`t just raise your heel but the entire foot is cushioned the evenly .
 I got it to keep the moisture out of my portable radio earpiece . It is a clear tube with several loops before the earpiece and the tiniest water drop will block the tube making it useless . I have two earpieces so I alternate them and during a three day tour it sits in the bag . It has yet to get the moisture out of the tube . I do n't know if it would work better with a hearing aid , but it has not worked for the earpiece . Maybe it needs a week or so , but I was hoping it did n't . I guess try it out its pretty cheap so it should n't hurt the wallet too much .
 I recommend the crystal stick over this spray as the spray just could n't provide the same protection as the stick .
 I wanted a deodorant without the aluminum and decided on this product . I also used the roll on version . It worked well for about 6 months but then I developed an underarm rash . I think it may have been because I shave daily and the skin is broken and this product contains salt . My husband also developed a rash but not as bad as mine . We had to switch products . Once we stopped using it the rash went away but when I tried it again it came back . Needless to say I am never using this again . Be careful if you have sensitive skin or if you shave ; it is like pouring salt on a wound .
 Let 's get this straight . Even though aluminum is widely distributed in the earth 's crust , it is NOT needed in ANY amounts in your body . All evidence to date points to aluminum as a poison that serves no beneficial role in your body and should be avoided.Aluminum is widely recognized as a neurotoxin , which has been found in increased concentrations in the brains of people with Alzheimer 's disease.Unfortunately , if you use antiperspirants or some deodorants , you are most likely exposing yourself to aluminum.Aluminum salts can account for 25 percent of the volume of some antiperspirants.A review of the common sources of aluminum exposure for humans found that antiperspirant use can significantly increase the amount of aluminum absorbed by your body . According to the review , after a single underarm application of antiperspirant , about .012 percent of the aluminum may be absorbed.Multiply this by one or more times a day for a lifetime and you can have a massive exposure to aluminum -- a poison that is not meant to be in your body.Antiperspirants work by clogging , closing , or blocking the pores that release sweat under your arms -- with the active ingredient being aluminum . Not only does this block one of your body 's routes for detoxification -LRB- releasing toxins via your underarm sweat -RRB- , but it raises concerns about where these metals are going once you roll them -LRB- or spray them -RRB- on.In some cases , it is clear that they may be wreaking havoc directly on your brain . In 1988 , for instance , a truck driver accidentally poured 20 tons of aluminum sulphate into a tank containing drinking water.Some 20,000 people in the village of Camelford were exposed to the chemical for several weeks , and then went on to develop a rare form of early-onset Alzheimer 's disease , along with showing the presence of high levels of aluminum in their tissues.Deodorants and Antiperspirants Linked to CancerAlzheimer 's disease is not the only reason to ditch your aluminum-containing antiperspirant and deodorant , as this metal has also been linked to cancer.A 2006 study found that aluminum salts can mimic the hormone estrogen , and chemicals that imitate that hormone are known to increase breast cancer risk . Animal studies have also found that aluminum can cause cancer.Given that antiperspirants are used on your armpits , the aluminum salt concentration is highest near your breast tissue . Further , when women shave under their arms it can result in a higher aluminum-salt absorption rate due to the damaged skin.In a 2007 study published in the Journal of Inorganic Biochemistry , researchers tested breast samples from 17 breast-cancer patients who had undergone mastectomies . The women who used antiperspirants had deposits of aluminum in their outer breast tissue . Concentrations of aluminum were higher in the tissue closest to the underarm than in the central breast.Aluminum is not normally found in the human body , so this study was a pretty clear sign that the metal was being absorbed from antiperspirant sprays and roll-ons . It 's worth mentioning that deodorants are not the same thing as antiperspirants . Deodorants may actually be less problematic than antiperspirants , as they work by neutralizing the smell of your sweat and by antiseptic action against bacteria , but do not prevent sweating.However , many deodorants also contain aluminum , along with chemicals called parabens , which have also been linked to breast cancer . So , you 're clearly better off avoiding both antiperspirants and deodorants.Supposedly `` Safe '' Crystal Alum Antiperspirants `` Crystal '' deodorant stones are a popular natural deodorant alternative , often used by health-conscious shoppers looking to avoid the aluminum and other chemicals common in most antiperspirants and deodorants.However , if you 're looking to avoid aluminum , crystal deodorants may not be your best choice.While many claim to be aluminum-free , they are referring to aluminum chlorohydrate , aluminum chloride , aluminum hydroxybromide or aluminum zirconium.These types of aluminum are widely used in antiperspirants and deodorants . The aluminum is taken into sweat ducts in the top layer of your skin where they act as a plug , stopping the flow of sweat to your skin 's surface.There is evidence , however , that this aluminum is absorbed into your body where it may cause serious damage.The aluminum in crystal deodorant stones is a different type of compound known as an alum , the most common form being potassium alum , also known as potassium aluminum sulfate .
 I do not know if this product works or not . This is because spraymechanism on bottle does not function rendering product unusable .
 I was wondering myself whether 6 meant the quantity . Thanks for clarifying that . It IS deceptive as written .
 It is a great idea , but for me it just does not work . I know people who like it , but they must not do any exercising
 Crystal spray would need to be re-sprayed every 1-2 hours to prevent underarm odor -LRB- & I 'm not so sure this would even work -RRB- . The Thai brand Liquid Crystal Spray deodorant works much much better for me .
 I used Le Crystal deodorant stone and it worked great I accidentally purchased this one because the names are so similar and it DOES NOT work well at all . I 'm stinky by the end of the day even in winter weather . Get the one from France - Le Crystal .
 I purchased this heating pad less than a year ago , used it about 6 times and now it does not heat up . Calling Amazon was a waste of time . They sent me to the manufacturer 's competitor . I had to do some digging on my own to get a hold of the Chattanoga Group . I finally got a hold of them and the product has a 1 year warranty , however , the serial number shows this product as over a year old . So I had to fax them my invoice and they will replace it . As much as I 'm disappointed with the fact that this heating pad only lasted through a few light uses , I 'm more ticked off that Amazon could not help me and I had to research the manufacturer on my own to get this product replaced.l
 I wanted to love this heating pad , because when it is working and all heated up it is fantastic , but then it cools off . I find that I have to constantly play with the controls because it stays hot for a few minutes and then cools down , so then you have to fiddle with the controls again . I wish I had listened to the other reviews that had this complaint before purchasing , now I have to go through the hassle of returning ...
 Did n't work right out of the box , My wife was looking for a moist type of heating pad for her chronic back paon . This one never worked one time.For a $ 70 dollar heating pad you would think they would have better quality control . Other reviews had problems within a year , I would have been happy with that . Thank God for Amazon 's easy return process .
 I received this three weeks ago and have used it three times . It 's now dead . I 'm planning to send it back in when I have spare time .
 I 'm on my second pad in less than 2 years . The latest one is just a few months old . The controls keep failing . The concept is great , you can control the heat level and the amount of time . Too bad the electronics are so poor . Customer service is nonexistent when you have a problem .
 Purchased this pad for $ 69 from amazon on December 18 2010 and we use it often . However today , -LRB- 17 months later -RRB- its totally burned out . Maybe that 's a good amount of time but for almost $ 70 I would expect more longevity .
 This heating pad would be the most incredible thing I have purchased for my aching back , except that despite my reading the directions four times and following them exactly , the heating pad keeps getting hotter and hotter , ignoring the temperature it has been set at , to the point of almost cooking my flesh , leaving it bright red . With deep regret , and wishing the thermostat worked , I am returning this item .
 I loved this heating pad due to its ability to provide a high temp moist heat and it is constructed so that it has a nice weight to it . What I did n't like about it was that the switch went out on it after about a year . I was able to fix it , temporarily , but ended up having to throw it out . I bought another one with a thermostat of the same brand and it was wonderful ... until it was n't . It only lasted about a year also . I use a heating pad about once a week , on average , so , for the price , I feel they should last longer . I am in the process of purchasing another one , but I am going with a different brand .
 I bought a moist heating pad from Theratherm less than 5 months ago -LRB- July 14 , 2010 -RRB- . When I wanted to use it again last month -LRB- November , 2010 -RRB- after having used it only a couple of times , it stopped working . I bought another heating pad from Thermophore around the same time -LRB- July 2 , 2010 -RRB- , and this is still working fine even though I use it almost every day . I would hesitate to buy another heating pad from Theratherm .
 At first I loved this heating pad because it just seems so well made . . heavy ... comfortable ... smart thermostat ... etc. . Well , after going through 2 and having the same thing happen -LRB- faulty wiring causing short in controls -RRB- I 'm back to using a really REALLY old heating pad that I hate - but at least it is reliable and functions .
 Temperature spikes way above the setting , making you have to turn it back down , no light on controls , finally after about year and half , temperature quit , timer still works . no warranty after 1 year . Buy 10.00 heating pad & after 5 years they still work . Save your money .
 This is would be a great product but I have purchased 4 of them in 2 years and they always seem to stop working . A malfunction light comes on and it can not be fixed . I would recommend buying a warranty if you do by this as they only have a 30 day and then in 6 months when it goes you are out of luck . Terrible customer service .
 This product is inferior to every other wet heating pad I have ever owned . It is awkward and uncomfortable to use and does not provide the quality of wet heat benefits of other heating pads . I would suggest that you do n't waste your money on this product , like I unfortunately did .
 I purchased this pad several years ago , brand new . It stopped warming up after 1 year . I kept it hoping one day it would magically work again . It comes on but gets 4 staccato lines where the temperature index should be . Every once in a while -LRB- 1 out of 200 attempts -RRB- it may actually show a temperature so I try to bask in that lovely moment which does n't last if I deign to move the pad or my body 1 centimeter . I am very disappointed . The short time it worked it was wonderful . But I would n't chance it again .
 I am very disappointed in this product . After a month the controls stopped working . Also , I read many of the reviews on this product prior to purchasing it and they spoke about how great the moist heat was . I did not experience this . The heat to me was no different than any other heating pad .
 When this works it is a fantastic heating pad ! BUT , I purchased the first one in 2010 , in less than a year the thermostat quit working . I called the company , they did send a replacement , although it took several months to receive it . I made a note on my calendar that I started using the replacement one on May 3 , 2011 . Here it is January 12 , 2012 and the replacement one just stopped working , same issue , the thermostat will not display or set the temperature.I am going to call them to see if they will replace this one , worth a try , as when this works it is excellent . But I will never buy another one from them , be prepared to replace it often , and save your receipt if you do purchase one .
 When it worked it was a pretty good product . I bought 3 of them and they all broke within a month . I thought the first was a fluke , until the second and third all shorted out . They no longer get warm , I tried to fix the most recent one , however , it will not work . I am now buying another brand and hope it is n't made by the same manufacturer ! While I surf for a new heating pad I am using my reliable 10 dollar CVS product , what a shame .
 Normally I would n't take the time to put something on here , but this product fell so considerably short of my expectations that I was compelled to say why . It is SO POORLY CONSTRUCTED . Period . I 'm talking about the shape/size/cutout . Before I get into that , I 'll say it heats up just fine , and yeah it gets a little too hot requiring adjustment of the thermostat a couple times , BUT , if that was the worst thing about it and the rest of it served its purpose correctly I would n't be on here . Getting that heat to penetrate where its needed has proven elusive . At first glance , the way its cut out makes one assume `` hmmm , looks like it 'll drape perfectly over the base of my neck / and at least extend over my shoulder blades and mid-back . '' Wrong . It drapes the back and shoulders , but there is simply not enough of the pad to reach up to the base of the neck and at the same time sit on even the shoulder blades much less mid-back . In other words , when I place it so that its a mere third of the way down my back , at the base of the neck it `` lifts , '' creating a large hollow space and that area gets no heat . Then I pull it up so that it hugs the base of my neck , and the flap at the bottom that 's supposed to be on my back rises and loses contact there . On top of all this , no matter what position its in , so little of it stays in contact with the body , as if it does n't have enough weight and gravity has nothing to really pull down . Its just one of those things you 'll understand once you put it on . I 'm all about compromise , but I ca n't spend half my day moving this thing around to cover all the bases . To make matters worse , the flaps that extend over the front pectoral muscles are so long -LRB- almost reaching to the abdomen -RRB- and for what ? Since when does `` neck and back pain '' mean most of the heating pad 's material and heat should be allotted to the pectoral muscles ? So the moral is that by not paying the least bit of meticulous attention to the design , the maker has used a very loose interpretation of the words `` neck and back '' in the product title while charging an exorbitant amount of money -LRB- when considering you do n't get what you pay for -RRB- . The one star it got was because it heats up quite well , and should one have shoulder pain on top of the shoulders , it ought to do something for you.When you spend $ 60 , somehow I feel justfied in expecting that the thermatherm should n't leave these things to be desired .
 It appears top me the manufacturer -LRB- who know who really makes this thing -RRB- tried to get tricky with the solid state controler but used low quality design and materials . In theory you can set and adjust the temperature and duration . However , the pad seemed to reach the set temperature and then turn off . Then it stopped working completely after 2 1/2 years . I just called their warranty person who basically said `` what do you expect - it only has a 1 year warranty . '' . The sad state of American industry . My last heating pad lasted over 15 YEARS and had a simple electro-mechanical switch . Please do n't sell your junk on Amazon .
 High price for a heating pad that lasted 18 months.The thermostat would fluctuate temperature between cold and very hot even when new.One day it just stopped - digital display still worked but no heat .
 Product does not function as described . Does heat but does not emit moisture no matter how long it is set .
 I did my research on heating pads and this pad was ranked very highly and had great reviews . I was trying to use up my FSA money before year-end and chose to spend the money on a good quality pad . I would use this pad at night time , placing it under my upper back . It worked great and I liked the auto shut-off feature -LRB- although i wish it maxed out at 120 min instead of 60 -RRB- . I did n't one it all the time either , probably 50 times throughout 15 months . Last week , I tried to turn it on and it crapped out on me ! There was no damage to the cord , the pad , the remote - it just stopped working ! I called the manufacturer and they have a strict 1 year warranty policy . So now I 'm SOL . I guess I 'll just buy a sunbeam from CVS . At least then when it craps out after a year , I wo n't feel as bad having bought a cheaper product.To sum up
 The thermostat shows signs of loss already . Buzzer sounds longer when plugged in and ` ON ' button is slower to activate . I am concerned that this is a sign that there will be more problems soon . Another concern is that the pad does n't hold its heat for the entire time set . I have to ` UP ' the temperature in order to get heat again . I have not had it for very long .
 No one bothered to contact me after I emailed the company TWICE about the product , at their company website - `` contact us '' -LRB- you know the tyoe of contact page that does not provide an email copy to you -- The malfunction symbol appeared after a few uses , so I spent $ 60 for nothing .
 While there are n't a lot of controls on this device , they are not labelled very nor do they work in an intuitive manner at least not to me . The main problem I have is that when I try to increase the temperature during a session the heating seems to stop . If I had spent more on this device I would have returned it .
 I bought it in May and it stopped working a month ago
 If you 're looking for a low/medium heating pad that you can fall asleep on without fear of burning , this is the pad for you . If you 're looking for fast-acting , therapeutic HIGH heat , buy a Thermophore instead . I have both heating pads and prefer the Thermophore by far . The drawback to the the Thermophore is that it has only one setting
 Make no mistake , this is a great pad . In the past four years I have purchased three of these . As much as I like the pad , this time I purchased a Thermophore Arthritis pad because this last one only lasted 8 months before it began to fail . Apparently there must be a design flaw in that after using the pad for awhile , it seems to develop a short where the cord is fastened inside to the pad . I do use my pad every day so this gets a good workout but nevertheless , I feel that something that costs this much should last longer . The one prior to this one lasted exactly 14 months which was just after the warranty expired . This one is still under warranty but it is going to be expensive to ship back and forth for replacement and I am just not sure if the hassle is worth it.When this is new , it is great because you can set the time/temperature for up to an hour . I fall asleep most nights with it on my lower back which is my problem area . The relief is incredible and like their advertisement says , no drug store pad or cheap heating pad is even in the same league with this one . The moist heat it produces provides immediate and lasting relief . However , they do need to correct this design flaw since the last two have failed the same way . When it begins to fail , the digital display on the control will flash on and off . It will then work for a few days and do it again . In a very short time it gets to the point that you have to push and pull the cord and actually fold the pad over to press down on the inside wiring to get it to heat up . If this had not happened so quickly to the last two of mine , I would think it was just an anomoly . But this last one failed even more quickly than the one before so I am convinced it is a design flaw . ********** Since writing this review , I decided to take my faulty pad apart and see if I could fix the problem . This involved removing the inner stitching across the bottom of the pad where the cord feeds out . Sure enough , there was a twisted wire way up inside which I straightened out and the pad is again working . Because I do n't have much confidence in how long it will work , I simply fastened the bottom back up with 4 safety pins so that I can access the inside wires again if need be . Just make sure you unplug it before you start working on it ! *******
 I bought this heating pad for for chronic back pain after trying many other cheaper brands . Out of the box the heating pad feels good . Its heavy and appears well built . It has a digital readout which shows the current temperature and allows you set the desired temperature and treatment time.The default starting temp . is 124 . Which in a short period feels too hot . This maybe because once the heating pad reachs 124 it turns off . But the temperature readout shows 132-134 . Once the unit shuts off when it reaches its target temperature , it cools off very quickly as far as the sensation of heat on your body . But the temperature readout will stay very high even though the pad feels cool . So you are continually turning the temperature of the pad up , so as to feel warmth . In 15 to 20 minutes you reach the maximum temperature that you can set the heating pad for , then the unit stops heating and your done.I tried laying the unit out flat and walking away . After 15 minutes the temperature still reads 142 . And this is the problem with this pad . What ever measures the temperture in this pad is so very very slow to react , that the unit is unable to deliver steady heat . In this regard its the `` same old '' , no better in delivering heat than a $ 10 heating pad.Also , forget about using the pad in a darkened room unless you take a flashlight . The digital read out has no backlight.The pad does deliver on its promise of moist heat .
 Product came without the factory box and missing instructions . Wrapped in flimsey cellophane and tissue paper -- seemed like a previously returned or used item !?!? Returned immediately !! VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH VENDOR AND AMAZAON !!!
 Very disappointing ! The description of this item said specifically that it was the Brand Name of TheraTherm . I 've tried a few and this is the best quality brand . When you 're talking about heat on a timer I need to feel confident in the quality of the product that it will shut off with timer . Big surprise when I opened the box and did not find the TheraTherm Brand but a very poor quality GJO Global brand . Anyone ever heard of them ? Very poor quality and controls made so cheap I ca n't trust the timer.I purchased this moist heating pad through Amazon and was surprised that Amazon allows this type of deceptive advertising . Does n't help me to trust ordering from Amazon with this deceptiveness . Like to get what I pay for and what I order.Moist Heating Pads - TheraTherm - Digital - Rectangular Blanket - 14 '' x 27
 It heat up fast but the shape does n't really attach to my skin while I sit . Therefore heat is not evenly transferred . I 'm a 5 ' 5 &#34; 115 lbs so may be its too big for me .
 I bought two of these larger pads and both have failed within weeks of each other . I am a therapist and have bought Thermophores in the past and thought I would give the Theratherm a try . The off gassing is terrible and both pads failed in under a year . I contacted Theratherm directly and they told me to contact where I purchased them from . I reminded them that the warranty was with them , but , they would n't help . So , I wasted $ 140 and will not be buying this again . Back to Thermophores and the consistent quality . My first one lasted 5 years , so I wo n't stray from the Thermophore brand again .
 The on and off button does n't work correctly.I ordered this in June and have only attempted to use it two times . I missed the window to return . I would go with a hospital grade product by Roberts . That is what I had before and that is what I wanted.I thought I was getting that quality.This was not .
 Recently purchased this pad after my old Sunbeam -LRB- owned for over 10 years -RRB- stopped working . I read all the glowing reviews and wanted it to work out . But - Out of the box it had a strange chemical odor that never went away . After using it for 15 minutes the odor invaded my shirt and lasted all day . That was enough of a reason to return it but it also developed a second problem . The digital temp settings are said to be adjustable with a low temp of 113 . Mine never was any lower than 128 - too hot for me even when I set it a 113 . Be aware that if you want a low heat setting than this pad is not for you.The obnoxious odor was deal breaker from the beginning . Returned and now looking for a replacement .
 Upon first glance this heating pad appears to be sturdy and well made . I thought it would work really well . Not so . I bought it for neck and upper shoulder pain and the pad did not sit properly to heat those areas . I put it back in the box and one week later took it back out to use . This time , it would not heat up at all . The controls would not operate , I followed closely all the directions but all I could get out of it was a high pitch squeal . I boxed it up and sent it back . This item is definately not worth the high price . I do compliment Amazon on their return process . There was no additional cost to me for shipping and the credit was applied within days .
 I was really surprised at the poor performance of this product after reading all the rave reviews . It probably removes about 50 % of the stain . I have bought grocery store products -LRB- Woolite Pet -RRB- that work better than this . Also , the can looks huge but because it 's aerosol it runs out very quickly . I would not purchase this product again .
 The product works really well . The problem is that it only covers about 2 sq ft per can . Not worth the money .
 I can still smell the Urine after using a whole can on an area about 3x3 ` I 'm not sure If the cats are still urinating in the area . Now it just smells like Urine and Chemicals .
 You can get a 15-pack of these bars for $ 14 at Sams Club . That 's about half as much as they charge here . So if you already pay for a membership to one of those clubs I recommend going there instead .
 I switched to this product from The Ultra One Touch and my results jumped almost 15 points . I adjusted my medication to bring it down to within normal limits . After 1 week I ran the Ultra One Touch and results were to low . I adjusted my medicine and went back to the One Touch . I even ran the positive control and everything tested fine . I 'm not sure the product is accurate .
 This is advertized as a kit , which contains a meter as well as other materials needed to get started . It is not . What arrived was just the meter and a handy carrying pouch which can hold all the things you will need
 My insurance company made me change to this meter . Using the multclix lancet I was not able to get a large enough blood sample with 1 click . So I wasted a number a test strips . I had to lance myself 2 or 3 times to get a large enough sample for the meter . This was at setting 6 . Even worse , the lancet would not withdraw after sticking me and would stay stuck in my skin . Yeah it hurt . I tried using the multclix for a few weeks and gave up . I threw it away . I went back to using my old lancing device . I have to use a higher setting than I did using the freestyle test strips , but I am able to get a sufficient sample for the meter . I do not recommend this product .
 I was sorely disappointed on receiving the package which does not include the 50 count test strip box or the 102 lancelets as given in the product description . It was totally misleading . Secondly , it is nowhere mentioned that you also need the control solution in order to start using the whole thing . I was planning to give it to my parents who are leaving the country shortly . Now I do n't have sufficient time to purchase the other items . Besides , I am not sure if I want to spend at least another $ 50 to make the kit useable . A total waste of money for me .
 These good reviews must be fake or those who reviewed it have never eaten any decent food in their lives . I just bought one bar from Wal-Mart and had a small bite . This thing does not even taste like food , but chemicals hidden in a bunch of cr * p. I had to spit it out immediately.Do not buy . Reviews seem to be fake too . Buyer beware .
 Quality is fine , but I sleep on my side , If you are a side sleeper , this mask is too bulky and bunch up between your face and the pillow ... . I need to find something much thinner , but just as sturdy ...
 I love Acqua Di Gio , so I thought `` A body spray ! How great is this ! '' It turned out to be a complete waste of money . I pulled off the cap , gave it a spray , and had to run to the shower to wash it off . It does n't `` accent '' the cologne at all . It just smells ... bad . You would be better of picking up some AXE at your local grocery store .
 The vendor advertised this one as a perfume , when I purchased this product . But I eventually got a deodorant . The smell is not so great , but the worst part is the vendor would not refund my money or exchange the product . Eventually I had to file Anazon A-Z claim and that 's when the vendor accepted this was a case of misadvertisement . I would never buy anything again from this vendor `` Applibite Stores '' .
 I bought two deodorant , it smell like a fake acqua di gio with a terrible smell .
 Please be careful on the item you order , he I am thinking Im getting the cologne and then they send me Deodorant Spray instead . But wait , heres the kicker , NOT REFUNDABLE-hazardous material !
 Acqua di Gio Armani Deodorant Stick is n't effective at all . It does n't go very far . In other words , it did not meet my expectations .
 No one bothered to contact me after I emailed the company TWICE about the product , at their company website - `` contact us '' -LRB- you know the tyoe of contact page that does not provide an email copy to you -- The malfunction symbol appeared after a few uses , so I spent $ 60 for nothing .
 The malfunction light came on after about 7 uses . Very unhappy I wasted my money ! Do n't buy ! This is not a cheap price to pay for a shotty product !
 This does almost nothing for odor even at first ... uh ... use , despite its entertaining fizzy property . Buy Liquid Gold -LRB- not the furniture polish ! -RRB- porta-potty cleaner/deodorizer instead .
 Over $ 25 . for the product and I was expecting a large container . It 's a pint size container with 6 plastic pellets of cleaner , which will not even be enough for our 11 day trip . Totally absurd !
 Wikipedia states chronic ingestion of silver willmake your skin turn dark blue permanently . **** Argyria **** . That is not an acceptable side effect .
 Before anyone takes anything associated with colloidal silver , please take the time to verify any claims associated with it and to search for reputable reports such as the Mayo Clinic and FDA -LRB- e.g. -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . I would not accept any reported claims without verified proof of validity . But that 's just my cautious nature .
 I 'm disappointed Amazon has made the colossally irresponsible choice to let a bunch a quacks use this website to peddle snake-oil . Just type the word `` colloidal silver '' in Google image search and see what this garbage does to your skin . Mayo Clinic has a good article titled `` Colloidal silver
 RESEARCH IT . There is a woman in my town whose SKIN TURNED SILVER-BLUE . She is NOT HAPPY . It has been 4-5 years and she had to get LASER SURGERY to get her skin to turn pink again.I do n't know what to do but the word about this needs to be gotten out . -LSB- ... -RSB- Just search for `` Calloidal Silver '' on Google , and then go to images . You will see real pictures .
 For those considering purchasing this or any other ingestible product containing silver , I give you Stan Jones -LRB- politician -RRB- , and a new word
 Dangerous product ! Please do your research before taking colloidal silver , as this can do permanent damage .
 I was about to purchase this product thinking the larger the PPM the better UNTIL I saw this information on Utopia Silver website : Q
 The taste is horrific and it turns my mouth and teeth yellow ... lol . Sometimes I swish it around my mouth diluted with water and smile b/c I look silly .
 For those of you worried about turning your skin a bluish color do n't be if you are taking true colloidal silver . Colloidal silver comes in nano-particle size and its never more than 10-15 ppm . At 500 ppm this product does interact with other chemicals in your body and thus the reaction . It states the silver is combined with a protein so they can get this high concentration . Science does not support this . Same goes for ionic silver . You want TRUE colloidal silver which states parts per million and nano particle size . Many silver products are just scams . Do the research and find the real thing . It 's not easy to do .
 I do n't often post negative reviews -LRB- and I doubt it will get many `` helpful '' ratings -RRB- but if this review encourages anyone who uses silver to do a little more research , it 's worth it.Please take just a second to do a web search for ARGYRIA before taking any product containing silver . Taking silver causes permanent gray skin coloration -LRB- argyria -RRB- in many people . It is irreversible . Some studies suggest it is also a neurological toxin . Furthermore , no legitimate published study has ever proven silver to be therapeutic for any condition.A technical but comprehensive report : Fung MC , Bowen DL -LRB- 1996 -RRB- . `` Silver products for medical indications
 I was excited when Now originally started repackaging Glisodin a few years ago since their prices are so good . However , when I started taking this I regularly experienced indigestion and could only conclude that it was the wheat grass they package in the capsule . Glisodin is manufactured by one company and simply repackaged by these vitamin suppliers so it should be the same ingredient from product to product . Furthermore I 've tried other Glisodin products and never had any of the similar indigestion problems.The real nail in this product 's coffin was when I emailed Now Foods with a detailed explanation that the wheat grass was giving me indigestion and that I would hope that they could manufacture a product with just Glisodin . I even explained that other Glisodin products do n't cause the same problems . The response I received was somewhat baffling as they claimed I could be having indigestion from the Glisodin !!! All I can gather from this is that their people ca n't read or are incompetent.If you want wheat grass get the juice since I 've never had indigestion problems with that . As for glisodin there are other competing products in the same price range that I would recommend over this since they are purely Glisodin .
 Just using it to cut braid fishing line , not wire or pennies or anything strenuous . The handle simply broke off at the front of the finger loop . Junk !
 I bought this product because I read about it in a book . Very disappointed . I think Pearl -LRB- get it from GNC -RRB- or Activ yogurt and cheese from the grocery stores work much better .
 I used this product for a few months and at first I was feeling really good , but after the month wore off I had to take more and more and it seemed like a constant expensive circleI did take the advice of one of your reviewers and went to the health food store and bought a good probiotic and that made a world of difference and I did save a lot of money and got much better results
 I ordered 2 boxes on Oct 26 . They are currently scheduled for delivery on Jan 17 , after being rescheduled twice . Do not believe the 3-5 week delivery estimate .
 Same thing happened to me -- I ordered a box , but there seems to be no intention of the item actually being shipped .
 This is with out a doubt the worst item I have ever purchased !! Cheaply made and designed . Once it 's folded and the sock is placed over it . It 's just about impossible to get your toe 's / foot into the opening to pull the thing over your foot ! I tried to do it a few time . I 'm going in for hip replacement surgery and could not imagine using this piece of garbag after surgery when I ca n't use it now . What a waste of time . So mad , I just tossed it in the trash !! Looks like I will be going sockless until I can find an assit device that works .
 This product is zinc gluconate.Zinc is better abssorbed in picolinate form than as zinc citrate or zinc gluconate . Reference
 This brush is much smaller than I had anticipated and is barely wide enough to be supported by astandard brush stand.The bristles are soft and comfortable against your face . The handle certainly appears and feels likeplastic to me so I do n't know what kind of `` all natural handle '' it is suppose to be?I would not purchase this brush again . While I personally do n't care what material the handle is madefrom I would have opted to spend more for a standard size brush . I have uploaded two pictures in customerimages above so you can get some sense of the actual size & appearance of this brush.Last but more Importantly I DO NOT BELIEVE THIS IS SILVER TIP BADGER HAIR . I have went to the manufacturerswebsite and translated it from Italian to English and they do not claim it to be sivler tip badger hair andthey specifically state that the handle is `` resin . ''
 bought this item and in a few weeks in a trip to the beach the pins that hold it together got lose -LRB- lost the bracelet -RRB-
 This stuff is awful . It stinks . It 's supposed to be unscented . Why does it smell worse than body odor ?
 The genuine aprilaire filters are expensive , and so I hoped to save money by buying these supposedly compatible filters instead . As you probably know , they are the `` accordion '' type of filter with lots of folds along the edges . That 's the problem
 Do not purchase this product unless given specific instructions from a physician . This supplement exceeds the upper limit of the daily recommended intake for zinc and therefore could potentially cause health problems if taken for a sustained period of time .
 I 'm in one of the top universities in the US . Thus , the pressure from school made me want to get it . This product just gave me massive headaches , and I would keep focusing on things that I should n't .
 Do n't buy this . It stains your teeth brown . Go look at all the reviews for the regular Crest Pro-Health rinse on this site . I predict the Cool Wintergreen version does the same thing , because it has the same active ingredient .
 ok had pet and husband with bad ear infections constantly . 1 this reaks of garlic i can not stress this enough . 2 . it gave my husband headaches , and 3 my dogs ear got worse . this is basically italian salad dressing they are trying to pass off as ear remedy . waste of money
 I had high hopes from reading other reviews all I got was a stinky ear ... would n't but this product again . sorry .
 I bought this item based on the good reviews , but it is n't working for me . No difference.I bought for a bunion , and it does n't stop any pain .
 The AccuMassage was * great * , but it broke within a week or two , right where a handle threaded into the `` massage '' part , so the design appears to be rather weak . The DaVinci tool is large enough that it was n't comfortable to use anywhere but my neck when resting on the floor -LRB- as the pictures suggest -RRB- . It could possibly work on top of a bed , with a pillow.In the end , after buying these -LRB- and other expensive -RRB- self-massage tools , I 've gone back to using a pair of tennis or lacrosse balls taped together to work up and down my spine , and tennis ball in a sock -LRB- as a handle -RRB- to maneuver into small , painful areas . For larger areas , I use a foam-padded PVC pipe -LRB- to replace the foam roller that compressed unevenly -RRB- . You might want to try these inexpensive alternatives for self-massage . I do n't recommend this set of tools .
 I followed the instructions on the package but the bag burst in the microwave after the first 4-5 uses ! I threw it away and did not try to return it because it would not have been worth the effort .
 The item I ordered -LRB- heat pad -RRB- was not shipped . Instead , I received a bottle of melatonin , which I promptly returned . After 4 weeks I still had not received a refund . I regard the supplier of this item to be highly unreliable based on this experience . Amazon has agreed to refund the amount charged to my credit card .
 We have used Lavoris as the best mouthwash for many years . The last two bottles we bought were terrible . They taste more like Listerine . I checked the label and found it was a new label . The ingredients and the sequence had changed . The writing on the label has also changed . The words claiming to have the least alcohol of any mouthwash have been removed . Also , the address for the distributor in Wisconsin has also been removed . I have written several times to the company to find out about it , and they do not answer my requests for information.If you are expecting the old great mouthwash you are accustomed to getting , make sure you get the old label , or you will be very surprised . I do n't know what we will do when the supply of the old formula runs out .
 I just bought a bottle of Lavoris and the formula has definitely changed . All the recent reviews are right , it is n't nearly as potent as it was before . The cinnamon flavor was much stronger in the older formulation . It does n't seem like the same mouthwash anymore . Do n't buy this until Lavoris decides to go back to the original formulation . It just is n't as effective as it was before -LRB- the formulation I tried two years ago -RRB- . I used to LOVE this mouthwash . Now it 's well below average.The bottle says
 I was looking for an explosive cinnamon mouthwash , but this was not it . It tastes like it is diluted with water . It actually left a poor taste in my mouth instead of giving me fresh breath . I feel bad throwing it away because it is such a large bottle , so it is sitting on a shelf . It may be OK for some who do not want a strong mouthwash , but it is not for me . Sorry Lavoris ! By the way , I love ordering from Amazon and will continue . This was just not the product I was looking for .
 Lavoris mouthwash is great . have used it for years . but be aware who you order from . i thought by the price that it was a box of 4 bottles for $ 13.25 but it turned out to be for 1 bottle . my fault for not checking closer but the seller is really cheating you at this price .
 Upon examining the contents of the kits , we noticed that the items were due to expire within 30 days . We returned them for a refund .
 I find this solution too streaky . It will leave a long trail after pumping out so it can be quite messy . Esp . when you want it in a hurry . The solution is very slippery which is a good thing but it leaves a long trail .
 There 's a slimy mess that comes out of the bottle that only washes off after a great deal of water and rubbing , and it is next to impossible to keep the slime from hanging in a thin line between the nozzle it comes out of and whatever you are applying it to . You 'll be in the shower for 10 minutes afterwards and then who knows what else it 's gotten all over in between . It 's so frustrating that it kills any mood , in fact it sours it greatly . I threw it away after a few attempts .
 I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT AND RECENTLY LET MY GIRLFRIENDS AT WORK IN ON MY LITTLE SECRET AT A TOY PARTY / THEY TOOK HOME SAMPLES OF MY SUPPLY AND NOW EVERY ONE COMES TO THE OFFICE WITH A SMILE IN THE MORNING AND STORIES TO TELL
 I mean no disrespect to AMAZON.com but come on guys . THis is a 3.00 item . Sure the product works . It is cold after you leave it in the freezer but who wants to pay all that shipping for an ICE PACK . Go to your local 5 and Dime -LRB- whiuch coincidentally costs more than five cents or a dime -RRB- and buy one .
 I was excited to find a child sized sleep mask for my son , he is 9 but it was too tight for his head . -LRB- he has the bodytype of an 8 yr old so buyer beware . -RRB- .
 I received BC-1HU Tenergy charger and multi battery pack promptly and started charging . First 4 AA charged fine ... then 4 D cells also seemed fine -LRB- All brand new Tenergy rechargeable batteries -RRB- . Then last night put in 4 more new AA 's and charging seemed ok at first ... solid red LED . Left batteries in over night knowing that charge is supposed to auto-trickle and auto-cutoff charging . Came in to office this morning and smelled burning electronic/plastic smell from charger ... green LEDs NOT lit ... no LED 's lit at all ... but the 4 AA 's were super hot ... not too hot to hold ... but close . I contacted Battery Superstore and they agreed to replace them . Then NOTHING happened . Over a week later and after 4 more emails and 2 phone calls , they finally made good on that promise.I received my replacement BC-1HU charger and 4AA yesterday . I attempted to charge those 4 new/replacement AA 's right away . Two of the four exhibited the same behavior as before ... that is to say they say two AA charged up in about 2 hours , the other two sat in there for 4 hours with the solid red led on and got really really hot , at which point I pulled them out . I was very disappointed . I then tried to charge my 4D cells ... because I had need of them right away . The charger indicated one of the four -LRB- which had charged fine in the prior charger once -RRB- was bad , by turning off the red led within seconds of insertion . I realize this is expected behavior if a battery is bad , BUT all these batteries are NEW and the D had only been charged once.Needless to say , I am GREATLY disappointed . I purchased Tenergy because of good ratings on Amazon . I waited a week to get the replacement charger and was willing to forgive what I thought was a one-off bad part . Now it looks to me like your company 's products are largely shoddy , unreliable , and poorly tested.Now I am requesting a full refund . We 'll see how long I have to wait for that .
 This batteries lasted about 2 cycles before they would no longer hold a charge . What a colossal waste of money ! I would have been better off buying disposables . Save your money .
 I bought these batteries expecting to be able to reuse them in our newborns toys . To my surprise every kids toy we have requires 1.5 volt batteries and all of the batteries I received are 1.2 volts ! Unfortunately I did not find out about this until I charged and started trying to use the batteries . For new parents especially ; if you are buying rechargeable batteries , make sure that you verify the proper voltage .
 It 's a height adjustable metal walking stick that is very light weight and has a foam covered handle . It 's grip is comfortable , and has a wrist strap . It 's good to assist with balance & very light . Howeverit feels flimsy to me , and it 's use is stictly limited to assisting with balance . The foam handle is comfortable , but it has the potential to become dirty and does n't feel durable . This grip could also be a problem if it becomes dirty , and time will let me know how long it lasts . It makes a noise during use , as if the height adjustment does n't tighten completely . It is very light , but with the flimsy feel , I would think a folding type metal stick would work as well & be easier to carry when not in use.I like a hardwood `` Ash '' stick with a leather covered ` Derby ' handle . My preference with the Ash wood stick , it 's heavier , but still less than a pound , still has a `` soft '' handle , it 's also more costly , but it has more `` substance '' , while still being comfortable for my grip . These trade offs are more suitable for me , but to each their own .
 I have a cane by same company that is really light and easy to use . I ordered 2 additional canes to keep in car and work for easy access . But these canes are very heavy compare to the one I already have . Bad choice on my part .
 I ca n't tell you why , but Padma Basic causes my blood pressure to spike . Clearly it 's not for everyone . There must be some herbs in the formula that do n't agree with me .
 Maybe padma 28 may work but this is reformulated in the USA to Padma Basic . The formula isnt the same . Have atherosclerosis and no way of knowing if this has improved without extensive testing . It did not reduce my cholesterol by much 251 to 249 and LDL rose from 163 to 167 . Also been on a diet and lost 20 pounds . I took Padma basic for 8 months -LRB- 4 a day -RRB- Although I did notice an improvement in my asthma as i havnt had to use a spray for about 6 months but didnt seem to inprove my cholesterol count and thats what I bought it for . If i re-take atherosclerosis tests I will add to this review . In my opinion I think Padma 28 from europe would be a better choice if one can find it as thats where the good tests and data comes from .
 I just finished taking Padma Basic capsules for 4 weeks , to treat advanced osteoarthritis of hands and fingers , with Dr. approval . Took as directed ; 2 capsules , 3 times per day 1/2 hour before meals . Unfortunately there was no change in swelling , stiffness or joint pain in hands , fingers or anywhere else but figured it was worth a try to avoid prescription medication and their undesirable side effects .
 Tried it for 3 months . Nothing had happened . The only thing happend was just dent of my wallet . It 's a waste of money !
 When I order items from amazon or any products for home delivery I expect some rough handling throughout shipping , that 's why I do n't order a dozen eggs or Faberge eggs for that matter . A Stainless Steel Spur should be ok to get to my home in decent condition , it is STEEL ! Well that 's not the case with the one I received , several of the spikes were bent on the wheel . To just blame the mail carrier would be easy but the perfect condition of the envelop makes me doubt that , this was just poor follow through on the part of the shipper hobbytoolsupply . It took me two seconds to examine the spur and grasp that several of the spikes were bent , you would think at least they could do that , is this really too much to ask ?! Good thing there are many other choices in who I buy from , because if I see the name hobbytoolsuply next to a product I 'm moving on ... and I recommend you do the same .
 I ordered this wax as an alternative to buying a whole setup with a warmer and all the accessories that come with it . The convenience of being able to microwave the wax is excellent . However , it is VERY sticky . I accidentally drip on one thing or another each time I wax , and this stuff is impossible to get off . Not to mention the stickiness it leaves on my skin that soap and a loofah will not remove . My husband got used to seeing lines of lint stuck to my legs for 2 days after waxing with this stuff just because I could n't get it all off and it would rub on my clothes . I did not use one of the Gigi brand wax prep or wax removal products so I can not say if that would have helped or not , but frankly I do n't want to have to buy a whole product line to wax at home . If I need to spend that kind of money I 'd rather save myself the space and trouble and go to the salon . It did work to remove most of the hairs on my legs , but needed to be reheated a couple times in the process to keep it warm . I tried putting it in a shallow pot of boiling water after I heated it in hopes of keeping it warm longer , but this only helped a little and I ended up with wax permanently affixed to my saucepan . Also , you might want to patch test your skin . I tried this on my husbands back and he broke out in the worst case of pimples afterwards and I felt so bad for him . I would n't buy this product again . I was going to risk it with their sensitive skin creme version to see if it 's less sticky and less irritating , but once I received the wrong item in the mail , I quit Gigi entirely and went to another brand .
 As I write this review , I am sticky with the honey that will not come off . Nothing I do will remove it , except polish remover which I used to remove it from my fingers . I am not about to rub polish remover all over my face ! I have used other honey wax from another company , and never had this problem.I am going to tell everyone I know how terrible this product is .
 Frankly , this product is absolutely useless considering the residue that it leaves on your skin . Usually most honey wax products are water soluble but this one is a toto disappointment ... finally I had to shell money on buying the wash off residue lotion as well ... I may as well go the salon and get it done ...
 Also as a dental professional , I would have to disagree with the author that wrote `` Listerine is a Great Product to Keep your Teeth and Gums Healthy '' . True , Listerine does kill bacteria and organisms that cause many oral issues , however , it 's effectiveness does not last as long as you may think , at most 1-2 hours after rinsing . Listerine has been shown to cause xerostomia or dry mouth due to its high alcohol content -LRB- 26.9 % - highest of all rinses -RRB- , which can cause an increase in bacteria growth . If you already have dry mouth , Listerine will exacerbate your condition.Xerostomia can also increase your chances of cavities . Whenever you eat or drink something that 's acidic , saliva acts as a buffer and reduce the acidity making your mouth basic again - which is good . Acid etches teeth creating pores in your enamel , thus , weaken your teeth . If your mouth is constantly acidic throughout the day , your chances of developing cavities is much higher . The alcohol content of Listerine can also weaken your tooth color fillings.Healthy teeth and gums are the result of good oral hygiene practices . Which include brushing and flossing correctly . Brushing your teeth with Listerine in place of your tooth paste is not recommended . You do n't have to brush with tooth paste , water alone will do the job just fine , however , tooth paste has fluoride that your teeth need to help strengthen your teeth on a daily basis . It 's effectiveness is based upon your brushing time . The recommended brushing time with or without fluoride is at least 2 minutes.The author states that Listerine can reduce your colds and flues . Personal hygiene habits will help you prevent this . You can also prevent colds and flues by washing your hands well before you use them to put anything in your mouth.If you absolutely love this stuff and must use it , please only rinse after you brush and use it at minimal . Again , the alcohol in Listerine will etch your teeth leaving them porous for a while and if you brush , you will be removing a micro layer of your enamel.It has been recommended that recovering alcoholics should not use this product due to it 's high alcohol content.I do not recommended this product . If you want to freshen your breath , Breath RX does a wonderful job .
 I have sensitive teeth ; last year , I had the unfortunate idea of using Listerine mouthwash -LRB- just because I saw a TV advert for it -RRB- . Well , after using it for a couple of times only , I had the very unpleasant surprise to find my teeth had become very sensitive and slightly more transparent near the edge -LRB- maybe because I had used it together with a strong toothpaste like Fluocaril Bi-Fluor &eacute; -RRB- . Now my teeth have become so sensitive that I can not stand hot or cold drinks , or eat certain foods any longer -LRB- peaches , let alone lemon or vinegar -RRB- , and are painful in the cold season.Even one and a half year on , the problem is still there , and has worsened if possible.I do n't know what kind of damage this mouthwash caused to me , but I would n't recommend this to anyone , plus , I am very disappointed because it should have at least a warning on the box that it 's not recommended for people who have sensitive teeth.So , do n't be fooled by the ads and DO N'T BUY IT if you have sensitive teeth .
 The label information for this product was not made available by Amazon . I took a chance and ordered anyway . Now I am disappointed because when I got the product and read the label I found way too many additives .
 ordered a 9-month supply but it came with a 3-month expiration date . I realize the packer had no idea my intended use -LRB- 2/day -RRB- but he/she should have packed for at least one pill per day per bottle . anything less that 300 days made no sense . -LRB- have used this product for years so I was expecting my usual good product . the bad expiration date was a disappointment . -RRB-
 table top rocks back and forth you ca n't put it in the tilt postion because every thing on table will fall off there is no ledge to hold anything on the table
 Even though this product met my needs it came in bad shape . The damage was to the top of the table in 2 places and I did not have to time to send it back and have it replaced or get my money back . It was a lot of money to waste on poor packaging from the vendor .
 The height-adjustment lever on the side of the tabletop does nothing , and a little downward pressure near the end of the tabletop where the lever is causes the tabletop to quickly drop down as low as it goes.Note that the height-adjustment lever was already assembled with the tabletop , so there was nothing for me to do . The lever feels completely loose , in that there is no engagement into anything that I can tell , that would cause it to lock the current height in place.In effect , this overbed table is unsafe and useless at any height other than its lowest tabletop height of about 36 inches.In summary , it 's a 36-inch high tabletop . Not completely useless , but nearly useless for my dad .
 We own 4 Fun Factory vibes , each one has some sort of problem and this is no exception . This product arrived and the + / - speed did not work at all out of box . product operates , single sped , no means of turning off without removing batteries . Layaspot was not a big hit with the Mrs. so I can not give this a favorable review . For the money , we would expect more from German design and quality . All our fun factory products have speed control or noise issues . Too bad because they are aesthetically good and excellent design , I think they need better internal control electronics .
 Just does NOT get the job done . A simple Pocket Rocket - or pretty much anything else at all - works better.I 'm surprised that it 's not a better product since Fun Factory is known for quality ... not that the quality seems poor , but it just does n't do the trick , so in my book , that makes it useless and a waste of money ...
 Both legs wobble and do n't feel very secure when using the handle . I bought a Carex toilet rail at walmart for $ 35 and feels more secure and has padding on the rail which is nice .
 Easy to fit on the toilet , but it wiggles and there is no way to secure it . I would n't advise using this if you need to put full weight on it or if the person using it is incapacitated .
 While this item works , it is not very steady . It needs a support rail in the front also to prevent it from waving back and forth.I would not want to depend upon this for a very elderly or unsteady person .
 Medline Toilet Safety RailsThough it was very easy to install , the arms wiggled too much , making the user feel very insecure . The company was great about refunding my money , but told me to just throw the rails away . That kind of makes me think the company is not that confident of the integrity of the product .
 Unit is flimsy and poorly constructed . Handles wobble badly and give unstable support , especially for any persons that have limited strength and stability . If someone slips and falls hard against the unit , it is unlikely to support there weight and stop them . Unit is only attached by the existing toilet seat bolts , which are not designed to support this type of stucture . On the good side Amazon was accommodating when I returned the product .
 This item is not stable , it is a temp fix for small adults ! Unstable legs cause , it legs has no bracing ! It was bought for lack of space in room toilet is ! The chairs do not fit , have wall bars up , but with surgery on knee you need all the help you can get when you live alone ! I will use it and figure out out to stabilize it , the rear bar does not fit my toilet , so I will figure something out !
 We ordered the Medline Toilet Safety Rails after doing a lot of research on which rails had the most adjustability . The Medline rails have two height adjustments - the legs , and the arms.Our rails came from EVA Medical Group , fulfilled by Amazon . We ordered three products in the order , two of which EVA was the supplier of.We received Lumex rails , NOT Medline , and NOT the same product . We called Amazon and they are sending the correct Medline rails , sold by Amazon -LRB- not EVA -RRB- , and are shipping them overnight at their expense.Based on ordering two products from EVA , and having BOTH of them replaced with different brands / products , I would NOT recommend anything that EVA is selling on Amazon - you can not trust that they will ship the correct product.The same products on EVA 's site are not price competitive .
 Why make a toilet safety seat that is so high , that no one can use it ? The angular design upword has no benefit and hinders the use of it to worthless . It does not adjust down , even at the feet of the device . Total garbage . Wish i never got it for my mother . -LSB- i ca n't use it either and i am 3 inches taller than she is -RSB- ...
 This product was extremely unstable . There was 3-4 inches of lateral movement in each of the arms . It was purchased for our son who needs help stabilizing himself to stand at the toilet . With the arms having that much play it did him no good . Hopefully the return process will go well .
 I purchased this item for my dad , the rail are very loose ca n't standstill my dad almost hurt because of it , this was the worst equipment i ever bought ,
 This stuff not only does not work as advertised - it makes gum pain WORSE . I 'm experiencing a lot of gum pain and irritation following oral surgery . When I used Rincinol as directed , the irritation and pain got much worse . Note that such pain caused by `` Oral Surgery '' is one of the symptoms this medicine is supposed to resolve.Save your money . Do NOT buy this total rip-off .
 I really liked this device at first , because it held the pen at the angle my hand specialist said would relieve my pain . And it did . But the part that holds the pen is small - the smallest pen I have stresses it , and it broke today - about two weeks after I bought it . The other sizes are n't useful at because they either wo n't fit on my fingers or wo n't stay on . Unless you have a really thin pen or just need a short-term solution , I would n't recommend buying this product .
 It 's a great concept ... and if you do n't put a slightly too-big pen/pencil in it , it works great ! Unfortunately , it does not withstand much pressure and the pencil-grip piece broke in the first week . If you never plan on stressing it , it 'll work great . It holds the pen in a great position ; a fairly `` normal ' position . The company did offer to send an immediate replacement , however .
 Packaging -LRB- 100/box , 10 boxes/case -RRB- is convenient , individual packets are easy to open . However , the wipes tear very easily - exactly what you do n't want to happen in the process of creating a sterile environment ! I 've dealt with this issue by unfolding each wipe to it full dimension , then refolding it into thirds prior to use . I 'll try a different brand next time .
 Dynarex BZK Antiseptic Towelettes , 100/Box , 10 Boxes/CaseCAME AS 1000 DUMPED IN ONE BOX!GREAT TOWELETTE .
 This product is not real ipecac . It is a homeopathic placebo and will not induce vomiting .
 This product did nothing for me . I follow the dose instructions and did not see any results . It was defenetly a waste of money .
 If you understand homeopathy even a little , you know that substances that cause a given symptom in the body are used to actually relieve that symptom , but it must be a PERFECT match . I thought that this remedy was exactly what I needed for the type of morning sickness I was experiencing , but it did not help me at all . However , it did not cause any adverse side effects either so I consider it worth the try . -LRB- I do n't know if it made me vomit because I am already vomiting -RRB-
 If I would have known that the product would not work I would not have wasted my money on it .
 This product did not produce the desired results . The first two times I followed the instructions , the third time I double the quantity and still nothing . Considering the low cost and the shipping price it was not worth returning for a refund , I rendered the product to the garbage .
 Very disappointed in this product . The cost is high for it not to work.would like to have a refund
 I do n't know what changes were made to the product , but with the original version my teeth whitened immediately with one application . This does not seem to be as effective .
 Like another reviewer , this product did n't whiten my teeth.At first , I was surprise with all of the positive reviews for this product . Now , I realize that the positive reviewers ' teeth were probably an intense dark yellow and this product lighten them a few shades and now they are exhilarated.I went to the dentist to have the mouth trays created . I was given this product to use with the professionally fitted trays.I used Day White Excel 3 with 9.5 % strength for 1 hour each day up to 10 days . During and afterwards , I made sure to avoid staining foods such as ketchup , coffee , tea , soy sauce , berries , etc. . . My teeth are still not white . When I began whitening my teeth ; they were a light ecru/off-white in most places . They were yellow in a few places . Overall , I have really healthy teeth but I am picky about them looking good . So , I decided to whiten . This is the first time I have ever attempted to whiten my teeth.If you can live with only having light yellow teeth then use this product . If you want movie-star white , get laser whitening at your dentist.There are no whitening miracles in a pump !
 A caveat to this product and others like it . If you have naturally yellowish teeth , no amount of whitener will make your teeth brilliant white . It will lighten them a shade or two only . This product works best after you 've had a professional cleaning .
 Terrible ! After less than 5 minutes with the trays in my mouth , my gums were burning , aching , tender , swelling and dyed a very strange , light , almost white , color - pain ensued for more than an hour . Caused fast heart rate and headache - thought something was really wrong ... I do n't know what is in this product , who mixed this concotion , or what the mixture is , but you do not want it . At least I do not want it ... ever again .
 I 've purchased DayWhite from other vendors and never had a problem with the product . When I ordered from SmileMedic , I was unable to get a specific product expiration date from them , only that it would be 12-18 months . I believe I got a faulty product because I 've had trouble with the syringe tips popping off and the gel oozing into the case while being stored which exposes the remaining gel to air and ruins it . Also , the unopened tubes seem to have lost their potency despite having several months left on the expiration date . I found SmileMedic difficult to communicate with from the very beginning because they did not know everything about the product they are selling and will buy elsewhere in the future . It 's too much like talking to a wall to attempt an exchange at this point . Though I 'll take a loss on this purchase , SmileMedic has lost a repeat customer .
 After reading reviews , I carefully selected teh product that indicated it was the Discus Dental product as this is the one I purchased through my dentist and have had great success with . What I received was Phillips Zooma and as I was travelling in a few days , felt I would try it anyway . No matter how many &#34; best product award &#34; stickers you put on the box , does n't make it a better product . Just was n't as effective at whitening . Sent this feedback to the vendor as requested by Amazon prior to writing review , but did not receive a response of any kind . Seems fraudelent .
 Well , I bought this product because my anus was itchy . So when I got the tube in the mail , I immediately tried it out because I was in a hellish state . It gave me possibly 10 minutes of relief from my anal itching . After 10 minutes I was back to scratching . I even forgot I scratched there and I scratched my mouth . Was the worst experience in my life . I still have the aftertaste of Cortizone + My own anus . Beware of this product .
 These suppositories do n't work as well as the Tucks Internal Soothers suppositories which contain only cocoa butter , and they cause a gross `` leakage '' . You know what I mean . I would n't be upset if they were only ineffective , but causing gross side effects is too much . Yuck .
 This gum is great in the individual packs , but in the bulk 300-piece , all of the pieces are stale -- hard to chew and lacking in flavor .
 OK , I can see where they were going with this one . The Rock Chick is made out of firm but gentle silicone rubber , and has a C-shape , which is designed to stimulate both the clitoris and G-spot at the same time . Insertable into the handle is a one-touch mini-bullet vibrator to send vibrations throughout the toy . Now , instead of thrusting with this toy , you must rock back and forth -LRB- hence the name -RRB- , to move your body and the Rock Chick in harmony ... and beyond.In practice , though , this does n't quite make it . At least for my shape , the 4 '' length of the Rock Chick , plus its shape , just did n't work right . Also , while I have nothing against the mini-bullet vibe , it is far too small to send vibrations through to the tip of this toy , and is not even enough for the outside . Also , while the rocking motion is OK for solo play , we found it difficult to work comfortably into our love making.Now , even though the Rock Chick did n't work for me , I must say that there is nothing fundamentally wrong with this toy . Indeed , if you have the right shape , you will no doubt love this toy . But , while you might ... I did n't . Overall , I do not recommend this toy . -LRB- Review of Lover 's Choice Rock Chick Silicone Personal Massager -RRB-
 The battery wears out easily because all it accepts is small batteries . So it is a waste of money . I wish I could return it but it is too late !!
 Looks good on paper , but in execution flawed . Not the right ratio
 I saw a picture of this thing and I started envisioning all the great climaxes we would reach together.I was disappointed to say the least.It does n't fit me right . If the G is touched -LRB- not vibrated because the micro-mini silver is n't that powerful -RRB- then the C is not . If the C is getting the full effect from the vibrating mini , then the G is ignored.There were no directions , so maybe I am just doing it wrong ... but how is that possible ? I know where everything is on my own body!One review said it makes a great dog chew toy , and I would give it to my dog if I thought no one would know what it really was meant for .
 I loved the concept of this toy but I wish I had never opened it . As soon as I got it out of the packet I realised that the design of dildo seems to assume your g-spot is somewhere near your cervix . Maybe I have very strange anatomy , but my g-spot is no where near that deep . Worse , If I was to use it the way I intended to -LRB- sitting on it and grinding and rocking -RRB- the penetration was waaaay too deep for me to be pleasurable . If you like deep penetration and you have a fairly long vagina or you like your cervix being pummled , it might be ok . My hatred of this toy is mostly due to how excited I was by the concept . But the material feels nice , the vibrations and the shape of the vibe are good.bummer !
 If you 're a girl that is into tease & denial , this the toy for you ! You feel some stimulation , and it makes you try harder hoping to reach relief ... but as hard as you try , you wo n't reach orgasm with no other stimulation . It 's erotic torture , it 's tantalism ! So it could serve someone , somewhere ... but not me . Waste of money ... Also , is there an easy way to get the battery out ???
 Cell phone vibration level rivals this contraptionOne size does not fit allbutton switch on bullet broke on tryoutgreat dog chew toyThis thing made me so angry I threw it out in the yard .
 do not buy this item ... . I ordered this product and when arrive at home , was not complete !! , the vibrating part did not came , and one of the bottles were all over the basket . Amazon offered me a refund or change the product , I opted to change the product and for second time arrive at home with the vibrating part , but again and worst the glues from one of the bottles came all over the basket ... . So I just want my money back , I will try with another product call clone a willy . The only good thing is that the shipping was on time ... for nothing .
 I will keep this short and to the point . I rarely get cold sores but when I do they are big and ugly . I applied this at the first sign of a cold sore and it did absolutely NOTHING ! It still grew and developed into a full on sore . Save your money ! What did work , was tea tree oil and neosporin . Apply the tea tree first let it dry for about 30 minutes then apply the neosporin on top . Gone in 2-3 days .
 My husband cracked up when he saw that I had ordered this . He thought I was insane and that it would be pointless . I stood up for the veggie wash and argued its case.However , I have come to the conclusion that he was right . It does n't seem a whole lot more effective than running the fruit/veggies under water for a little while . I 'm not entirely convinced it does anything at all outside of smelling yummy .
 I was soo happy with this product and could n't find it locally any more . I ordered from store outsidse of Amazon . Two gallons , cause got a price reduction on second gallon . THEY CHANGED the recipe . There is no surfactant . There are no soap bubbles , even after shaking the gallon especially hard . It smells real nice , but it is useless for cleaning vegetables . I 've been ripped off !!!!! Will never order another product by this company again !!!!!
 I was disappointed that a product that touts itself as natural contains parabens that are cancer causing .
 the company was out of stock and was going to be delayed further and I needed to cancel the item and will repurchase .
 I assumed this at first but thought I 'd try them anyway . Because they are adjustable , they provide little support at the elbow . I purchased them to support my elbows during workouts . No matter how tight you make them , the elbow elastic does not support the elbow . The opening at the antecubital space -LRB- you ca n't see it in the picture because her elbow is not extended -RRB- causes pinching in that same area .
 I bought this for tennis elbow . I would get the soreness in the elbow area , some clicking and pain with lateral types of movement . This brace is not very effective . What I found helped a lot was braces / supports which are specifically for tennis elbow versus something like this product which had generic support claims .
 WARNING
 I heard graviola was good for cancer . I took religiously for months . Save your money . This , in my opinion is a waste of money , and using false hope as a sales tool . The seller was fast with order , just do n't order this . TASTES LIKE CRAP.Bladder removed 2012 . . it 's your money !
 I was enthusiastic about this product when I got it . It was light and seemed great for when I travel and for use at home . That 's why I gave the board 2 stars , nice idea , just extremely poorly implemented.This particular item is basically a cheap picnic cooler lid with a handle on it . It is entirely hollow and so , though no doubt it will hold for a while of irregular use by the very light , and even managed to work well for me at 175lbs for 2 weeks , it buckled in the middle and would have collapsed if I had n't put an upended plastic bucket under it to support my weight . Mine is an entirely ordinary tub and the board even hangs out over the edge -LRB- in other words , it is n't at its limits as to size -RRB- , and as said I weigh 175 lbs -LRB- I 'm 6 ' and athletic , which is to show I 'm no very short Kevin Smith with a chip on my shoulder -RRB- , but I see no weight limit on the product information . It reminded me of a product made by war profiteers from days of yore , an appearance of utility , but with shoddy , rapacious manufacturing that is in fact dangerous for the user .
 I just returned this to Amazon for a refund . I found that on even the highest setting it gave off almost no heat . I do not know if this was due to a defect , or if they are all like this . I see some other reviewers had the same problem , so I think they are just badly made . I went to the local drug stores here in NYC -LRB- Rite-Aid & Duane Reade -RRB- - all their heating pads are by `` KAZ '' -LRB- the brand -RRB- which I bought . It was only $ 17 , but gets blazingly hot .
 This just does n't heat hot enough . There is no discernible difference in the heat settings . Sometimes it feels like it has turned itself off even if the indicator light is on high . But what I really did n't like is a tag on the cord indicating it contains lead and that I should wash my hands after use !! What is that about ?? Who wants to jump out of bed to wash their hands after this thing has supposedly eased their cramps -LRB- or other aches & pains -RRB- before sleep ?? Does this mean all my appliance cords contain lead ?? I will be forever washing my hands ! How about just not putting lead in the cord ??
 While this is a great shape and design , I found it to be the most unreliable of the heating pads I 've purchased in the last several years.It started by heating irregularly about a month before it quit . Then one night after being turned off , it just would n't turn back on . This may just be a fluke , but I would n't order this pad again .
 I ordered this item for my Aunt who is going through Chemo . Not the point though , just found out from her this week that it has never properly worked . She will plug it in and within 5 minutes the auto turn off is flashing and turning off , at that point the pad must be unplugged and let set for 5-10 minutes before plugging back in . Would not recommend this to anyone and would return if I had found out sooner .
 I purchased one which failed after 3 weeks of simple use . I exchanged it for another which failed a week after the return window . Bummer !
 I think this is the first time I 've reviewed an item on Amazon . I bought this heating pad and it worked for the first 2 hours but it never really got hot . After about 2 hours a red light started blinking on the controller . I unplugged the pad and plugged it back in , the light still blinks and the pad wo n't warm up . I read the directions wondering if this was some sort of bizarre auto-off function but it 's not . The product is busted so i 'm off to return it . Luckily Amazon will pay the return shipping since the product is defective.It says `` MADE IN CHINA '' so the quality control is most likely poor . Half the pads probably work well ; I just happened to receive a lemon .
 Was nice for 3 months . Auto shut off is a nice feature , Hot setting was hot enough .
 Sunbeam Health at Home HeatFlex Stingray Shaped Heating Pad with 4 Heat Settings and 2 Hour Auto-Off , GreyThis has to be one of the worst products that I have ever purchased from Amazon . I plugged it in days ago and I am still waiting for it to warm up . Only one small area in the very center of the pad gets minimally warm . I am extremely unhappy with this product and will be returning it for a refund !
 Should have heeded all the reviews that say that this pad does n't get hot enough . The highest setting is barely warm . Also , the microfiber/polyester is quite scratchy and full of static . This is definitely going back to Amazon .
 Loved this pad , used it a few times a month . Bought it in July , it died in May.Now trying to get Amazon to refund my money.Customer beware .
 This heating pack is HORRIBLE . The highest setting is barely warm . This may be the worst purchase I have ever had off of Amazon !!! DO NOT BUY this product .
 waste of my money , it is not hot enough for anything ! nerver buy it again i wish i can return it if i buy in a store . forever no heat i can call .
 Model 816 does NOT have a provision for adding water for moist heat as stated in the description and as represented in the photo . This is an ordinary dry heating pad with no special features that have n't been around for decades .
 I purchased this product in January of 2008 , and used it for the remainder of last winter . It worked well for lower and upper back pain caused by cold weather , and the three heat settings were nice to be able to customize the heat . However , this winter , it simply stopped working . The `` high heat '' light flashed on and off -LRB- as it does when it auto-shut off after two hours -RRB- , and unplugging/plugging it back in did not fix the issue . Removing the cord , and re-inserting it did not fix the issue . My guess is there is something wrong in the wiring that is sending a signal that the unit is overheated and has forced an automatic shutoff . While it was a good heating pad , it only worked for 3-4 months before breaking . I 'll be looking for a non-Sunbeam brand to replace this , as this was the second Sunbeam heating pad I 've had that stopped working for no reason .
 The soft flexible design of the heating pad is exactly what I was looking for ! It incredibly comfortable.unfortunatly the pad just does not get hot enough to give any pain relief which is ultimatly the most important benefit of this product - I will have to go back to the terrible plastic cheapo heating pad I was using .
 I purchased this product for lower back pain because I thought the shape of the heating pad would work well . But after receiving it learned it was meant to be to place on top of painful area only . Leaning against it creates too much heat very quickly even on the lowest setting . If you need back pain relief , search heated lumbar support , also available on Amazon .
 The pad was as described with the exception of the chemical odor which the pad gave off . I had to return the pad as the odor was too strong .
 Have purchased 3 Sunbeam heating pads . They work great until the red light starts flashing and it stops working . Followed instructions from `` customer service '' to unplug to reset but it still does not work . The `` non-human '' customer service recommended I take it to my nearest service center over 200 miles away . This seems to be a continuing problem with all Sunbeam heating pads . Will be looking for another brand .
 I actually really liked this heating pad with it 's auto shut off and hourglass size until it broke just shy of 3 months . : -LRB-
 I bought a heating pad at Amazon and when I plugged it init did n't work . I sent it back and asked for them tosend me one that did work and instead they refundedmy money . So I went locally and bought a heating padthat works . I was very disappointed in the way thiswas handled.Mrs . Olga Fox
 I 'm not as excited as I had hoped to be with this little heating pad . It 's actually a huge disappointment.While there is is always a lack of heat extending to the edges of a heating pad , on this one it 's a good 2 '' all the way around that does not heat up . That leaves you with a very small amount of heated real estate on the pad - particularly with the shape of this item . The limited space being heated is the heart of my dissatisfaction , as I had hoped the hourglass shape would actually give a better experience than the standard rectangular shape . In reality , only the very center of the pad seems to heat up at all.Another reviewer had mentioned that there is little to no difference in heat intensity between low and the medium or high settings . I also found this to be the case . There is a very incremental difference between the low and medium settings ; for the life of me I do n't feel any variation between medium and high settings . The real take away is that the warmest settings are just not very hot.I do like that this is washable , and that the remote has an auto-off function - that 's what led me to take a chance on this item . The cord is very long and gives a lot of flexibility to sit with the heating pad a distance from where it is plugged in . Overall though , I would NOT recommend this heating pad . Unless you 're willing to settle for approximately 6 `` x8 '' of actual heat pad , you 'll probably be happier with another product .
 I bought this about 4 or 5 months ago . When I first got it , it worked fairly well on the lowest setting . Although with in days the heat seemed to fluctuate from warm to less warm . That problem has only gotten worse with use . I now use the medium to high settings trying to maintain a constant heat . Also , occasionally it wo n't turn on . . it 's red light just blinks . I then have to unplug and re-plug in device to get it to work . It 's not worth the money and I am currently looking for something better !
 What a waste of money ! I was happy when the pad arrived because I liked the extra soft cover . I used it about 6 times and it started flashing the `` hot '' light . I tried unplugging it , plugging it back in , selecting the low heat . After 5 seconds the `` hot '' light starts flashing again . When we called Sunbeam , they said I must have used the pad incorrectly
 This hot pad worked for 2 weeks . . now I have to reset it about every 10 minutes because it does not stay heated.I would not buy one of these again .
 the heating pad just does not get hot enough . I do like the shape and stitching , it does n't get wrinkled .
 I am a cocker spaniel breeder and do my own grooming . I bought this blade because it was cheaper . Save your money and buy the Oster Brand for a few dollars more .
 I got the Nature 's Answer Sambucus and was disappointed to know that it is a GMO product . It has soybean oil in it and they have not disclosed the same on the label anywhere . I talked to the consumer division and they told me the same . I will not give any points to this product . Ethics is priority number 1 for me to make a decision . second , i will never be happy taking this knowing that it has GMO contents .
 This product was too chalky ! I 'd rather swallow the big pills than choke through eating these huge wafers ! You must also consume several wafers to meet the dosage .
 I chose this product because I have trouble taking pills . I have gotten many types of chewable vitamins before , and while many do n't taste great , they are usually tolerable . When these arrived , my husband and I each took one . We could n't wash the taste out of our mouths fast enough . I am throwing out the rest of the bottle . Ca n't tell you if they help arthritis as they are inedible .
 It does have a hard bristle head , but the head broke in 3 pieces the 2nd time I used it.I would not order another .
 MY WIFE DOES NOT LIKE THE MOST COMMONLY SOLD , SOFT OR MEDIMUM . WHEN I FOUND THESE ON LINE SHE WAS HAPPY . AFTER TRYING , SHE WAS SUPRISED TO SAY THEY ARE `` TOO HARD '' DO YOU HAVE SOMETHING VARY FIRM BUT NOT SO VARY HARD ? HER NAME IS ANN AND IF YOU WISH TO CONTACT HER USE THIS EMAIL ADDRESS
 The drain is located on the side of basin not the bottom like it should be . This does not allow the soapy water to completely drain out . We had to tilt the basin to one side to get it to drain causing discomfort to the patient . Poor design . Plus for $ 65.00 you would think the drain hose would have been long enough . I had to go to the hardware store and buy a longer one.Very dissapointed overall .
 My wife liked this scalp massager and found it relaxing , but did n't imagine using it on a regular basis . I am starting to bald slightly and found the tips of the massager painful . They poked my head and actually hurt . I will not use this again . The tips need rubber or silicon on them .
 When I received the item it was already opened and this was suppose to be an xmas gift . I contacted the company and they said they would send me another one and never did . I will NEVER DO BUSINESS with these guys again .
 I bought this andBody Back Company Scalp Massagerat the same time to see whether the motorized version was better , and if so how much . This motorized head massager has much sturdier prongs and a strong little motor , so much so that it was n't relaxing . More irritating , and slightly painful . I could n't make it comfortable.Thesimple version , on the other hand , was / great / . And only $ 4 at the time of this review . My advice ? Save $ 16 and buy the simple version . Endless , cheap , source of relaxation for the price of a good mocha . If you really want to spend $ 20 on a head massager do n't repeat my mistake . Buy 5 of theother oneinstead . You can keep two spares and still make two new friends out of the deal by giving the others away ; -RRB-
 Very disappointed in this product . The wire prongs are very stiff and hard and not at all soothing for a massage . I would have returned it straight on if I had n't already opened it . My only recommendation is not to buy it .
 It could be great if it was made sturdier . The tip of one of the prongs that massages the scalp came off a few days after use making it impossible to use because it is all metal and sharp and will injure the scalp and the whole portion that fits into the handle falls out constantly so you have to keep reinserting it in order to use it .
 I purchased a ten pack of cheaper manual head neck scalp massagers as well as this motorized one . The cheap ten pack ones worked great and send chills down your spine and feel good . This motorized one does not feel good at all . The times are very stiff and kind of dig in real quickly . Not a very pleasant experience . The vibration does not help . The unpowered manual ones -LRB- with soft times -RRB- do just fine and are much better in comparison .
 Sent it back ! It did n't work ! Piece of junk ! They replaced it with a non electric one . Needless to say it went in the trash !
 The batteries that came with the product did n't work , they did n't fit and damaged the battery encasement . The use of AAA batteries allowed me to operate the product but the batteries become displaced after a few minutes of operation . The batteries that came with the product resemble AA but are not actually AA because I tried them in my TV remote and they did n't fit . If the product actually worked for more than 2 minutes at a time with a standard type of battery it would be a decent product but as it stands it was just a waste of money . . Unfortunately , it 's too late to return it because the packaging went out with recycling yesterday .
 I thought that this would be an amazing product . I had tried one at a party that was non motorized and I wish I would 've saved my money from this purchase . The motor is too strong and it feels like a jack hammer on top of your head and the ` arms ' are so stiff quite honestly - it just plain hurts . I now will be spending extra $ $ to get the plain old fashioned $ 2 non motorized version .
 I was sent a different toothbrush then what was pictured.I know its just a toothbrush but you take a gamble of what your gon na get when you order stuff over the internet .
 First , this is Dr. Thomas Balmer , dentist . I do not like the bristles on this toothbrush . I was unable to see the bristles plainly nor was there a good written definition of what I was buying . They are now in the garbage .
 i ordered the coconut glycerin as stated and got reg !! i already have this product now have to much ...
 The worst epilator I have ever had . Really . It just does n't work at all , maybe it would only on really long and thick hair . On mine it just did n't do anything . Unbelievable , but true . I tried it for 15 minutes and maybe got only couple hair out , I just kept scrubing my leg with it , but not for good at all . I 'm really dissapointed and have wasted my money for totally nothing !
 Awful ashtray it broke the first day of use . It did not work at all . I was looking forward to using it Inferior item
 If you are an occassional smoker , this is the one for you . The batteries do n't last very long so if you are someone who smokes alot , spend a little more and get the better one .
 UNABLE TO TRY THE REPLACEMENTS BECAUSE ASHTRAY CAME BROKEN AND COMPANY HAS YET TO REPLACE IT . VERY SLOW TURN AROUND REPLACEMENTVERY DISSAPOINTED
 I was very excited to recieve this to help my mother 's circulation . I read all of the material I could get on this and not once is there a warning on who can or can not use this . So pay attention folks : Do not use if you have a pacemaker , have had , currently have or might have heart or vascular problems , high blood pressure , or are recovering from injury or surgery.I was very disappointed thinking this would be wonderful on my mothers legs but , since she has a pacemaker she can not use . It could damage the pacemaker and or could cause a blood clot.I wish this reveiew was up here before I purchased it !
 If you want to waste your money this is what to waste it on . I purchased this at $ 15.99 at Walgreens . It does NOT massge your legs . It simply inflates and deflates and inflates again like a blood pressure monitor cuff . It has so much tubing on it I almost strangled myself putting the boots and thigh wraps on . And it made the most hideous high pitched squealing as it inflates that my dog was howling . I took it back to Walgreens an hour after I purchased it .
 It did not meet my expectations . The massage did not relieve the pains in my legs.Air Press - Air Massage Boots - Leg Massager
 As a massager this leaves a little to be desired , a lot if you have ever had a good leg massage ... but I bought this as an aid to get rid of / and control the edema in my feet and ankles.The medical compression boots are 129.00 each , so I thought that I would try these.They did work for my problem and if I could give them a 5 star rating for this I would , but they only get a 2 for a massager !
 I used the safer bather a few times and thought it was very useful . Then it started to smell !!! I washed it three times and could not get the smell out . Also , I noticed a rash on my daughter 's back and arms around the same time of the smell . I threw out the safer bather and used the sling from her newborn tub and shower combo -LRB- on this website -RRB- . It works much better and it is easy to clean .
 This bath is very comfy for babies and worked well for our newborn during sponge baths . However , if you use it in the tub it needs to be washed in the wash machine each time to prevent it from getting smelly -LRB- and totally useless -RRB- . Plus , if your baby poops during the bath it can stain the material .
 Friend recommended this bather . I used plastic tub first 3 months , when baby outgrew it I gave this cushion a try . I have a double kitchen sink ; cushion took up too much room so I 've been using it in the bathtub . I 'd rinse it and hang it to dry and it would still be wet the next night . It 's been 3 months now and mildew is starting to form . I also did n't like the way baby layed down flat during bath . I am going to buy a toddler tub asap .
 We bought this product for use after our baby out grew his spa baby -LRB- LOVE THE SPA BABY ! -RRB- When we got it , it was a little misshapen . After a month of use and through drying after each use , this thing stunk like mildew ! I threw this thing away and now I am buying a bath chair . My advice would be to buy a spa baby for months 1-5 and a bathing chair for months 6 + . Dont waste your $ $ on this moldy thing ! : -LRB-
 I purchased this to use while giving my 3 month old son a bath in the sink . I found it to be too awkward to use in the sink . I was unable to keep my son 's head elavated without having to hold him up . It might work better in the tub with more room .
 We got this bath pad for our 3 month old and initially loved it , as he sat there so comfortably while we washed him , but within even the first month he started getting a horrible rash on his back due to contact with the bath pad . We have always cleaned and hung to dry , but we live in a warm climate and clearly the mildew grows inside of the mat unless you have professional drying equipment . To avoid buying another pad we have attempted to use wet towels over the pad so that his skin does not come in direct contact with the infected pad , but unfortunately this does not appear to be enough . Our baby is now six months and has an ongoing and painful looking rash on his back where it has been touching the bath pad.BOTTOM LINE
 I may have gotten a lemon on this one but after just one bath I was already getting mildew just from hanging it in the shower . Weird .
 I searched and searched and thought I found the best thing . That is until it started smelling of Mildew a month later . The concept is great if you want to buy a new one every month.It is also hard to keep your baby warm , you ca n't get their body in water without it coming up to their ears .
 I have been using this bather for about 4 months now . I loved it at first . It made bathing baby very easy and she did not slip and slide all over the place . I bought a hook to hang on the wall so that I could hang it up and it would drain and dry properly . However , after about 4 months I started to notice that it was beginning to get small moldy spots . I located my `` instruction sheet '' that came with the bather and followed the washing instructions . No luck . The moldy spots were still there . I have decided not to use it any longer .
 mildews so bad ! i bought a second one thinking that I was doing something wrong . I rinsed and even put outside every night to dry completely . I now need to buy a bath for my 6 mo old since she cant sit up all that great just yet . i emailed the company and this is what they said _____________________________________________________________ Hello-We are sorry to hear about the problems you are having with your bather.While the bather is not mildew proof , it will resist mildew with proper care and maintenance . This product may develop some mildew if you use a baby shampoo that contains skin conditioners such as aloe , vita E or any type of moisturizing lotion.The care instructions are on the label , but you can wash your bather in the washing machine gentle cycle and use a non-chlorine bleach if needed . Be sure and allow your bather to air dry in a well-ventilated area . Leave the bathroom door open and do not store behind a shower curtain.Please contact us if we can be of further assistance . _____________________________________________________________ I did n't use any of the products that they listed and it still got moldy
 I can see that it would be comfortable but it was easier to bathe without this bulky item ... . Would not suggest .
 Not very sanitary . The first time I used it my baby pooped on it and I had to wash it . It washed up horribly . I do n't want to throw this in the washing machine every time I give my baby a bath .
 This is a horrible product . The photo is very deceiving . It is completely flat , not inclined like the photo portrays . My baby 's head did not stay above the water so I tried to put him tummy down on it and at first it was okay and a second later I looked and the poor thing 's face was completely submerged in water . He could have drowned . Please dont buy it for your own safety !
 This product is a waste of money . It does not work the way you would expect . It becomes completely waterlogged and heavy . The baby lies flat and is not submersed in any water at all , leaving baby cold and uncomfortable . I am surprised at all the good reviews . The plain old mesh `` sling '' bath is better and costs less .
 I am a new mother of a 3 week old boy . I was all excited when I got the Safer Bather until I used it a few times . I placed the bather ontop my sink counter for sponge baths , before his belly button fell off . It did keep him comfortable but I had to place a towel under it to catch the water . After I hung it in the shower to drain and dry it developed some black mold . I did n't want to bath him on it like that so I washed it.What a mistake ! Now I ca n't use it anymore . I called the store and they said I could return it , which is great . I am just sticking with a regular baby tub now .
 Bath pad did its job but by the time I got him undressed and on the pad the water it had sucked up had turned cold and it was horrible
 I bought this based on so many parents ' reviews here . I should have listened to the negative ones instead of the raves . My son is now almost 5 months old and I 'm going to have to buy another bath tub . Mildew is growing on this pad , despite having been washed in the washing machine and put outside to dry . This pad absorbs ALOT of water when in the tub , it gets really heavy and will leave a lake on your bathroom floor if you hang it to dry anywhere other than inside the tub/shower . This is n't practical to use inside a regular tub . I ended up using it on the bathroom counter most of the time .
 Follow the instructions to the letter - this product will still smell bad after a few uses . I HATE IT !!! I 've gone through 3 bathing things so far - and this is my least favorite . First , it does n't have much elevation for newborns . Second , it gets heavy once it 's wet and flattens.Alternate product recommendation - Sure Comfort Tub by The First Years ... . now THAT is a good baby bathtub !!!
 This product seemed OK at first , with a newborn in a kitchen sink with very little water . The picture above is deceiving , because it really is a FLAT pillow with very little concave -LRB- notice the baby in the picture is propped up ; this is not how the pillow will lie in your sink/tub -RRB- so the baby 's ears are often submerged in very little water . What 's worse , is that in a matter of a few months , the pillow material is pilling/shredding , it smells , and it 's covered in mildew . No amount of machine washing will get it clean ... So , time to try something else !
 I got this awhile ago for my first son . it was a great idea , and he loved it , but man did it STINK ! no matter where or how soon I hung it up to dry . outside , inside , febreezed ... any of it . plus immediately after the bath it 's a huge pillow soaked with water , so it 's heavy and not too convenient . we also lived in a super SMALL house in philadelphia with no good spot to store it . we 've since switched to theSummer Infant Fold N ' Store Tub Time Bath Slingand it 's been through 2 kids and I 'm about to use it for one more . it 's convenient and folds and best of all does n't STINK like mildew ! blech ! do n't waste the money , you 'll end up buying something else anyway !
 I never write product reviews , but this was one product I had to comment on . I purchased the Safer Bather because my one month old hated the bath . His plastic tub was hard and he would tilt to the side . This seemed like the perfect solution ... and it was , for about a month . Then the smell and the mildew started . No matter that I wrung the cushion out after his bath , and hung it to dry completely between uses , it continued to mildew . When I washed it , it completely lost its shape . My son is now six months old , and I have n't used it in months . Also , after buying this product and liking it -LRB- at the time -RRB- , I then ordered another product from the Leachco Inc. . Catalogue -LRB- which came in the package -RRB- . That product -LRB- a `` lightly '' vibrating sleep positioner -RRB- did not work at all ! I now believe that Leachco products are a complete waste of money ! I hope this review helps : -RRB-
 I purchased one of these for our now 6 year old daughter and loved it . Naturally one of the first things on my `` must have '' list for our daughter this time around was a Safer Bather . Had I only known ... Six years ago these were filled with the little tiny styrofoam beans like you would find in a bean bag chair which was great because it gave the bath pad a bit of `` float '' to it which helped keep the babys head elevated during her bath , and it drained like a charm when I hung it up to dry.Fast forward 6 years and I am totally disapointed . The one I recieved this time was filled with polyester batting which has started to turn lumpy after just 3 months of light use . It also weighs a ton when you try to pull it out of the water and hang it to dry . Even after hanging all night I have to squeeze the excess water from this thing in the morning to prevent mildew . The worst part is that this thing does not float at all . It simply sinks to the bottom of the bath tub and lately I have been finding that my very active 3 month old will turn her head and almost get water in her eyes despite there being maybe 3 inches of water in the tub and I always position her so that her head is at the opposite end of the drain . Luckily she is already sitting and is ready for a big girl bath seat so I can quite using this piece of junk.This thing is so bad it 's going to be repurposed into a dog bed or something . I just wish they had not changed the great product that the `` safer bather '' used to be .
 We found this was n't the best thing to use in the bath regularly . It 's a bit of work to wring the water out , and you never get it all out . It takes over a day to dry , which means if you use it daily you can expect mold/mildew . We did find it useful around the house outside the tub . If you ever need to lay your baby down somewhere secure and do n't have time to prep it , this bath pad makes a handy pad that keeps your child in position .
 I got the safe bather for my 3 month-old baby . It was good at first , but now that he is 5 months , that bather stinks ! Every time I bathe my baby , I squize the water out of it and I hang it on the shower . I have washed it several times , but it has come to a point that the smell wo n't go away!I now put a towel on top of it , so it wo n't stink that bad , however my son is starting to sit on his own , so bath time is becoming easier !
 We bought this for our infant son because it looked like the most comfortable baby bath on the market . It absorbs the warm water which our baby liked but when you hang it up to dry it molds before it dries . We squeezed out the excess water -LRB- as the directions recommend -RRB- and hung it in a dry room to air out . The next day it smelled of mildew . And each time we used it we had to wash it in the washing machine to get the smell out -- WAY too much work . Go for a plastic tub .
 I loved the idea of this , and it did seem cozy for my son , but , it mildewed after one month of use , despite rinsing and squeezing it out . I later washed it the washer , and now it has lost it shape and thickness , and still smells funny . Too bad , because I like the idea of a pillow-like surface to keep him from slipping around in the tub .
 The picture is very deceiving ! It looks like it holds a baby that is at least a couple of months old , with his head safely elevated , in a fair amount of water . I 've also read reviews that indicate people use this with 5 and 6 month old babies . My 15 pound 10 week old barely fits on it ! It was so small , not what I expected at all . It is more of a pillow than a tub . It is also very flat and does not keep the baby very elevated in the tub . It does seem like it may be nice for sponge bathing a new born though .
 This Safer Bather was a waste ! ... Even more so it wore horribly ! When I called the company I got no were ! I got an email stating that they only guarantee there product for 30 days . Mine tore after 3 months of use and they could care less ! They were rude and very unfriendly ! I say take your business elsewhere !
 really not ideal for safety . It 's flat and goes on the bottom of the tub . I do n't like it - maybe it works for other but not me .
 I initially loved this , but even though we squeezed all of the water out of it and hung it to dry every time we used it , it never quite dried . As a result , it started stinking and got discolored within the first month we owned it . I 'm really disappointed , because otherwise I loved this product and so did my baby .
 It worked good for support in the baby tub when I had to sponge bathe her . Other then that I dont see too many uses for it . I only used it twice and now it reaks of mildew . I made sure to ring it after every use and hang it . I just hope they will still let me return it .
 I received the Safer Bather as a shower gift 3 years ago . I picked the item for my registry because of the great reviews I read on this site . Two babies and countless baths later , I still do not understand or like this bather . I even contemplated throwing it out while cleaning out a closet last week . * My babies did not like laying on the Safer Bather . They squirmed and twisted even at an early age . * I did not feel like my babies were safe in the Safer Bather . * The only time I was comfortable using the Safer Bather was when I was in the bathtub with my baby . Not very convenient . * The Safer Bather does not come with any instructions or suggestions for use . * It is very difficult to put water in the tub , put the Safer Bather in the tub , the baby on top of the Safer Bather and then wash the baby.I had much better luck with my Safety First Baby Bathtub and I used it in my kitchen -LRB- much easier on my back -RRB- . I kept one hand on my baby and another on the washcloth ! Very simple and easy .
 works for bath with towels early days , but to bathe a baby in a tub is unsanitary , the fabric is lint .
 I knew I did not have the room for a hard plastic tub so I got this . The picture shows the baby propped at the back of the tub . Who washes a baby like that ? I filled my tub , put this in the middle and added the baby . There are two problems with this bather . 1 . No matter what the thick head rest gets filled with water which quickly cools and the baby is laying in cold water . 2 . It does n't allow for water to flow back and forth so the water in the shallow end of the tub also cools quickly . Every time I used this even with heating the bathroom my baby got cold ! The pad holds a lot of water !!! So you have to have some were it can drain for a while . -LRB- The package actually warns of internal molding -RRB- . We have switched to a mesh style tub and will probably use this pad as a `` confy '' seat in the wading pool this summer .
 So i am not the type to ever write a review , but this one needs it . I purchased this pillow for my 2 month old because the way she sat in the blue plastic infant tubs seemed to hurt her bottom . I got this is the mail and was so excited to use in my sink ... . Well I was very quickly disappointed . The pad acted as a sponge and soaked up all the water , which in turn became cold so I had to keep adding warm water . Then I laid my little one on the pad and she was barely covered with water because the pad was retaining it all . So I had to fill up the sink with more water to cover at least some of her body tO avoid her becoming cold . Well with the water being just perfect covering some body ... I noticed the supposed elevated head part was laying completely flat which caused her ears to be under water . So then I had to get a towel and submerge it in water under the pad ... . Then my little one keep slipping down on the pad and her ears kept ending up in the water and she seemed to be freezing the whole time ... So end result ... A sopping wet padSopping wet towelAnd a cold babyAnd a returned item back to amazon
 I purchased this because the store was out of the tub I wanted and this was my second choice . I should have just waited . The first time I used it I followed all the directions about what soap you should n't use and washing and drying instructions . The first time I used it I placed it inside my infant tub and when through rung out the water and hung it to dry . The next morning there was a black ring that looked like mildew where the water had dried . So I washed it following all the directions . It is now all lumpy and the fabris is pulled in one spot and could break open . I am very unhappy with this and hopefully will be able to return it . I would not recommend this to anyone . I 'll just roll up a towel to keep my newborn 's head from wobbling .
 This bather seemed safe and easy . However , I thought it was kind of dangerous for two reasons . One - It was dangerous for me to carry my newborn daughter in and out of our huge tub to put her in the bather . Two - This thing slides all over the place in the tub . It also did n't fit in my sink ! Another hassel was having to strain the water out of it and hanging it to dry . We used it twice before we threw it away .
 I got this bathtub all excited from the reviews ... I used it the first couple days of my sons life , and I did enjoy the cushiness of the tub and it was very easy to sponge bath him in it . However , one day it was time for a real bath , and I placed him in it , bare bum and all ... and he took a number 2 right in the tub ! This was the messiest thing EVER . I could n't clean it all off becase it soaked in , it was so gross . Plus he also has a habit of peeing in the tub as well . Unless you baby is super otty trained from birth , they will do it too . I immediatly threw it in the closet and got out the plastic tub my sis bought for me from a yard sale for 75 cents . I 've been using it ever since . Throwing it in the washer is not an option when you go to a laundramat ... plus ... YUK ! No easy cleanup . How are you supposed to clean baby with a gross tub ? I wondered if the designers for this product ever had a baby when this happened ... If you want cusiness , but a platic tub and put down a fluffy towel . You 'll get the same effect and it 's easier to clean .
 We bought this from a local Babies R Us store to use in our baby bathtub . We had been putting a towel in the tub to keep our 2 month old from sliding down inside the tub.Once we put this Safer Bather in there , our baby could barely fit ! It kept him so far out of the water that he was getting cold . Also , the Safer Bather itself got extemely cold once it was wet and exposed to the air.I may be wrong about how to use this thing - we have n't tried it in the adult bathtub yet , but I really ca n't imagine how it would work in there.Save your money and just use a towel in the baby 's bathtub until your baby is old enough to fit in it properly .
 First of all , it was too big for my kitchen sink so I did n't use it until my son was about 6 months old and could bathe him in the tub . By that time my son was able to roll over and crawled his cute little butt right out of it . So I never really got to use it , nor did I need to use it . It 's just a big piece of junk that I do n't really know where to keep . If you like the idea of this item I at least suggest buying one of those inflatable tubs , that way it will be out of the way when not in use . Otherwise , I think that you could do without it .
 I bought this thinking that I was getting a floating bath pad for my new baby . This does NOT float . It just fills up with water and sinks in the tub . Then it weighs about 20 lbs when you take it out . Maybe this is what other customers wanted , but it was not the product I was expecting . I 'll keep looking for a floating bath mat like I used with my 3 year old son .
 I have been using the Safe Bather for 3 months and loved it . Last night , I noticed that there was mold on it . I followed the instructions and hung it up immediately after using it . Do n't take a chance .
 I do n't get this tub . It fills with water making it heavy and water laden . It does n't prop the baby up enough to prevent water getting in the ears . Its a waste of time . Try the fold up tub offered via Babies R US from First Safety .
 I do n't get all the good reviews of this product . I really do n't like it . It 's too big to fit comfortably in my standard size sink , and does n't keep babies head inclined and out of the water in the tub . It does seem comfy for baby , but she does easily get cold in it . There is n o way for baby to stay submerged in some water to stay warm . I much prefer the first years safety tub . There is a reason it 's design has been around for years ! It just works !
 I bought this because it looked like a more comfortable version of the tub sponge that my mom recommended . It does elevate the baby more than the yellow sponge , but I had a few things I did n't like about it . First , it is very hard to lift to wring out after the bath . The water it soaks up makes it very heavy . Second , if you do n't have all of the water wrung out of it , and do n't completely submerge it into the warm water at the next bath , when the baby lays on it some of the cold water comes out and makes the baby cold . For the longest time I could n't figure out why my son screamed every time I laid him on the Safer Bather , and then one day I felt the cold water coming up out of it as I was bathing him . I switched to the Sure Comfort newborn to toddler tub and he likes it so much better . He prefers to be IN the warm water rather than on top of it .
 I 've been using this since mid-Sept 2002 , and my baby loves it . However , I 've recently noticed a mildew odor , and the fabric is pilling . I hang it to dry in a well-ventilated room after each bath , so I 'm clueless as to why there is a mildew problem . I 've tried washing it by hand , too . That seemed to help a little , but it did not eliminate the odor . I 've contacted Leachco to see if they have any suggestions , as these problems are contradictory to the corporate product description . These problems aside , it 's a great product .
 I really do like the product , however it did mildew -LRB- the tag says it wo n't -RRB- . I am having to throw it out after having it for 2 months . It just keeps getting mildew spots no matter what I do !
 The bath was comfortable for my baby and he enjoyed it . But after 20 uses it reeked . I followed directions on how to clean it and it still stunk . Also it shed little lint balls . I now have a basic baby plastic seat where you slip the baby 's legs through . It is a lot cleaner then this cloth bath .
 My 4 month old daughter lifts her legs & butt up so that she slides down on the cushion thus submerging her ears in the water - about 2 inches of water in the tub . Even with us being right there I do n't think this is a very safe item . It also smells sour and has since the 3rd use , in spite of being rinsed & dried after every bath .
 We have followed all instructions on the bather to avoid mildew . It has continued to have problems . We have washed the bather in the washing machine twice and problem always returns . We wring it out well and hang it right under a air vent in our bathroom . It smells so bad of mildew we are going to have to buy something else to bathe our son in . Lasted about a month before the mildew smell took over . Stay away from this product !!
 I originally bought this bather b/c of its soft comfort concept , but after only a few baths and hanging it up to dry , this bather succumbed to mold . I could not get the moldy smell out of the bather , even after washing and drying it in the washer and dryer . I would definitely not recommend this to anyone . Your baby deserves a better surface to bathe in , NOT mold !
 I bought this product for my 5 mo old baby b/c she had outgrown her baby tub but not quite ready to sit up in the tub . I did a lot of research and this product claims to be mildew resistant but not mildew proof . If you live anywhere that it is humid , do not buy this product -- it will mildew after just one use even if you rinse it out and wring it out real well . It does provide comfy cushioning for baby in the tub , but unless you want to throw it in the dryer after every wash , you might want to look elsewhere .
 Good idea that needs improving . Cushions baby well & holds head up to avoid watery ears , but a bit scratchy & pills easily . Does n't drain & dry well , although wrung & hung up immediately . Worse , though washed often , mildews ; you do n't want your child to touch or breathe that . Contacted co. about mildewing easily , despite claim of resistancy . Response
 liked bather at first , but when began to mildew and we FOLLOWED MFR 'S INSTRUCTIONS , completely `` pilled '' and filling clumped . our baby is allergic , so things need to be clean for him . MFR was not interested in hearing our concerns either .
 It soaks up so much water and takes to long to dry . Not really what I was expecting or looking for . Still looking for that perfect baby bather .
 I liked using this for my premiee baby girl once she grew out of her NICU bath at home but after a few months use it gave her a rash on her back . I did n't think it was the bath pad giving her the rash until her 3 year old sister started to get the same rash on her bottom because she liked to sit on it after my baby girl got out . I would not reccomend this product .
 I ordered this because I do n't have a lot of storage space and thought this bath would be easier to store than a big plastic tub . It arrived sealed in plastic but when I attempted to use it for the first time black dirt seeped out . I have attempted to wash it 3 times through the washing machine and still get black dirt .
 we 've had other dibucaine 's and this one does not work as well as the others , more like preph and others we do not like
 I remember years ago , a product like this for hemorrhoids that actually worked . So it is possible . But this product is not it and was worthless . Do not waste your money . Add a fiber drink 2-3 times a day , like Metamucil , Clear and Natural -LRB- without all of those sugars , artificial sweeteners in them -RRB- , plenty of water and exercise and they will clear up on there on.Till then a hot bath works better than this product .
 I was not happy with it . It was not what I expected , and the quality was shoddy . The description was sketchy , and I should have paid closer attention to the few details there were . I considered returning it , but figured it would be more trouble than it would be worth . However , I probably will not order from these people again .
 Excellent value for the money but watch out if you have thick/fat legs at the knee . My leg measures 22 inches circumference just below the knee and I found these socks too painful to wear for more than a couple of hours . I suspect they would be just fine for someone whose below-the-knee measurement was 18-19 inches . Otherwise the socks are well made and quite comfortable . I ended up switching to Jobst socks -- pricy , but good for a big guy to wear all day !
 This does not work , I tried it as well as my sister and some friends of mine , basically a placebo . I wish I had n't wasted the time or money on it .
 Well , always start by saying something nice . Blue . Yeah . This toy is a nice shade of blue.And , once in , it does help get the lube spread around for bigger toys to come.Alright , only two nice things to say . Oh , wait -- it 's cheap , too.So , the not so good -- It is floppy . It 's not quite long enough . It 's just sorta there . Meh , I think , is the current way to describe it . Yeah , even double meh . Spend a little more and get something blue that is firmer , bigger , and less meh .
 A little soft would be good , but this is waaay too soft and floppy . Only get this if that 's what you want . They really should NOT call it `` raging hard on '' . Very misleading !
 Should n't be called hardon because it is super floppy . It also has a pungent `` blueberry '' odor with it . It is super slim line as it did nothing for me ... looks to be more for rear end pleasuring ... The smell and uselessness of this made me throw it away . The balls on this are laughable .
 Excellent value for the money but watch out if you have thick/fat legs at the knee . My leg measures 22 inches circumference just below the knee and I found these socks too painful to wear for more than a couple of hours . I suspect they would be just fine for someone whose below-the-knee measurement was 18-19 inches . Otherwise the socks are well made and quite comfortable . I ended up switching to Jobst socks -- pricy , but good for a big guy to wear all day !
 I 'll admit I 've never waxed before but I got really sick of shaving and suffering from cuts , bumps and ingrown hairs . I wanted something that lasted longer . I got a new Braun Epilator , worked great on my legs and did n't hurt too much but tried it on the bikini area and and it was too painful . I even tried using a 5 % lidocaine which is a local anesthetic cream I bought off of amazon for $ 50 . Anyways , the epilator is another story.Bought this stuff at Bed Bath and Beyond for about $ 18 . Cleaned the area thoroughly , applied the lidocain cream to help ease the pain , waited about 30 mins , then applied some talcum powder as suggested in the directions . I had my husband do it for me and the pain was unbearable . I have a pretty moderate pain tolerance -LRB- I could epilate my legs without any problem ! -RRB- but this stuff was torture . Still I gritted my teeth and bared it through 7 applications of this stuff.Now it * MIGHT * have been worth it had it taken all the hair off the area where applied the first time . But it did n't and I quickly realized it was going to take every single strip -LRB- 20 provided -RRB- used several times each -LRB- you can use them more then once -RRB- and every single spot would have to be gone over several times despite already being raw and red . We had to heat the stuff up again after every two applications to , which was a hassle in itself.Good thing we stopped or else we probably would have been at it all night . Incidentally , and because my husband could n't stand my screaming , we gave up . There were splotches of blood all over the paper and I was shaking . We read the instructions carefully and performed it exactly as stated so I ca n't think of anything we could have done wrong.Going to a professional tomorrow , nothing can be worse then this stuff . I 'm still shaking from it and its been several hours ! The only thing I can say about it is that it was easy to clean off . But never ever again !
 If you are not a professionel vaxer it does n't work . The star is for the design
 Got this as a natural alternative , and although I love all things natural , I also know that sometimes it might not get the job done . This formula says for all hair types , but it clearly does not work on coarse thick hair . I have very strong hair that resists most waxes ... so I kind of knew better than to try this . The design is nice and helps you apply an even thin layer , however the wax does cool quickly and I do n't wax next to my microwave . It removed maybe 1/3 of my leg hair , and you can only do a couple passes . The thinner lighter hair on my inner thigh was 75 % removed after the second pass ... which shows that it just ca n't tackle the tough stuff .
 its better to not use any ... the size feels very small and uncomfortable , it also breaks easily ... seriouslymy wife banned me from using it anymore ... thats how bad it is
 When I received my Nads hair remover , it was practically solidified in the bottle . Maybe Amazon simply sent me an old product that should have been taken off the shelf a long time ago . Or maybe it 's a bad product . Whatever it was I received , it was not good ; and at the very least I have to suggest that you do n't buy it from Amazon . I tried applying it , and it did n't work at all , so I threw it away . For $ 5.99 I was n't going to go through the agony of return/exchange .
 I bought this hoping to find a better alternative to waxing . At first I was impressed - easy to use , easy clean up , great . Problem , after about 6 weeks - the nads in the bottle became hard and did n't work well at all . I am going to try Moom next - read about it here on Amazon . Will write a review of that when I have used it a few times .
 I 've used this same product for years and it has worked wonderfully for me . I could n't find it in the stores anymore so I ordered it through here . For some reason though this item received from amazon did not work at all . Will not buy through amazon again .
 It takes a few times to get the amount of wax you need to apply just right . I used this for my eyebrows and it takes a considerable amount of wax to work . At first it works fine but over time like other reviewers on here the product becomes harder and harder to spread and doesnt stick to the strips and thus does not remove any hair . I had to heat it up by putting it up to my desk lamp which softened it . I definitely reccommend wax products but not this one
 I bought a 32 oz bottle from local Whole Foods Market . There are no ingredients listed on the product , so I checked Ecover 's website . I was totally shocked
 Please see the comment left about this dishwashing liquid . It has a toxic ingredient . Do n't use it ! Also , see the link the commenter left to object to this . How disheartening to see a company market a product as eco-friendly when it is toxic !!! I 'm disgusted.I am deleting the positive comments I previously left for this product . This edit was written on January 7 , 2010 .
 Like the previous reviews , after buying its laundry and dish detergent , I have found out Ecover products contains 2 potential cancer causing ingredients -LRB- Sodium Laureth Sulfate & 2-BROMO-2-NITROPROPANE-1 ,3 - DIOL -RRB- . The deceiving part is on the product labeling , no where it shows the product contains these 2 harmful ingredients . You will have to read the back fine print and go to its website to read the full product ingredients to find out these 2 bad ingredients .
 Not only does this dish washing product contain toxins and non `` green '' ingredients -LRB- see other reviews -RRB- , it sucks ! You need tons of it to clean a small load of dishes . An eco friendly product reduces its impact on the environment by not only using less toxic ingredients , but by allowing consumers to use less product per job , thus minimizing overall waste . if you 're going to pollute , I 'd much rather do it with a product like dawn or palmolive that at least lathers up nicely . For green products , my current fave is Caldrea Dish Soap Liquid . It 's a bit pricey but smells amazing -LRB- love the lavender pine -RRB- and is very concentrated .
 Maybe it is just our dishwasher but I am not sure . I put a little bit of this stuff in the dishwasher and it immediately overflowed our dishwasher . The back of the bottle says , just a squeeze is enough . I 'm not sure if they meant just one little squeeze or what . Either way I did one little squeeze and another time I had it half full . Both times it overflowed . I am now returning these for a full refund . I would stick with the green bottle liquid with lemon scent because it always cleans the dishes very clean and spotless .
 This is cheap ! First of all , the battery is not replaceable . Once it 's done , it is done ! The ring is not firm and has no support !! This vibrator does n't reach the clit nor the scrotum !! The vibrator is crazy loud !!! I would not recommend buying a cock ring !!
 My husband and I bought this combo for the humm dinger . What a horrible purchase ! These do n't really vibe all that much , and the band to hold them on is thin and snapped -LRB- which was very unpleasant !!! -RRB- .
 Had no idea it was not one size fits all . The part that grips the tub is too wide so I could not use this . Description should include what tub sizes it fits .
 I thought a product made by Moen would be top quality , but this Safety Bar is not . It seems to grip the tub side securely enough , but the bar itself wobbles when you grab hold of it . A wobbly bar is almost worse than no bar at all .
 Item was a great idea but it could n't do its job efficiently . I was okay with the pain which most of us already know it from waxing but eppilator 's functionality was not unique enough for all those comments from other users . Sorry but I do n't recommend this product . Maybe with different maker .
 After 2 months I 'm still waiting for this product . I have not received the product yet .
 I ordered this product from an herbalife rep. , it was supposed to help me with digestion and I also bought 200 dollars worth of other pills and stuff to lose weight and none of it worked , A huge waste of money , did n't get the refund I was promised either .
 I have a `` Fuzzy Logic '' Rice cooker at our main house . I bought this ` cheaper ' rice cooker ' for the weekend place . This cooker will be given to Goodwill , as it scorches the rice and is not as user-friendly as my Fuzzy Logic . Everytime it ` think ' it has been switched to COOK it actually is on the WARM setting . PLease ... if you love Asian cooking DO NOT BUY THIS COOKER !
 I ca n't say whether this product really works or not . I did not notice anything different while taking it . For that reason , I would not purchase again .
 IT IS ILLEGAL TO SELL ANY HERBALIFE PRODUCTS THROUGH ONLINE WEBSITES -LRB- Ebay , Amazon , ... -RRB- ONLY APPROVED BY HERBALIFE WEBSITES . Our products are sold through direct sales only - This product must be old or expired ! Only buy herbalife from an active distributor !
 I used my humidifer for one month , got it out and filled.nothing happened.all controls light up , so i know there is power to the unit.I cleaned it good before storing it last year.i have given up on sunbeam humidifers.Ibuy a new one every year.i always use bottled water.I feel it is a waste of money to buy any more of them .
 I bought this humidifier and thought it was pretty good , although the wick filter was gross and turned brown and stinky then eventually fell apart . Unless you intend on replacing the filters monthly do n't be fooled by the auto dry feature , it does n't work . After 4 months I was going to clean it and could n't get into the fan to clean out the built up dust . Well apparently you ca n't . I called Sunbeam and they said they would replace it -LRB- with another useless machine that you ca n't clean -RRB- but they wo n't refund me my money back and that the warranty does n't cover dust . It 's not broken it 's just dirty . I have 3 kids with asthma and running a dusty humidifier is n't helpful . So now I have a dirty humidifier that I ca n't clean and ca n't use , and I need to go out and spend more money on a new one . NEVER BUY a SUNBEAM -LRB- they said all their humidifiers are the same and none can be cleaned properly -RRB-
 The tension required to hold the cards was more than my arthritis permitted . I cut a 3/32 inch wide slot in a one inch square by 8 inch long pine board . The cards lay in place without any tension and thus solved the problem that the purchased player could not solve .
 I am sorry to have to give a review like this but if the product is bad , it is bad . I would have given it a zero if it was available . Please do n't buy this product .
 Does not do what it is advertised to do . It is cream based so there is slight relief obtained from that , but there is no &#34; fast relief &#34; of anything because of no &#34; anesthetic &#34; anything to the affected area . Very disappointing .
 I ordered this for a birthday , recieved email that it had shipped and one that it had been discontinued so i called the company about it left countless messages trying to figure out if i was recieving it or not since i had recieved a tracking number and no return calls and never recieved it .
 Bought this cane especially for the GEL GRIP - should have read the reviews before purchasing . Very little of what is written in the description is true . This degree of deception can only be intentional .
 This cane does not have a gel grip as pictured and described . I am very disappointed because this was the main reason for my purchase .
 cane is advertised as `` GEL GRIP '' however there is no gel grip handle . the only reason why i bought it was because i wanted a gel grip comfortable handle waste of time and money . item not as described
 Cane pictured is not as described . Pictured with a wood handle , but comes with a pPlastic handle instead of gel as described . Do not purchase this .
 I bought this for my mother she and I both use canes . I thought that with the features that it has it would be a great cane for the money . Wow was I wrong ! This thing has some type of gel that makes the gel grip and it started oozing out of the handle . What a mess not to mention the chemical smell it had . I dont understand why this thing would pass the smell test for any cane user . I tried to call the manufacturer and they were almost impossible to get a hold of . I returned it and hope no one else goes through what I went through when purchasing a cane .
 I was pretty disappointed when I received the Libman Curved Kitchen Brush . It is much smaller in person than what you imagine it to be from the pictures . The handle is about 5 '' long , and the bristle part is between 1 1/2 and 2 '' in diameter . The bristles are very stiff at first , but ease up a little with use . Bottom line
 This stuff tasted and worked fine , but like many people , Sucralose gives me migraines . I avoid the stuff like the plague and was surprised to find it in my mouthwash . Taught me to read all labels more carefully .
 Maybe you 're thinking that orange plus alcohol equals screwdriver , but actually , the look and taste of `` Natural Citrus '' Listerine will remind you of the cloying medicinal syrups you had to take when you were twelve years old and sick . This is a failed flavor experiment . If you do n't like the astringent taste of original Listerine , try one of the mint varieties ; they cover a brisk taste with an even brisker taste , which works fine .
 They are SOOOO bulky , and it seems they do n't whisk away ANY mositure . I just use a pre-fold and leave it folded hotdog style and put that in the diaper cover , works just as well , and less bulky ! Or I sometimes just use the inserts for my bumgenius . this is totally unnecessary , but soft ... so if that 's all that matters ...
 Just Great , there 's nothing better to give your eye 's a well deserved rest .
 CAUTION ... stay clear of these glasses ... do n't waste your money ... they are JUNK / GARBAGE ... I threw mine right in the trash !!!!!!
 Yes , these are the same brand/style shades given to us by the Ophthalmologist whenever pupils are dilated ... and , for those of us with sun sensitive eyes and glasses , we end up using them , sans case , until they 're so scratched , we can barely see out of them any more.Love the design , hate the color of these . Amber does n't just take the glare away , it transports you to a different planet
 These were listed on amazon as solar shield Amber , I had amber before the one 's i got were more orange than amber . Does not cut glare at all . They would not take them back either . Advertize as large and they do not even fit over my glasses . Do NOT but these !!!
 I ordered this to fit over my existing glasses which are big . This pair did n't fit and so I had to return it .
 One of frames had no eye glass in them and I sent them back and have not received a replacement .
 I had bought Tucks with Anusol before as an ointment . This came with no reference to Anusol and it was a cream . Sorry , I ca n't use it .
 The Good
 I 'm usually very good about reading reviews before buying . Unfortunately I read Consumer Reports before buying and not these reviews . While Consumer Reports rated it the best measurer of fat among those tested they did say it still had shortcomings but nothing like the ones experienced by the reviewers here or by me . Following the instructions I tested the machine out four times in twelve minutes . The weight reading was consistent but the four body fat readings I received were 20 % , 21 % , 24 % and 24 % . I can assure you I did not down a pizza in those twelve minutes . I am resigned to the fact that these machines are not accurate , I would take a water test for that . But I did expect consistency so that you could measure fat LOSS accurately , for that all you need is a machine to consistently give you the same error with each reading . Even that is too much to expect I guess . Back to the pinch test for me .
 I bought these scales at Target because I figured digital scales would be pretty accurate , they had the Body Fat Analyzer , and they were on-sale for around $ 20 , IIRC -LRB- I 've had them for a few years now -RRB- . I 've long suspected the scales were not entirely accurate , because I could weigh myself two times in a row , once with a 16 oz -LRB- or 1 lb -RRB- bottle of water , and once without , and my weight would not change.I 'm taking part in a weight-loss competition at work so I 've been working out pretty actively the past few weeks , lost 15 pounds , and apparently my Body Fat has gone from 22 % to 20 % . Yesterday I had a pretty big lunch and dinner , and it 's still in my system , and when I weighed myself this morning the scales showed I had gained 3 lbs . Understandable . But then they said my Body Fat was back up to 22 % . Oh really?I grabbed my two 10 lb dumbbells and jumped back on the scales . They showed an accurate 20 lb increase in weight , but now they said my Body Fat was at 27 % . Really ? Are you sure ? Because my weight may have gone up but I 'm pretty darn sure those 20 lbs are not fat . If anything , based on a ratio of actual body fat -LRB- if measured by bio-impedance as claimed -RRB- to total weight , my BF % should have gone down , but these scales claimed it went up . Clearly they do not measure your Body Fat via bio-impedance as they claim , or if they do the equation they use attributes too much to total body weight . I can not even be sure of their reliability and accuracy as scales alone.Stay away from this product , and maybe even this manufacturer . In my experience they do not make reliable , accurate products .
 I just bought this scale today and I am definitely returning it . I am having the same problems other people are having ; mainly different results every time I step on it ! I 'm buying another scale that other people gave a good review .
 I bought this scale because my old digital scale broke right in the middle of my weight loss efforts . I thought I would replace it with a body fat analyzer/scale to get a better picture of my fitness progress . Was I ever disappointed ! First off , I do n't think it is humanly possible to make it more complicated to get the BFA reading . But more important than that , after about six tries , I only got it to give me a BFA reading ONCE , could never get it to store my information so it did n't ask to re-enter it every time I turned it on AND on top of that , the button that you are supposed to push to move from the weighing to the BFA mode completely quit working . Obiouvsly , it is NOT well-made . The instructions said to hold the button in for two seconds when you turn it on and the scale will go into memory mode . What a joke -- I barely pressed on the button and it seemed to go crooked in its housing , as if broken . Certainly , it did n't break from the light touch I gave it , so it was obviously made poorly . After that , it pretty much refused to go on . Finally , it came back on once more , gave me my BFA reading and went off , never to come on again . I would agree with the first reviewer -- by the Tanita brand and skip this cheap , inaccurate , frustrating scale . You will be glad you never got it .
 Could not have been worse ! After months of barely-acceptable performance , it totally freaked out ! First started acting weak , so I bought new batteries . Then beeping constantly through the night . I took out the battery . DO NOT BUY THIS SCALE FROM TAYLOR !!!!!
 I 've been mostly just using this as a plain scale , not bothering much with the body fat portion yet , and it 's horrible . I can step on the scale several times in a row and have my weight vary by as much as 8 lbs ! If I was planning on GUESSING what my weight was , I would n't have purchased a scale to begin with !
 WEll , Consumer Reports got me to buy this model.Tested it out , myself and partner.My BF % , eath time , two days , 7.5 % ! I may be in good shape , but NOT that good ...
 My friend recommended the MAX wax ear plugs to me . At first these earplugs worked great . However after the 2nd day of wearing them I noticed my ears were tender and slightly sore . The wax ear plugs also get harder to roll in your finger as you use them again , so here I am at night giving all my finger strength to roll these wax ear plugs . Than when I think I have them rolled nice and small enough I start putting them around the ear canal -LRB- cuz your not supposed to shove them into your ear just cover the ear hole -RRB- and then I am like spackling them on and pushing on my already tender ears to get the wax to stick around the ears . Well ouch ! after a while it hurts and your ears get sore , wax gets hard and by the way the wax will pick up dust , etc , cuz its on the sticky side ... Anyway it looks good on paper , but not in your ears . Try the other ear plugs the ones that are foam type , for me those seem the best so far .
 The guy below is right . The blades are so far down it wo n't cut anything but really long hairs . How could this make it through any product test ? I tossed mine in the garbage .
 It 's not just that the blade is so low in the trimmer -LRB- which it is -RRB- , it 's that the trimmer is short , fat and stocky . It 's huge . Who is this target market with nostrils the size of a billiard ball that this thing is supposed to fit up ? Only an idiot would design such a model . Whoever is getting paid in product testing needs to be fired .
 PRODUCT IS STURDY IN CONSTRUCTION BUT FLAP TO DISPENSE MEDS IN EXTREMELY HARD TO OPEN AND WILL NOT CLOSE AT ALL , LETTING MEDS EXPOSED .
 This would be great for meds/vitamins that are on your counter , but not for what I was wanting it for -LRB- to carry in my purse -RRB- . Like many other reviewers , I noticed the ` flip-lid ' -LRB- the hole where the pills come out -RRB- is a little difficult to open , and looks like it might break when used a lot .
 It is way too big . I bought it thinking it would be great as a gift for my parents to put all of their medication into one container . When I received the dispenser I was disappointed to find that it was bigger than my coffee cup .
 They claim it 's 100 % accurate which it probably is , but my problem with this product is the top portion of the dip stick . The color is never what it is on the chart . I find myself looking under every lamp to see if I can see it better . I always end up calling the company to ask what it means if the color is n't the same as their chart for negative , but it 's also not the same color if there was an infection . I 'd pass next time.Tiny Dancer
 It should have an opening -LRB- like velcro -RRB- for easy foot access and be a size large if it is advertised as large .
 This product does what it says it will do , but the design and details are extremely flawed.My main complaint is that the hand supports are much too far apart , making it much harder to push up with ; I wonder if it meets ADA guidelines in that respect.It is also not very steady , although that could be partly the fault of the floor not being quite even.There is absolutely no excuse for the screws being so extra long , presenting a safety hazard no matter which side they project from . Anyone with access to a hacksaw and some mechanical ability can easily saw the excess off , but by definition users of this product are handicapped and no longer possess either attribute.Proper size screws might save a penny or two per unit . Better yet would be cap or finish bolts with true vinyl inserts to secure a permanent tight fit.The crowning point was a note at the end of the instructions asking the user to please check tightness of the bolts MONTHLY for tightness . How many people will do that , even those able-bodied and mechanically adept to do so ? This is simply a cover their behinds blurb in case the supposedly lock-tights nuts fail and cause an accident -- and an admission that the nuts are not permanently lock-tight . Had I not already put this thing together I would have returned it .
 It is a cheaply made piece of junk ---------- I 'm giving it away , for it 's too much trouble to send it back .
 The side bars were not adjustable so they couldnt be raized higher . Too low to help with getting up . Will be returning .
 Sent 2 left arms , so had to drill holes for mirror image . Tube covers were not all there . Wobbly after construction . Made in China .
 I ordered this product for my elderly father who broke his femur and has no weight bearing on left leg for 6 to 8 weeks , It came beautifully boxed and quickly , however the nuts are the wrong size and will not fit on the bolts and the `` short bolts '' are the same size as the `` long bolts '' . I have tried everything but the bolts will not go into the nuts . I give up and will be returning the product as I have no more energy to spend on it .
 Support system is very flimsy . Was very difficult to assemble , requires many tools such as wrenches and philips screwdriver . If you are handicapped or not used to assembling difficult poorly manufactured items . pass on this one . We discarded it as a big mistake .
 Deluxe Toilet Safety Support was a total disaster . When my wife used it she almost fell . I boxed it up and when I got to the post office to return it the cost for return was almost $ 15.00 half the cost of the item . I still have it . Based on that experience I will be careful when ordering again . You need some way of helping customer with cost for return . Dr. George W. Whitt , abwhitt@swbell.net
 I bought this toilet safety support for my mother who is 88 . It does n't stay in place and scoots across the bathroom . It also made blocked the toilet paper which I had n't considered when I bought this item . It is now in the garage -- useless .
 Tried this product for a few times . The first time was fine but after washing they would not stay in place .
 I have no idea if my size is wrong or the product is not tight enough . It keeps fall down .
 The support is great but after wearing them once , its difficult to get them to stay up . I followed all the directions on how to clean , avoid lotions etc and STILL the product will not stay in place . The pair of hose became a ONE TIME USE only product .
 The stockings do n't stay up even though I ordered the correct size according to measurement guidelines . Furthermore , I am extremely disappointed in the seller 's customer service ! The first time I contacted them to return the item , I was informed that they do n't accept returns , only exchanges . When I asked who would be paying for shipping , the response I received was `` you received this item shipped for free '' - rude and unhelpful . After I complained to Amazon 's customer service and they wrote to the seller , the seller responded that `` the item is a stocking and ca n't be defective '' - again , rude and unhelpful-stockings that do n't stay up are clearly defective as there is an issue with the elastic band . I will never buy anything from this seller again !
 The product looks nice when I opened the package . When I used it , the thigh high compression socks rolled down below my knees while I was walking . Thank goodness I was still at home . That would have been an embarassment if it happened in a public place . I am very dissapointed . But the lower part was stable and comfortable .
 Good product but thigh band not tight enough allowing them to slip down to knees . Size is critical . Would recommend with this qualification .
 These support hose do not stay up , they start out fine but then slip down the leg as you move about .
 My first opportunity to wear my new stockings resulted in a very embarrassing situation . I arrived at church about an hour after putting the stockings on and the top of the left one started to slide down as I crossed the parking lot . I got to the restroom by the time the stocking was to my knees and already visible below my dress-line . I had to remove the stockings and go bare legged the rest of the evening . How humiliating !!!! After only one hour of wear !!!!! This morning I logged onto Amazon to request a return only to find that the `` return window '' was THREE DAYS AGO . The manufacturer 's guarantee states to `` return the product to seller for guarantee '' . Now what ? I have another new pair purchased at the same time , so it looks like I am out $ 33 for a defective product.This was my first venture -LRB- which turned into an adventure -RRB- in thigh-high stockings , as well as any type of compression stockings , so there no way for me to comment on the `` compression '' capabilities of this product as they did not stay up long enough to test that feature .
 Does n't provide any pressure support and got a huge run the first time I put it on . Was very surprised because Jobst is usually good quality - maybe I just got a crappy pair.If you 're looking for any level of compression support , go with the higher compression levels . This provides less support than non-compression hose . I do n't have ultra skinny legs and the hose fit loosely .
 sorry after washing by hand the elastic was zilched.fine until i laundered them.really disapointed . my doctored ordered.afraid to spend any money on another.sorry
 The thigh hi part loosened up on both legs and the stockings would not hold up after 2 uses !
 It did not have 8-15mmHg as the product claimed.The service was not good . Product ca n't be returned . `` Pintoli Style 1020 Women 's Comfy Compression Socks '' was much better , even though it was knee high .
 I ordered a Medium based on the size chart provided for this product and the stockings are WAY , WAY too big . While they stay on just fine if I 'm sitting , the moment I begin walking , they fall to my ankles . I really need the leg support due to pregnancy swelling , and these are not working out well for me .
 These stockings seemed great in the beginning . they gave me just the right amount of support , however after a few days i developed a rash right where the sticky part of the top band is . it was really itchy and i ended up with a red bumpy rash . i ca n't wear them now at all not even 10 min . i must have an allergy to the sticky stuff they use .
 I put these Jobst thigh highs on at 6:30 am this morning and within an hour they had slid down my thigh about 6 inches . The other brand I have does n't move much at all but are way more expensive . I guess this is an example of getting what you pay for .
 I 'm 23 weeks pregnant , and I need to use therapeutic support socks . I got these because of the good reviews I red on Amazon , but I 'm really disappointed . The foot is longer than it should be , and the elastic does n't stay up , unless you just sit ... I 've being using other brands and these are not even close to be supportive , nor I can feel any good compression . I also double checked the size I ordered , thinking I may have chosen the wrong one , but nope , the size is right , they are just larger . I would use them as normal socks if it was n't that the elastic does n't stay up at all . I contact the company to send them back , but they told me they do not accept returns , they can just change the product .
 Not the right compression , never stated what type . not happy with this purchase . wish I would have bought something else
 I bought these to use on air flights . Just took a trip ; put them on at home , by the time we got to the airport they were around my ankles . How embarrassing . Do n't buy or if you buy , buy smaller than you would normally wear in hopes that they will stay up .
 Well , they look nice on woman 's leg and as my wife says they mostly do the trick of keeping veins in place , but as for durability - they got a hole the second day she put them on .
 The quality of the cream is fine , but the scent smells like an wet ash tray . One tube was enough for me .
 Smells like a heavy smoker . I tried the Geo F. Trumper shaving cream in Lime scent and really liked it . When I ran out I decided to give the Sandalwood scent a try . Awful . If your a three-pack-a-day smoker then you 'll probably love this scent . Otherwise , stay away .
 When playing with these cards the large numbers are not visible . The small numbers in the corner are useless for a sight impaired person . Go to Walgreens and get cards with large corner numbers for less money .
 It is pretty hard to write a review on something you never received.I have ordered these same cards twice and received the wrong thing.Ether the people selling these cards have never opened the box and looked at the product or they are just interested in making money .
 disgusting ! I purchased these and they are definitely used . That is extremely gross and I believe it has caused me mental anguish !!
 Spent big bucks buying all this stuff to make me feek great . All you really need is a daily vitamin , fish oil and EXCERCISE.Doctors said these will not hurt you , but you are wasting your bucks .
 It should have an opening -LRB- like velcro -RRB- for easy foot access and be a size large if it is advertised as large .
 Over all it 's a very good product , easy to swallow and no fishy taste but the problem is the price . I bought these here on Amazon at the time of purchase they were 13 dollars . The Kirkland Brand is a Costco brand and at the Costco stores these same pills with the same count costs only 8 dollars ! I suppose if you do n't have a Costco membership this is a good price , but if you do or know anyone who does go to Costco either pick them up yourself from there or ask someone you know who has a Costco membership to get them for you .
 I bought these because I thought they were a good price . However , the capsules were stuck together and I finally had to cut open the container and pry them apart and put them into another container . Too much hassle to risk ordering again .
 Putting Fish Oil Supplements to the TestFor the report , the consumer agency purchased three lots of 15 different top-selling brands of fish oil supplements online and in the New York metropolitan area.The samples were sent to a lab where they were tested for contaminants as well as spoilage and whether they disintegrated properly.Two of the three samples of Kirkland Signature Enteric 1200 fish oil supplements had an enteric coating -LRB- designed to prevent a fishy aftertaste -RRB- that did not disintegrate properly . The coating may break up in the stomach rather than in the small intestine , as desired for proper absorption by the body.Nine brands passed all quality measures tested , including : Spring Valley Omega-3Finest NaturalWalgreens Omega-3 ConcentrateBarlean 's Organic Oils EPA-DHANature Made 1,200 MGThe Vitamin Shoppe Meg-3 EPA-DHACarlson Super Omega-3 GemsNorwegian Gold Ultimate Critical OmegaNature 's Way Fisol
 The label does not list the EPA and DHA levels . I started taking Nature Made Fish Oil after a high cholesterol reading ; six months later , all levels were great . I switched to Kirkland -LRB- because the price was lower -RRB- about 5 months ago . Labs came back today , and my bad cholesterol is up and the good cholesterol is down . I looked up the DHA & EPA levels for Kirkland and found that they were less than half of what I had been taking with Nature Made . Now I know why Kirkland does n't list the amounts of DHA & EPA levels ; you have to take twice as many to get the same amount as Nature Made . There are better alternatives out there . Wo n't buy this again .
 Although this fish oil is purified to remove mercury and other contaminants the makers add `` tocopherol '' which is soy-based -LRB- but not advertised ! -RRB- to preserve the oil from going rancid . A natural preservative is very important for fish oil but the makers must be aware of safer alternatives out there ! For those who do not know , soy is a goitrogen and frequently is genetically modified -LRB- thanks to Monsanto -RRB- and what this will do is shut down your thyroid and boost estrogen in your bloodstream . So if you want to have problems with feeling anemic and poor sexual function then buy products touted as `` Natural Fish Oil '' when they are anything but !! Some authorities claim small doses are not harmful but many of these same folks also will claim flouride is safe to ingest in small quantities . So why is there the warning label to call a poison center if your child ingests toothpaste ? Think about it . I can speak from experience that small amounts taken daily do impact our health because they accumulate over time.I do not recommend this product because they are using deceptive labeling to promote their product . Is this the kind of company you want to depend upon for your health ??
 Who knew ! No where does it say soy until I 'd been taking these for a matter of weeks and watched my inflammation symptoms INCREASING again ! Then I thought to look at the label . Contains soy ! My body does n't like soy . Tossed the rest of the bottle
 These gels came all stuck together . I only had them for a week and while I was trying to take one out it popped open and all the fish oil fell out . The smell stayed and made the whole package unbearable so I had to dump it out . Waste of money . Never buying these again .
 This may be a good product , but if you go to a Costco store you will find it for a little over eight dollars . You do have to be a member of the store to shop there , and as I do , and if I like the product , I will purchase it there .
 Order my item 2 week ago and have stll not receive it yet . There no tracking info so I do not have a cluewere my item is . Last time I will be ordering from this company .
 Be sure to check the sell by date . Fish oil does not have a very long shelf life . Fresh fish oil has a light lemony smell which fades quickly as the oil ages.You can tell if the fish oil is rancid by the fishy smell coming from the bottle when you open it . The stronger the smell the more rancid the oil.Also , if you keep the bottle in the refrigerator , which you should , the oil is rancid if the cold capsules have , or develop , white flaky looking spots inside . If you break open one of those capsules you will smell the strong fishy odor of the rancid oil as it warms up.I gave this product a two star rating because two of the last three bottles of Kirkland fish oil I have purchased had rancid oil in some or most of the capsules . I even ate some from a new freshly opened bottle and got sick to my stomach before I realized that the oil was bad .
 Until this product is submitted to the International Fish Oil Standards group for periodic validation I ca n't recommend this to anyone . If you are looking for a high quality Omega-3 Fish Oil supplement start here :-LRB- ... -RRB- . ifosprogram.comBrands listed on the IFOS Website have been tested to determine if the contents match the label . In addition the test results reveal if the product has safe levels of Mercury , Lead , Arsenic , and Cadmium -LRB- which can be present in fish -RRB- according to CRN/GOED standards .
 Never buy any fish oil that is not molecularly distilled . Cheap fish oil is like drinking pond water . Pay a little more and get purefied omega 3 .
 did is not a best deal ... 400 gels with almost nothing inside = 180 super strengh 500 dha / 300 epa each
 The cost ca n't be beat . But the fishy burps that can occur after are FOUL . If you do n't mind that , then these are for you . I 've decided that , while these vitamins are good for you and cost effective , the discomfort of fishy burps is too uncomfortable for me and I have to switch back to my more expensive brand . But if you 're OK with that , these are definitely a bargain !
 When I received this huge bottle of pills they were all stuck together . Apparently they had been heated and they had all melted . Nothing could be saved from this order . I want my money back !
 Costco sells this exact same product for $ 5 less . Amazon is great but this is an instance where Costco undersells Amazon .
 Read the front of the bottle carefully.The softgels has 1000mg fish oil but only 300mg Omega-3 fatty acids . My doctor advised me to consume 3000mg Omega-3 per day . I bought this product assuming it 's 1000mg but to find out the actual fatty acids is only 300mg . That means I have to take 10 softgels each day.I think I have to find another brand , any recommendations ?
 These are a very good value , but I stopped taking them as they were just too fishy tasting . Fishy burps are disgusting . My husband -LRB- he 's a physiologist -RRB- suggested that I switch to an algae based DHA supplement , so I did . I 'm now taking DEVA Vegan Omega-3 DHA derived from algae . No more fishy side effects . I wo n't be buying these again .
 I have been taking Fish Oil for years - great for the body . I thought I 'd try this brand ... thinking Fish Oil is Fish Oil ... and this was a good price . OMG ... the smell is overwhelming when you take off the lid . I suffered through a few of them and called it quits . I 'll pay extra and get the brand that does n't emit that terrible odor.Kirkland Signature Natural Fish Oil Concentrate with Omega-3 Fatty Acids - 400 Softgels
 I was recommended to try fish oil to help give me a more positive and calm mood throughout the day . This product has absolutely no effect on me and I have been taking it for about two months now
 I can not rate the quality of this product as the pills are huge and i nearly choked trying to swallow them . I do think though that horses would be okay with them .
 I had believed these were fantastic , especially considering the price . However , after reading the January 2012 issue of Consumer Reports , I learned that the Kirkland brand of fish oil pills did not meet the enteric-coating claim . Apparently , these can prematurely dissolve in your stomach instead of the small intestine , so you wo n't be receiving the full benefits . I 'm switching to another brand which does meet the standards .
 Not too sure about the quality . Smells very fishy . However I 've been taking fairly regularly for a month or more with no negative reaction . Occasional smell on my breath .
 I guess I should have heeded the other reviews but I bought it anyway . That was in September and now , in early January , only 3 months later , after being stuck to a mirror and repeatedly falling off , over and over again , it has finally fallen one last time and shattered into many little -LSB- unsafe -RSB- pieces.There was nothing wrong with the mirror . It magnified just fine . But those 3 suction cups only hold for a brief period before losing their grip . And it does n't matter if the surface they are stuck to is spotlessly clean and dry or moist or what . I tried it all.The cost is rather high since a person can find this same type mirror in a drugstore for half the price . And if the suction cups are n't going to work , who needs to pay this much ?
 First , the mirror is small . -LRB- That 's ok , the size is mentioned , 3 1/2 inches.However , there 's a lot of distortion with this lens , did not serve the purpose , I 'll need to buy another one .
 This mirror is so distorted it makes it essentially useless . I wouldbuy a mirror like this locally so you can see what you are getting ... or in this case ... not getting .
 Ca n't figure out how to turn the light on . The Tweezerman one is MUCH better . I 'm going to have to just ditch this . .
 Sorry but I have to give this product a low rating for pretending to be something it is n't . Sorry , but this stuff smells nothing like lavender . It smells like a chemical cocktail . The `` parfum '' at the end must be the part that makes it smell like chemicals , but do n't expect anything resembling the smell of Lavender . This is closer to the smell of Tide with bleach . I 'll use Jason toothpaste but their soap is n't `` clean '' .
 It should have an opening -LRB- like velcro -RRB- for easy foot access and be a size large if it is advertised as large .
 This may sound crazy but the Equal I received tasted different from the grocery store . It was n't nearly as sweet . I usually put two in my coffee and I had to start using 4 to get it to the same sweetness . At first I thought I must be imagining it but then I bought some more at the store and tried them side by side . There was a definite difference , but I ca n't guess why that would be . I 'll stick to buying at the grocery store .
 the sweetener seems to be of average quality . the cost is more expensive than at the local store . So if you have a hard time getting this where you live it may work out for you but please compare the price at the local grocery before buying . thank you for your time .
 It should have an opening -LRB- like velcro -RRB- for easy foot access and be a size large if it is advertised as large .
 When my daughter turned 6 months , I bought the MAM pacifier with the button knob since she loves to take the pacifier in and out of her mouth . I read the packaging and thought this would be easier for her than the ones with the handle -LRB- I previously bought Avent -RRB- . However , one day she got the pacifier turned around and stuck the button knob part in her mouth . It got lodged and she was unable to close her mouth or pull it out . She was very upset and the pacifier started to block her airway . We quickly removed it and threw it in the trash . THIS IS A HORRIBLE product . The `` button knob '' is a definite HEALTH HAZARD . I will be going back to Avent .
 Similar tabs are cheaper at Cosco , Sam 's Club or Walmart and you do n't have to pay shipping .
 Be CAREFUL ! If you have sensitive skin or nickel allergy -LRB- i.e.-can ' t wear fake jewelry or earrings -RRB- You may want to cover this with a condom or silicone sleeve . Worked okay and did its job alright but it is a little scary that it gets so hot . I developed an extremely itchy & uncomfortable skin rash on the verge of infection from using this silver colored bullet so I will not use it again . Use at your own risk !
 ok so IT NEVER WORKED ! . . tried to contact the company , left a few messages , nope ... . nothing , never , WASTE OF MONEY !
 Too small , no power , I 'll know to pass on thisItem next time
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000BKZI5G Hot Spa Foot Bath Massager with Vibration & Heat # 61335 This product was not what I expected . Ist 's a joke , the way the water gets hot is from your tap . The vibration is only slight . For what this product cost it was not worth half that much .
 This lip balm in Apple -LRB- not in stock as of review-writing -RRB- is how I discovered I am allergic to food coloring & food dyes ! I had literally never had a reaction to artificially colored skin or food products before , but this made my lips burn and split open bleeding each time I used it.Positives
 I sell this stuff so I thought I 'd try it out . I chose violet b/c it 's one of my favorite scents and is hard to find . The distributor says violet , peach and red currant are the best seller 's but I can only speak for violet . Supposedly `` Oprah '' raves about it so it 's gotten good press.It 's a big , attractive tin of lip gloss for 5-6 dollars retail . It 's clear on , but has a nice purple tint in the tin . It smells great , and is truly violet scented . Often `` violet '' scented stuff smells kind of lilac or lavender-ish -- too sweet . The tin works well -- lid is secure and does n't get stuck on.However , the gloss itself is not so great on your lips . Sure it feels smooth and gives a light sheen , but it tastes perfumy . I 'm getting used to it the more I use it but the first time I really thought maybe it was perfume balm and not intended to be on your lips . I 'd like to hear what peach and red currant users think . It does not taste like you should ingest any of it , ever , at all . Then you read the ingredients and it 's full of petroleum-based chemicals including petrolatum and paraffin wax , not to mention a bunch of things with `` benzo '' which is never good . No natural waxes or oils here . The ingredients are scary . Look them up ! Many have been linked to cancer and other ill health effects.It does have SPF 4 . I wish they would switch their formula to beeswax or some vegetable base so I 'm not putting petroleum -LRB- fossil fuels ! -RRB- on my mouth .
 What can I say about this product ? It makes me sick to my stomach . Every time I would take it , with a meal I would feel sick to my stomach . Not like unbearable nausea but definately made being at work a bother . A lot of the capsules had broken in the container as well . I would not recommend this product . I have taken similar daily multi vitamins and had a great feeling during the day with no negative side effects . Take at your own risk .
 Got these for my wife , who has crohn 's disease . She needs a multivitamin and these `` seemed '' perfect.After taking them for a week her crohn 's symptoms flared up and she had to stop taking them . We waited until she was back to normal , then tried again , just in case it was something else the previous time . Nope . She had problems once again.Then I decided that I would take them , to use them up . A multi-vitamin is good for everyone , right ? Ha . First time I took them , I took it with a glass of water . I was sick to my stomach for 30min afterwards . The time after I made sure to take one with a big breakfast . I was still sick to my stomach and almost lost my breakfast.So I threw these out and will never recommend or use them again .
 Used as described and they did n't work for me at all . I actually got more often sick while using them then not using anything at all . Went back to my regular brand of vitamins as these just do n't do it .
 I 'm not sure why , but these multivitamins made me extremely nauseated every time I took them , to the point where I actually vomited . I have no allergies that I know of .
 After reading the reviews on Amazon , I tried these Twinlab Daily One Caps Multi-Vitamin . It seemed like a reliable company and a good idea to take a capsule to help with absorption.I read some of the reviews from people who had bad reactions but I never had any problems before with any vitamin , but I had exactly the same negative experience as others ! The first time it happened , I thought maybe I needed to take this vitamin on a full stomach after breakfast . I switched to taking them with food and lots of water . It helped . The other day , I took one before breakfast and the exact , same experience happened again - intense sweating and throwing up . I have given up on them and switched to an old reliable , Centrum for Seniors . I also noticed intense yellow urine color after taking this vitamin in the morning . I felt like some of the ingredients were not being absorbed.Very disappointed .
 I was using Rainbow light multi vitamin for years , but due to health reasons , I need to avoid plant ingredients . So I switched to Daily One Caps . I took the capsule with my breakfast and 15 min later I was so nauseous . I tried it for a week , hoping my body would adjust ... but it made me sick to my stomach . I switched to Nature Made Multi -- no problems .
 The bottle of Twinlab Daily One Caps Multi-Vitamin and Multi-Minerals without Iron that I received will expire before I can even consume them based upon the recommended dosage and expiration date which are both stated on the bottle . Selling a supposed health product that will expire before consumed -LRB- by the producers own recommendation -RRB- seems both reckless not to mention wasteful . The issue was brought to the attention of 911 Health Shop -LRB- the seller , not the manufacturer -RRB- and my comments were ignored .
 I took these pills with eating a meal first and everytime I had a headache after taking the pill . I threw up twice when taking them . Needless to say , I stopped taking them .
 I 've been using this product for years but recently my doctor told me that the quantities of each vitamin were too high . Please check with your doctor before you purchase this . The new thinking is not to take more then 100 % of each vitamin .
 Nowhere could I find a list of ingredients before buying online . Turns out it 's got megadoses of vitamins and minerals , with some doses actually being possibly toxic !!!!! Upset my stomach and upset me even more . This is not right - somewhere it should say that some doses are 500 % to 1,800 % of DV . Four are over 1,000 % !!!
 I tried Ultra Hair Plus and it stop my hair loss and started to grow a little bit more hair , but it was a little pricey . So , I switch to GREAT HAIR hoping that they would do the same thing . You get more pills for the same price . I was hoping that the pills has the same Supplements and did the same thing . I took it for two months and my hair started to fall back out . I guess you get what you pay for .
 This stuff does not mix well at all . I tried to use it in my coffee . At first I thought coffee grounds were making it into my coffee . come to find out it is the protein powder . When this stuff makes it into your throat it is hard to swallow . I have tried shaking it between drinks still it will not dissolve . I can not recommend this product at all .
 I own a small studio and wax men and women everyday . This product did n't work for me - it does n't really remove anything.I use all GiGi products and love them but this one was really a waste of my money .
 Had a not so pleasant waxing experience and had a lot of extra wax on my skin/hair . Luckily -LRB- I thought to myself -RRB- I bought the wax remover ! Except it did n't actually remove any of the wax . Had to resort to olive oil -LRB- which worked magically and washes off with water ! -RRB- to get the wax off . And oil - olive , baby , etc - should work just as well , if not WAY better and be cheaper -LRB- or lying around your house already -RRB- .
 This is thick as a cream ... and it takes so much to get the wax off your body ... If you use any oil or lotion it will take same effort and time . So no value addition by this product .
 I felt this lotion was a waste of money . You have to use a lot and rub it in very hard to get it off . The wax rolls up and eventually comes off . Even then , you can feel the residue still there . Azulene Oil Aftercare By Parissa is much better .
 This is a waste of money . It does smell good and has a pleasant lotion feel , but it is would be more cost effective to just use baby oil .
 It did not work at all for me . First time user . Loved other Gigi products , but this did n't remove the extra I missed . I had to use olive oil , which I saw on internet to use , and it worked much better . Save your money .
 I do n't know how this thing works for others , but for me this just does not work . I applied the lotion to an area which has residual wax and attempted to wipe it off with paper towel and it did nothing . I have attempted this several times but it does not work for me . I regularly wax and I am quite a pro at it now . I have always used Gigi products -LRB- wax , wax warmer , muslin strips n spatulas -RRB- but this one product is horrible : -LRB-
 I was very disappointed with this product . It does not remove any wax at all . Any standard body oil works better . I would not recommend this product . Be careful if you want to just try this out . You have to pay for return shipping costs .
 Dont buy this seriously the side affects is major headache like your head is going to blowI 'm from the caribbean and i thought ill give it a try but damn the headache doesnt want to go awayand im afraid to take any painkillers for the headache because Melt pills may still be in my systemand might make it even worse
 Save your time and money and do not buy this it doesn work at all I used it for about a month and its probly just a placebo I just lost weight the old fashion way diet and exercise if your look for a boost or some type of short cut do not go with this product
 This product did not work for me at all . I was just as hungry as I normally was , and did not loose a pound ... Not only did I not loose any weight , I gained two pounds while I was on it . I 'm not saying it doesnt work for ANYONE , but it definitely didnt work for me .
 Regarding the Leukotape , my son 's physical therapist recommended this product for his bilateral patellar tendon tears . Unfortunately , the tape he received was not sticky enough to do the job . During workouts it would come lose and become ineffective . He ended up purchasing more tape -LRB- which works fine -RRB- from the PT -- same exact product but maybe the one he received from Medical Department Stores was old -LRB- ? -RRB- . The cover roll works fine .
 The white cover roll did not stick to my skin as well as the kind used by my physical therapist . I even tried cleansing the skin with alcohol first . When I would perspire under the tape it would slide and make the Leukotape useless . A waste of my money . The box is identical to what the PT used , but is obviously not the same quality .
 For some reason it did n't feel as strong as the tape that the physical therapist used on me . It did n't hold add strong our as long . Feel like i wasted money . Sticks well just does n't hold well
 This supplier does not seem to be in existance . I ordered for this product in May 2010 . Never received this product nor received any response from them
 I wanted to save time and get the tape for a sports injury . I was disappointed when I received the wrong product . Now I have to order the other tape . : -LRB-
 I waited for some time for this product , but was then notified that it was no longer in stock . I was somewhat disappointed .
 ITEM ON BACK ORDER FOR 3 WEEKS , THEN TOLD ME THEY JUST CA N'T GET IT . UNFORTUNATELY I WAS HOPING TO GET THIS FOR A GIFT FOR MY WIFE .
 I have a fairly serious health condition . On the journey to diagnosing it , I was looking for a natural solution to help me . With all the supplements available , it 's hard to decide what will be the best choice . I relied on the advice of an employee in my local health store who has more experience and exposure to these types of products . At the time , I felt amazingly bad so I bought this product and used 6 capsules before I could be seen by my naturopathic physician . When I showed my naturopathic physician this product , I was advised that it was n't right for me . There were several reasons for that .1 . The only value per serving listed on the bottle 's label , is 1000 mg for the extra virgin olive oil , black seed oil , and beeswax . That means there 's no way to evaluate how much wild oregano , cumin , wild sage , or wild bay leaf oil is in the product . Since the entire purpose for purchasing the product is based on the medicinal properties of the oregano , cumin , sage , and bay leaf oil , it seems unfortunate and odd that they would n't list those values if they were of significant amounts .2 . The medicinal ingredients are contained in a capsule that the company touts as a natural gradual-release capsule . I was informed , essentially , that the beeswax pretty much traps the herbs and as it travels through the digestive system , you get very minute trace amounts of what 's contained in the capsule . I was given a demonstration where a small cup of water with a small amount of apple cider vinegar were used to simulate stomach acid and one of the capsules contents were placed in a lump , in the liquid . I observed over the space of half an hour , a floating yellow lump that never seemed to change in form , size , or mass . No detectable change in color of the liquid it was floating in occurred .3 . Since the products label leaves in question , how much of the medicinal herbs you are getting , and the delivery system it uses in its capsules only translates into insignificant amounts being released , it does NOT seem like a product that delivers very much value for it 's cost.I do n't possess a degree in chemistry or nutrition , nor do I have research experience in a lab with this type of product . I hate the fact that I feel like I need any of that before purchasing any of these types of products . I wish I could rely on companies or manufacturers to be more transparent about the products they supply . It would make them seem more ethical . It is my responsibility though , as a consumer , to research a product more effectively before I purchase it . In the future I wo n't be spending this type of money on a product without first getting a more informed and educated opinion . I suggest other buyers , do the same .
 I am extremely disappointed that this test was not accurate . I followed the directions perfectly - twice . I am a well educated woman who needed to do a prescreen before employment . I know for a fact that it is not accurate because I came up negative in all panels and should not have on opiates . I say this because I am taking opiates currently , and am wearing a patch , so I should of tested positive on opiates , if the test were accurate . Believe me I wanted it to be , for now I have to pay $ 90.00 at a lab.truly disappointed!This is surely a case where you get what you pay for . I thought this was too good to be true and it was .
 I tried using this for about a month but just could n't stand the smell . It also broke out my skin on my forehead where I 'm a little oily . I would n't recommend it for combination skin .
 I am 29 years of age and I truly was hoping that this product will work at leat ok based on other reviews . I was not expecting a miracle , but at least some mild results , but I was truly disappointed . I purchased this derma e peptides and the night version too ; but it did not work . It has some kind of consistency that `` temporarily '' gives the impresion that is working , but soon I found out that it was an illusion . It seems to cover some mild wrinkles but the effect is gone in probably two hours -LRB- I can obtain this result with good makeup -RRB- . Oh well , good luck to all of you , I am sure that there must be something out there I just have to keep trying !
 I use only at night as it 's very rich and seems to curdle a bit if I put to much on in the morning.I have found after using this product for about 4 months straight , nothing is really slowing the process down . I 'm still getting the crows feet , I have not noticed any lines diminished.I do n't want to give it a 2 star , but I have no choice as I am editing a post I added a long time ago.It is just an expensive moisturiser , it wo n't help you get rid of the lines , I was hoping it would , as I 'm 55 , but it 's a scam ... . sorry but it 's the truth , I tried it for over 4 months to make sure I was right ... So I will keep on looking for the ` miracle ' furmula ... this is not it ...
 The disappointing short answer is that this product does n't work!I 've been through the whole jar , usually applying once a day , sometimes twice and no change to my crows feet whatsoever !!! Truth is it 's not even a great moisturizer , having a waxy feel on application . Smells good , reasonable value for money and cruelty free , but who cares when it does n't do the job ? I 'm 40 , vegetarian -LRB- so reasonable diet = reasonably good skin -RRB- , but I think the only way to reduce my crows feet is by not smiling LOL !!!! Oh and no I did n't expect to gain the skin of a 20 year old , my expectations were to see softening !
 After buying the day and night creams , I was terribly disappointed.I hated the feel of this cream/serum . Maybe I 'm using it wrong ; everybody else seems to like it . I tried it for two weeks , and after it finally dried it left a sticky , filmy layer on my skin.I have combination skin , and am in my 50 's , I did n't expect a miracle , but it never seemed to completely absorb . Wasted my money !
 Ever since Clinique discontinued their wonderful Anti-Gravity facial cream that truly lifts and firms the fine lines , I have been on a desperate crusade to find a replacement for this cream . As Clinique did not come up with a good replacement I decided to go more organic . And according to the ingredients in this cream it has peptides in abundance , matrix , hexapeptides , argiline -LRB- however you write it -RRB- so ... it should work for sure ? Well it did not ! I applied it at night specifically targeting my lines around my mouth and the next day I woke up with fine lines that I had never seen before . As I did not want anymore fine lines appearing overnight I returned the product , truly believing it is a hoax and I will never buy it again . Sigh the search continue ...
 What a disappointment ! The cream sits on top of the skin , does n't blend in and therefor hardly moisturizes . Did n't do a thing for the fine lines and actually , I think they may be looking worse ! Only thing I can say for it is that it does n't smell and I can use it around my eyes without irritating them .
 This review probably wo n't get posted , because it 's not a good one . This product , like everything else we 're suckered into , does not work . I 've given it a month , and there is no change whatsoever .
 I was excited to get this product , but it has proved to be very poor . . It does heat up slow like it says but as far as I could tell it never heated up with the gel side.It slipped around and was exceedingly heavy and clumbsy . I Do n't recommend it .
 You get what you pay for . The price was great but at just 11 '' wide this splatter guard is not large enough to cover most frying pans .
 I got ta tell ya , I bought this because of the good reviews because I wanted to try something different and the first time I sprayed this in my throat I about puked . Yeah , it 's that bad . It has a horrible taste and even a burning sensation . Makes me gag so much I ca n't even use it . I thought I 'd get used to it , so every now and then I give it a spray or two , but I just ca n't do it . Terrible . What 's worse , is the foul aftertaste you get in your mouth and when you 're talking to someone , cover your mouth with your hand . I 'm talking major bad breath . I 'm sticking with my Vocal Eze . It has a soothing soft , kinda marshmallowy taste and seems to do it 's job satisfactory . I 'm ordering another VocalEze today and tossing this stuff here in the trash .
 It 's taste worst and does n't work as well . I would n't recommend it . I had to break down and go buy the original at Whole Foods after a few days
 I bought this hoping it was a good furniture polish , with the added bonus of repeling dust . It did neither . It did n't repel dust at all , in fact I think it attracted dust . Plus it also left a sticky residue on the wood and left my furniture looking dull . There was absolutely no shine to the wood anymore . It made my furniture look horrible . This product does n't do anything it claims to do . In fact your furniture will look even worse after using it . Do n't waste your money .
 I worked in a dental office before . We used the lime all the time , was delicious and the fragrance lasted days . Smelled very citrusy and fresh . I recently purchased 12 and they change the product . Its a very light fragrance and not what I remember . It also leaves this greasy residue on the floor . I fell twice , and i did n't spay a lot . I have to mop every time i use it . I prefer the lemon odor eliminator from bath and body . I want to throw the box away . What a waste !!
 The reading are inaccurate . I 've checked them against a calibrated sphygmomanometer and the reading are n't even close . I can not reccommend this product .
 i ordered 6 packs of this product and when i recieve it , it was expired in 8 \ 2006there is no way to contact the supllier and amazon didnt reply to me alsoi want my money back
 This was recommended to me as a great eye cream and I think it has helped with fine lines , but it is so irritating -LRB- leaves my eyes itchy and blood shot -RRB- that I am about to return it . I look for products without chemicals and `` bad '' things , and I since found this does n't rate so well on the natural cosmetic databases either .
 Disney has , in my mind , been associated with relatively high quality products for kids for years . Whether it is a children 's movie or a theme park . Apparently this hallmark , when applied to children 's nutritional supplements , should be avoided.We purchased this product as an alternative to the ever popular chewable children 's vitamin named after a once popular cartoon set in the Mesozoic Era -LRB- these were less expensive -RRB- . My first warning that this product was different than anticipated occurred when my gag reflex engaged upon breaking the safety seal of the container
 these vitamines must be expired ! i tasted and it was sizzeling / nasty ! Rx is saying they dont do refunds !! better buying them at target . the Gummies are good . hopefully not expired .
 I recently ordered 2 packages of Disney Princess Complete MultiVitamin Supplement Chewables - 60 Tablets on April 20 , 2010 on your website from the company AmericaRx . This company gave a timeline of 7-10 days of when I would receive these items . After two weeks went by , I contacted them via email . After my second email , they apologized for being late . I finally received the package in the mail almost 3 weeks from the date I ordered it and found that AmericaRx mailed me the wrong order ! I ordered Disney Princess COMPLETE -LRB- not gummies -RRB- Children Multi Vitamin and Minerals . I could n't find this in the stores anymore . All I can find is the gummies which is NOT what I wanted . I shipped this wrong order back immediately ! In the meantime , my two young daughters were n't getting their vitamins and were having mild symptoms of illnesses . I asked them to either overnight the right order or send me a refund . Three days later , they emailed me without an answer , so I told them to give me a refund . They emailed back and said they would refund ONLY the cost of the items . I sent an email stating that that was NOT acceptable . This was 100 % of their company 's fault , so the complete amount charged to my Visa should have be refunded including shipping . I feel like I am not responsible for the shipping under the circumstances . The order was late and incorrect . They have n't responded to my last email . The health of my daughters depended on AmericaRx 's accuracy and prompt time delivery . Since they failed to do both , I am very disappointed and feel like I was involved in a scam . I will not be ordering from your website in the future as long as AmericaRx is associated with your website .
 My child gagged upon eating these ! I felt bad for not trying them first . She spit the vitamin out and then gagged . I tried one and could n't choke it down . They taste HORRIBLE and after chewing it they kinda foam up in your mouth which causes the gag response . I am taking them back for full refund.My poor kid was talking about them the next day and said she NEVER wanted to eat them again . I do n't recommend them for any child .
 CC Pollen is an excellent brand from a non-polluted area which is important since pollen sucks in pollution completely . This product is wonderful and the health benefits from a good , quality bee pollen are immeasurable . HOWEVER , the company DAB who ships this has the WORST service ever . My product did not ship in the timeframe listed ... taking 10 days after the order was placed . When I ordered it , it said it was in stock . If that was not the case , they should have notified me . 5 days after placing the order when it kept showing `` shipping soon , I contacted them , never heard back . FINALLY on the 19th , they email that it 's been on back order . Why the delay in contacting the customer and why should the customer have to initiate contact . TERRIBLE service . Will order the pollen from another company on Amazon next time around .
 My earlier purchase was colorful pollen , bright , and very fresh , with a zingy tangy flavor , loved it . This time I ordered a la Internet via Amazon and the pollen has a dull color , and you may break a tooth as I did . I recommend you do not bite down but let it dissolve somewhat on the tongue before biting . It also does not have even half the tangy flavor of the previous purchase . I am no connesseur of bee pollen but the difference was so vast , I do believe what I just purchased is not a fresh product as it is dull in color and hard textured and less flavor , all hallmarks of staleness . I do not recommend , and will not buy again .
 I could n't even eat this stuff , I had to return it . It was extremely bitter , not at all like bee pollen I 've had in the past . I 'm used to a light honey taste . This had an aftertaste that was like eating the worst chemicals .
 I eat Bee Pollen daily . In Arizona , I buy it at Whole Foods . It 's vibrant in color
 This product came highly recommended throughout my search online . I purchased some bee pollen locally as I waited for my online order to arrive . I do not plan to purchase this item again due to it 's flavor . The bee pollen I found locally was sweet and delicious while CC Pollen High Desert 's flavor was bitter and a bit stinky . I 'm sure it 's a personal preference , but nothing I saw online indicated a different flavor .
 since i couldnt find the YS pollen in the supermarket , i bought this . although i understand that different batches of pollen vary , i found both batches i purchased to be rather dry and not nearly as tasty , even though High Desert markets this as a ` blend of pollens ' . i was mostly upset that this pollen was not organic , which means that the bees could have been collecting pollen from genetically engineered crops.one should be health conscious to buy pollen in the first place . so get the YS organic pollen instead , since the pollen is collected from remote hives far removed from any genetically engineered sources . additionally , the taste is far better and the granules are soft , not hard , and are not slightly bitter like the High Desert brand .
 Try Brushy Mountain Bee Farm in Moravian Falls , NC . They collect and refrigerate EVERY DAY fresh pollen available in 1 and 5 lb bags ; $ 13.50 and $ 58.00 . Take it from a beekeeper . Buying local is best and best for you . Call your neighborhood beekeeper and see if anybody is collecting . Better yet , join your neighborhood beekeepers association . Not all members are beekeepers and public is generally welcome . Best ... get your own bees and help put bees back in your neighborhood .
 I am sorry to state that I have still not received my order and its almost a month since I ordered . Very bad experience with the vendor .
 I order two Powersonic PS-12180NB batteries sold by eComElectronics on Amazon . What they sent me were two ub12180 from another manufacturer -LRB- which can be bought cheaper on eBay -RRB- . The batteries charged and seemed to be working fine but after the first charge neither battery would charge in the device I bought it for nor would they charge out of the device on a battery charger . I notified eComElectronics and they did not respond . Complete waste of money and not even the product advertised .
 I have bought this product several days ago , The product I mean the Ginseng size is huge difference with the photo they post one amazon.com , a lot of smaller when I receive the product . Then I contact to them , the customer service is really rude , and they did n't provide any reasonable solution .
 The heads on this product do not work that great . I would recommend the Tweezerman black head remover over this . The two different head shapes are much more effective .
 I was hopeful in this product when I ordered it . However , it does not work . If anyone out there reading this thinks I am doing something wrong because they love it , then please let me know .
 i bought this product in an attempt to do at home what i get done at the derm 's office during a microderm apprasion . it was lame . i could have gone to target and bought just a quantity of 1 for $ 3 . in this purchase they send you quantity of 2 . why would you need 2 ? plus didnt work for me .
 I usually use biore pore strips but decided to try something else to reduce the expenses . Biore pore strips cost over $ 1 for each strip . Anyway , I found this product on Amazon and decided to give it a try based on the reviews.The product works ok . It does n't work for certain tough to reach areas of the nose which is where most of my blackheads are and it does n't work as well for the smaller blackheads . I 'll use it but I prefer to stick to biore pore strips .
 This little tool is no more than 2.5 inches and incredibly light-weight . It 's not stainless steel as it must be for the intended use . Fabrication costs would still be negligible if stainless steel had been used.I rinsed this tiny tool once and apparently did n't dry well . It rusted completely , so much so that it looks like an old nail from a long-lost shipwreck . How could Revlon market this knowing it is not stainless steel?Save a few dollars because this product is junk . Junk , junk , junk - it was deliberately made this way .
 I bought this because I have stubborn blackheads on my nose that wont seem to go away no matter how many biore strips I use or how many steam facials I do . But it didnt work for me . I followed the instructions and it just made my nose red and sore and didnt do anything . I may not be doing it right though .
 I do n't have a very bad acne problem , just a couple of blackheads , and the occasional pimple , so I thought that this tool would be a good bet . Wrong . First , you ca n't center your smaller blemishes under the opening , because you ca n't SEE them through the hole . Then , when you finally find the right spot , press down , all I got was a big red spot with the pimple still in the middle . I did n't press too hard , my pores were sufficiently open , and the blemish was `` ripe '' so to speak . This thing just does n't work .
 I tried this tool and ended up with bruised skin and the same old blackheads . It is a waste of money . Try Sephora 's extracting tool for results .
 I was glad to finally find the Revlon Blackhead remover again . I had used it back in the 90 's when it was available in retail stores . The old design had a funnel shape and was excellent at removing blackheads . The new design is too flat to remove anything . It causes swelling and does n't make the blackhead pop out , or even rise to the surface . I am disappointed that they changed the design and made it inefficient .
 This blackhead remover works well on pores in hard to reach places , like the crease of your nose , but I could n't get it to work anywhere else . All it did was leave red circles on my cheeks and nose . I still use it for those hard to reach pores around my nose , but it does n't work for open or fleshy areas .
 This did not tighten my skin . It did make it really silky at first then once the season changed winter it no longer worked .
 In October 2010 I purchased Source Naturals L-Tryptophan . It was recommended to help me with light insomnia . One hour after taking only two 500mg capsules I became desperately ill and my health has continued to decline to this day to the point I am now housebound and can not stand for more than a few minutes due to terrible pain . My experiences led me to write two books about what had happened , the horrors myself and my young family have had to endure because I took only two Source Naturals L-Tryptophan capsules . Before and after writing the books my research turned up some very alarming information about this so called `` natural '' company . They produced L-Tryptophan in the 1980s which caused the disease I have now to endure , EMS , or Eosinophilia Myalgia Syndrome . They were litigated to be held accountable to the victims killed or disabled for life . Tryptophan was then banned for a period of more than a decade . And now ? Source `` naturals '' think it acceptable to buy their Tryptophan from China , where it is usually made from duck feathers , -LRB- diseased or not -RRB- . They do not tell you this on the label , the label on the bottle states `` made in the USA '' which is a lie . The Tryptophan is imported from China and merely put into capsules in the USA , then sold to an ignorant public . Legally it is a disgrace , although they are permitted to act in this manner by current legislation . So why should you care ? Why should you stop buying Source Naturals ? For one reason . They are a firm which does NOT have the consumers interests at heart . They are interested mainly in profit , as there are sources of ethically produced Tryptophan around -LRB- plenty of them -RRB- , but Source Naturals consider it more profitable to buy in bulk from the one country we have all heard so many horror stories about when it comes to foods and supplementation - China . If you wish to keep buying Source Naturals products I wish you well , and I hope and pray that you do not contract a horrible disease from their products as a result of their greed , as I have done . Think for a moment before you press that buy button - the Source Natural product you are about to buy may well have an ingredient from a VERY un-natural source .
 This did n't do much for my skin . Most supplements have spurious claims in my experience , but I 've had other supplements do more for me . I would n't buy this again .
 I just got this today . ... Have n't even opened the bottle yet.However , ... I looked at the label which says , `` contains SOY '' !! OMG !! THE WORST THING for my thyroid!Wahhhhhhhhhh !! : > -LRB- Just be advised ... for those of you with thyroid issues .
 I bought this razor in the hopes of finding an inexpensive alternative to the bulky and pricey options currently on the market . I liked the small size and the cheap replacement cartridges . But i was disappointed . The razor is notably rougher on my face than my Schick Quattro - especially if I have skipped a day of shaving . This razor has been banished to the bathroom storage drawer where it will stay until I have time to donate it to Goodwill .
 That 's right . You do n't get the beautiful 2 blade razor . You 're getting a 3 blade . Now , I prefer -LRB- meaning my face -RRB- a 2 blade razor . I do n't understand all of these 4 , or even 5 blades . It 's out of control . They put out great products . Just make sure that you get what you want .
 IT SUCKS ! I got this razor because of the good reviews . OH how they are wrong . The sensor Excel felt like it was tearing up my face . Its a piece of s@#! . My 2 favorite razors are the # 1 Gillette Fusion ProGlide and # 2 Gillette Mach 3 Turbo . I find those to be the best so far . Now however they might work well , but for the price ? no its not really worth it . Thats the main reason i wanted to give the senor excel a try because i wanted to find a more affordable razor . I currently use the Gillette Fusion ProGlide , but i find the price for these razors and the blade cartridges to be over priced . Hopefully the prices will eventually go down . Who knows .
 This pad does not get hot . On highest setting it merely gets slightly warm . This is the second heating pad I purchased from this manufacturer with the same problem . It has become impossible to find a heating padthat truly gets hot without going to a truly high price specialty store . Returning this immediately . Complete waste of money .
 I ca n't say it 's necessarily just this product ; after two old heating pads I 've had for years broke at the same time I have been in search of a new heating pad . This is the second I 've purchased -LRB- first was Sunbeam -RRB- that simply does not get hot . Do they not make heating pads anymore that actually produce heat ?!
 Simply put , this pad does not get hot . Even on the highest setting , this pad barely gets warm enough to make any difference . While the wide elastic Velcro-close band is great , the pad does not NEARLY reach the 120 degrees that the chart on the side of the box suggests . The digital heating pad at my chiropractor 's office is set at 100 and is perfect . Based on that , I would say that this pad probably only reaches about 85 . Do n't waste your money .
 This heating pad is horrible . When it did work -LRB- only for 1 day -RRB- it barely got hot . The next day , it simply stopped heating up and instead just blinks incessantly . I would never buy a product from this company again , it was a complete waste of money .
 If you need heat , this is NOT for you . The quality is not very good either . I would n't recommend it .
 I do not like these vitamins at all and will never buy them again .1 -RRB- The smell/taste is horrible . I have taken different prenatals in 6 different pregnancies , as well as other supplements over the years . These have the worst smell of any pill I 've ever taken , hands down .2 -RRB- You have to take 4 a day . So , the bottle is more expensive than you think , and you have to take 2 monster pills twice a day . This is because the manufacturers are trying to jam in a whole range of nutrients , beyond the big key ones . In comparing these to my new prenatal vitamins , the new ones require taking only one a day and have as much or more of most of the key nutrients of 4 of the Completia pills.Pesonally , I would n't recommend this vitamin to anyone . Even if you want all the miscellaneous nutrients or supplements , I ca n't imagine that there is n't another one somewhere that 's more pleasant to take
 Yes I know the mintyness is supposed to calm upset stomachs . But It does n't . The smell is soo strong that once you open the bottle the smell saturates your cabinet ! Every time you open the cabinet you are assaulted with this smell . You Have to Take 4 Large pills every day . Not one or 2 ... 4 !! That 's a LOT so though the bottle has a lot of pills you think you are getting a good bargain b/c the pills per price is n't too bad , you actually will go through one bottle a month . Almost 200 pills in only a month . really ?! They use fish for the DHA so it still gives you fish burps . Mix that with a weird int taste and your burps make you nauseated . Not to mention being nauseated anyway from trying to take the pills in the first place . If I let the pill sit on my tongue for more than a split second I ca n't swallow the pills . If I try to take it with water I ca n't swallow them . You have to take them with milk or a shake or something b/c the smell and taste just make you sick . You have to eat right after you take them . If you eat before it does n't help with the burps or taste or anything . I 'm also lactose intolerant and allergic to soy ... . so that does n't leave me with many options for something to take the pills with.It would have been nice to see more sides of the bottle and be able to read all of the label before buying it . I know buying online I would n't have been able to smell it or anything but I wo n't be buying these again .
 These smell like plastic and leave an AWFUL taste in your mouth ! As soon as you open the bottle , you start gagging from the stench . I thought there was something wrong with them but I see everyone else is complaining about the smell as well . Do n't buy these ! Ugh !
 These ... are ... disgusting . The smell is horrid and the taste gags me no matter what I take them with . I 'm not even pregnant and ca n't imagine trying to get them down once I get pregnant . Yuck . Add to that the fact that you have to take 4 of these monster pills a day ? You 'd be better off finding something else . I thought these were a bargain until I realized I was paying 15 dollars for a 60 day supply . No thanks .
 I had no idea that a vitamin could taste and smell so bad until I tried these . I did n't have very much morning sickness , but these have always guaranteed a gag , if not an actual vomit . During the first trimester , they were the perfect recipe for sabotaging my morning . I switched to a gel cap in a different brand -LRB- with no taste and only one a day instead of four -RRB- and was very pleased with them . Now , in the middle of the second trimester I 'm back to these awful pills because I hate to waste anything . I dread the moment each morning and evening when the taste of rotten fish poorly masked with herbal tea hits my tongue . The part that really gets me is that the package says `` pleasant aroma . '' Far from it ! Even my husband who has a weak sense of smell finds these vitamins repulsive .
 It 's not just my sensitive pregnant nose , these smell horrible . My husband was sitting next to me and he gagged uncontrollably when I first opened the bottle ! It says on the bottle `` pleasant aroma '' but I ca n't imagine anyone finding peppermint tuna to be a pleasant smell . I also thought that these would be much smaller than they are . I was previously taking a generic Rite Aid prenatal that I found a little on the large side , and I thought that since you have to take 4 of these a day the pills would be smaller . Well , I guess they did n't get that logical leap , because these are the same size as the one a day prenatals I was using . They have DHA and a bunch of other stuff in them that my previous pill did n't contain , but I would far rather choke back a huge fishy omega 3 pill ONCE a day then take 4 of these big pills that are both fishy and minty . I 'm really disappointed and now have to debate with myself as to what wins out -- saving money and choking these horrible things down until they run out , or tossing them out and going back to my one a days . I seriously ca n't understand why anyone would buy these a second time instead of taking a one a day and maybe supplementing with a single dose of DHA . 4 gross pills is way too many.These get 1.5 stars because they are quite literally better than nothing . They have folic acid and other good stuff you need when pregnant or nursing . I will never buy these again and will actively counsel pregnant friends to avoid them in favor of pretty much any other option . Bletch .
 Was thinking this was the same as the bar glycerin soap and is n't . Leaves soap scum behind and does n't cleanse your hands . Very disappointed in this product ; -LRB-
 I have been a devoted Clearly Natural unscented glycerin liquid soap user for the past 6 + years because I have severe sensitive skin and severe eczema . I ca n't use Dove , Ivory , Aveeno , any other soaps that I know of even if they are labelled as `` for sensitive skin `` In Dec 2011 , I ordered my yearly $ 60 + worth of Clearly Natural unscented glycerin liquid soap refills directly from Clearly Natural online and I broke out in hives and itches after one use of the new product.Old Formula
 Actual dimensions are smaller than provided so air can easily pass around the filter . My old filter that was replaced with the same dimensions fit snug in the slot . This one is loose . It is amazing how companies will cut corners .
 They sent the wrong product and it took WAY longer than expected.We used them anyway but it is not correct .
 This is a frustrating gadget that should work and ALMOST does . How difficult can it be to put essential oils on a paper mat and stick it in the diffuser unit ? But if you 're seeking a refreshing boost after slaving over a hot computer all day , you 'll have to wait for the unit to warm up ... and add more oil to the pad to refresh it ! There is not enough heat or capacity to last through one trip , let alone a full day.Bottom line
 I ordered a full year 's supply to save money on shipping . 85 % of the product received has expired -LRB- 3 months after expiration date -RRB- . Since the seller was out of stock , they gave me full refund . The refund was processed promtly .
 this brace was too scratchy and stiff for me ! Mybe if it had some lycra or something with a bit of give .
 We purchased this brace and first of all , the sizing on the brace was not correct -- the size of the brace was much larger . Even if I had been a creative seamstress to make the body of the brace fit , the portion of the brace that circles the arms did nothing to support and pull back the shoulders . Of course , the product was returned . Very disappointing purchase .
 Although I paid a little less then 50 % of listed price , the quality was not to expections . I was n't a good fit for me . It 's difficult to know when you have never used the product if it will fit right . The size was Ok . I would have been very unhappy if I had paid the listed price .
 It 's been over 8 weeks and I see no effects on moles , spots , or skin tags . Maybe it needs more time but I was hoping for something much more effective .
 Used this product just as directed on several moles , not even the slightest improvement . Maybe it works on warts and spots , but not moles .
 It does lighten some spots . Would n't waste any more money on it . Bought two jars and did n't get enough results for cost of one .
 I purchased the product for my parents who have arthritis , but the opener does not work on water bottles , it is actually a tad too large .
 I had received an expired item , 04/11 . I purchased it on 12th of May.I had been cheated .
 Had no effect , or even made me hungrier . I had been using Dex L-10 Hoodia , and it was working pretty well , but I thought this might be even better since it is a pressed caplet and not a capsule so it would be absorbed easier . I was wrong . The caplet do n't even smell too strongly of Hoodia , so that was my first sign that this was a bogus product -LRB- if you 've ever used hoodia as a liquid or capsule , you know it has quite an odor -RRB- . It is like they barely contain any . I even upped the dosage and it did not work . This product is really bad . I will either stick with Dex L-10 or look for something new . I did use Desert Burn one too , and that worked well , but it was very expensive . Hoodia does work provided you can find a product that contains it . Stay away from this one . It is a rip off .
 These are sold as sublingual lozenges , however even after 15 minutes they do n't dissolve . You can chew them , but they taste very bitter -LRB- like chewing on an aspirin -RRB- . I have tried other sublingual vitamins before and they are nothing like this . They are meant to dissolve under your tongue . I will definitely be going back to my old brand .
 Looks really nice but its really cheap plastic , and it broke within a couple weeks of my husband using it . Cheap junk .
 Brush keeps on falling off holder . Maybe its just a defective one , but the top part is not angled properly and the brush keeps sliding off .
 This shaving brush holder was broke when it arrived . I can tell it is cheaply made and even with better packaging it probably would n't take much to break it . Do not buy . Go with the stainless steel , marble or other metal ones .
 As other people said , it was too small to hold my brush . I tried to force the brush into it and one of the prongs snapped right off , I fixed it up with some super glue and duct tape -LRB- took only about half an hour or so -RRB- and now it works nice . It does n't look too great though . If you get it and it is too small , try snapping the prong off and putting a small piece of folded paper between the prong and base , it 'll add a bit of room between the prongs and will work . If you want something that 'll work out of the box , do n't buy this . If you do n't mind fiddling a little , then go for it . ********* UPDATE ************ The duct tape and super glue started to wear off , my brush started to fall out of the holder . I bought a different holder and trashed this one . I do n't reccommend this product . If it does happen to fit your brush , then great , it is an attractive little holder .
 Has a nice old school look to it , but would be better without the hole and sticky tape on the back -LRB- which I removed , since I wanted it to be free standing -RRB- . I had to grind out the opening where the brush is held to allow it to go in properly . Dremel tool to the rescue . After that it does what it supposed to . Did n't bother me since the price was reasonable , but the quality reflects the price .
 Ca n't wrap this product around my neck so it actually touches your skin therefore it is useless to me . It is not moldable until tje ice insert melts which makes it a poor design .
 I bought this product yesterday for the first time . I had run to the store to buy Abreva -LRB- which I know works -RRB- . However Abreva was $ 20 for a tiny tube and this was under $ 10 for a slightly bigger tube . So I bought this as I had heard good things about lysine for cold sores . I applied this early and often -LRB- every hour -RRB- as the tingling had just started -LRB- I only get cold sores about every 5 years or so , and only when I 'm very stressed out -RRB- . I gave it 2 stars because the cream itself is quite soothing and feels nice to apply . However this cream did virtually nothing to lessen the outbreak . This morning I woke up with blisters and a big fat lip . I ran to my bathroom and squeezed out the very last drop of my abreva cream and applied it right away , although its likely too late now to do much . Abreva 's price is sadly too high and therefore prohibitive for some people . If you are looking to soothe a cold sore I would buy this again , but it wo n't stop the outbreak or decrease it at all , at least that 's what I found .
 Broken when arrived from amazon . The item is made from cheap plastic and was broken when I received it . Do n't waste your money on this one , buy a better one .
 not adjustable and not wide enough to hold my shaving brush . considering that I only paid a few bucks for it I can search for another brush .
 We bought this item from Amazon couple of weeks back , and the product expiry date was just 2 months from the purchase date . So was really disappointed ! Usually infant vitamin drops that we buy at the local pharmacies do not expire for atleast a year or two . .
 I used this product for over a year and was feeling better . However , when my TSH level was tested , it was 4 times that it should be . This product makes no claims to adjust your TSH -- but it is odd that it would get so bad over time.As a result of not taking an actual replacement hormone , that caused another health problem . I believe that my energy level went up due to the ingredients , but it did not address the issue . Someone like me should have been taking an actual hormone and if appropriate , supplement with this . But after what happened , I wo n't be taking it any more for now.It was mentioned by one doctor that it is unclear what this product may have contributed to . All I know is that it is not suitable for people who are really lacking thyroid hormones . You need to take a natural actual hormone or a synthetic one . I am on one now and feel much , much better than ever . I dropped 20 lbs in the last few months and all I did was stop taking this and take a hormone instead .
 I read several reviews and figured it would be a miracle wonder if I gave it the three months to work . I am on my fourth bottle , I even took a double dose for a month.I do not look yellow and some of the swelling has gone from my face I will finish the product but I will not order anymore .
 I got 10 of these with my Medtronic CGM and , beside being too small , they start to lift in a very short time making them totally innefective for what they 're intended , to keep my CGM dry . I used 2 this morning when I changed my sensor and they both came loose before I left the house for work.Luckily I have a friend who wanted Bioclusive dressings and asked me to order her some at which time I accidentally ordered 2 boxes . Since she could only afford 1 , I kept one . I 'm glad I did now . Much better product if you can find and afford it .
 This product seems to be adequate but I expected more pieces . They are pretty pricey but that may be the cost of being a diabetic .
 An IBS sufferer almost my entire life , I found Heather 's website the most useful tool ever invented in the management of IBS . Her practical examples and thorough explanations were more productive than all the doctors I 've ever consulted put together -LRB- and there have been many -RRB- . Unfortunately , the Acacia Tummy Fiber just did NOT work for me . I followed all the directions given to no avail . Every time I ingested the solution I felt like I was on the verge of an IBS attack with abdominal cramps and spasms . The store I had bought it at promised to give me store credit since I had already opened the package . I called Heather 's office -LRB- 1-206-264-8069 -RRB- and they agreed to work with the store for a full refund.So even though the product did not work FOR ME , I have a lot of respect for Heather 's knowledge and useful experience that she shares with IBS sufferers .
 All this product did was give me a temporary peace of mind . . It did nothing to ease my IBS . . Though , perhaps I am a special case . In my honest opinion
 Did the price just jump $ 5 in a month ? If so , I 'm done with the product !
 I have tried all fibers . This fiber is the most expensive and caused me the most pain for my IBS . I cramped up so bad I thought I had the stomach bug so I stopped taking this fiber and it went away . Went back on this fiber and was sick with cramps again . Do n't buy this product , see if you can get a sample first before buying it . I bought a large container and now I have to throw it away . The only fiber that works for me is Citrucel . I wish they had unflavored , though . Benefiber does not work either ! Hope this helps someone .
 After just one day on this fiber my IBS was worse , I suffer from IBS-D and this made me go more , not less . It caused my BM 's to worsen and burn . I do not recommend this product . I stopped for a few days and felt better and than I tried this product again and the problems came back .
 I REGULARLY USE THIS FIBER POWDER BUT USUALLY ORDER IT DIRECTLY FROM HEATHERS IBM SITE WHERE IT IS FRESH . I RECEIVED THIS ORDER FROM AMAZON AND IT WAS OLD WITH AN EXPIRED DATE FROM MONTHS BERFORE . WHEN THE POWDER IS NOT FRESH IT DOES NOT DISOLVE CORRECTLY . VERY DISAPOINTED AND WILL NOT ORDER ANY FOOD ITEMS FROM AMAZON AGAIN .
 I 'd read raving reviews about this product being so benign with regard to IC so decided to try it because in addition to IC I have constipation . within a day of starting the Heather 's Tummy Fiber , I started a Bladder Flare - at first I thought it was due to some other food I 'd eaten that 's not on my `` okay '' list -- but after sticking strictly to my diet of foods that I know do not cause IC flares , and continuing to use just a small amount of Heather 's Tummy Fibre I had the worst bladder flare -LRB- in intensity and length -RRB- I 've ever had . It finally dawned on me what was causing it -LRB- by the way , it worked great for the constipation -RRB- - a day after stopping use of the Heather product , my bladder flare was gone . So it obviously does not work for everyone !!
 I have used Heather 's fiber for about 2 yrs . It NEVER helped me be regular and I hardly noticed any difference with or without it . Since I have severe food allergies and I can not take any other kind of fiber , I kept taking it because acaia is really my only option . I almost wanted to give up on fiber because it never helped me at all , yet I would see other people taking Metamucil and Citrucel -LRB- which I am allergic to -RRB- have great success . I recommend trying other acacia fibers and AVOIDING Heather 's . I am very surprised and disappointed that this fiber has such high ratings . I wish I could give it 0 stars.I recently tried a pouch of organic acacia fiber I found at Whole Foods because I ran out of Heather 's . It was AMAZING !! and I was regular within 1 day and have been ever since ! The fiber I got at Whole Foods is called Tribez Nutrition Organic Acacia Fiber -- 16 oz and I ordered lots of it from Amazon . -LSB- ... -RSB- I noticed it was completely different than Heather 's right away . It is light brown in color and has a very strong smell and taste . Tribez fiber looks like chocolate when mixed with water but it still dissolves really easily . It tastes pretty strange but that is hardly a problem considering its benefits ! As soon as you drink it , it has a very soothing and relaxing feeling on the way down , calming the stomach and later the intestines . It really helps with IBS - something I never experienced from Heather 's . Whatever is in Heather 's is HIGHLY PROCESSED and bleached and whatever is done to it makes it useless as a fiber . There is no other way to explain the night and day difference between my new Tribez fiber and Heather 's . I really wish I hadnt wasted so much time with this fiber . I could have prevented the irregularity and constipation I had for years . My husband is now switching to Tribez away from Metamucil.Tribez costs about the same amount per pouch , but if you order it from Vitacost on Amazon they give you free shipping if the order is over a certain $ amount . So , in the end it was actually cheaper than Heather 's and cheaper than buying it from Whole Foods . Also , you have to add in the fact that it actually works :-RRB- . Best of luck and I hope you have great success with Tribez acacia fibers .
 I tried the acacia powder ... it was the worst thing I have ever done in regards to trying to help my IBS.I felt worse and had to stop.I threw it in the trash.I would not recommend this stuff at all !
 I had high hopes for this product but it did n't help me , just caused the same painful bloating as all the other fibers I have tried in the past . I wo n't be using it again .
 I took this about 7 months ago for several weeks and it worked for the first few days but had no effect thereafter . I was frustrated and tried the unpopular synthetic product Benefiber instead and very much like this product , I gradually increased the dosage . I eventually moved away from Benefiber and I 'm still incurring many of the symptoms of IBS . Nevertheless , this did n't work for me . I gave it 2 out of 5 stars instead of 1 out of 5 because it worked for the first few days , so something productive happened .
 This fiber gave me very bad bloating , gas and more pain . It constipated me even more . Maybe it will work for somebody out there , but not me .
 I tried Heather 's Tummy Fiber . It made my IBS worse . I had more pain , cramping , gas , etc. and I gradually increased the amount . Also I found it expensive . I am now taking Fibersure . It has 5 grams of soluble fiber to a heaping teaspoon and its alot cheaper than Heathers . -LRB- And with Fibersure , there is a money back guarantee if you are not satisfied -RRB- . I dumped what was left of Heather 's tummy fiber down the drain .
 I did not like these . They are n't very big and they are pre-formed in a rounded shape . They are also really thick . I prefer a different brand .
 Love the product , but was quite unimpressed when it arrived in a shipping envelope all beat up with the pads full of packing lint !
 It upset my stomach and did n't help my knees after several months of usage . Check with your MD before using this product .
 This product does not come with the screws or washers to hold the knobs to the handle bars . I put the unit together and thought that I had 4 missing parts . I called the company and was told that they do not send these with the rollator . Nor do they carry the parts.I would assume that when you spend this amount of money , and for the safety of an elderly person , it would only make sense to toss in 2 washers and 2 screws . These are not your average type of parts at your local hardware store.Beware of this product and the missing parts that do not come with the item . Loose handle bars that can not be secured in place , is an accident ready to happen . And useless to use.It is a shame to spend this much money and parts be missing , only to be told ' we do not carry the washer and the screws ' . The item is all put together , except these other parts needed . Too big to send back . They should tell you that they do not carry these BEFORE you buy it . How much effort would it have been for the seller to provide 2 screws and 2 washers ? I thought the company was joking when they told me that they do not provide these parts to secure their product . Nor do they sell them.Buy local , atleast you can see if you got your monies worth.Disgusted in Massachusetts with this Duro-Med rollator product and their answer to me . And ' yes ' , I can send it back , all because of 2 screws and 2 washers . And being very unsafe with these needed items . How much easier it would be to add 2 screws and 2 washers in with their product . After all , it is suppose to be a safety feature for the elderly , half walker on wheels and half chair to rest when tired.Again , I 'll buy local and see what I am getting and to make sure that all the needed parts come with the product . I do not blame Amazon , they would not know the parts are not sold with this rollator , unless they bought one too . I wish the safety commission had bought one .
 Be sure to measure your doorway clearances carefully . The walker would not fit through many doorways , making it useless.You should be advised you need to ship this back at your OWN expense , plus they charge a ridiculous 18 % restocking fee . If you 're lucky you may get fifty bucks back when it 's all over . Very bad policy for customers !
 After looking at many rolling walkers and reading all the reviews , I decided to purchase this one . The seat is extra-wide to accommodate me , and I can even fold it up and put it in the trunk of the car . The BIG downside to this walker is that the overall height -LRB- the wheelbase to the seat -RRB- is NOT adjustable , only the handles . When I need to sit I must put on the breaks and then tiptoe up to shimmy onto the seat . Then , when I sit fully on the seat my both feet swing freely , I 'm 5 ' 5 '' tall . Since this is extra-wide , I have found that it does not go through a few of the doors in my house . I would heartily recommend it to tall plus-size persons and you might want to check the opening measurement of your doors .
 This rollator came with the right hand brake missing . I called the manufacturer , the distributor and Amazon . None of them could supply the missing piece and wanted me to pack it up and they would pick it up and reship . I figured if it was that difficult to get an integral part for this rollator , I did n't want it and just told them to pick it up . I ended up purchasing the Nova Mini Mack from a different manufacturer and was very happy with my purchase .
 I was very excited to buy the new product from V'TAE called Happy Trails . I had loved the former product called Bye Bye Bug because it truly kept the mosquitos and gnats away without using citronella and had a wonderful non-chemical smell . I looked forward to mosquito season just so I could use the Bye Bye Bug with confidence . When I found this new product from V'TAE and it said is was the same as Bye Bye Bug and was at a great price , I ordered 2 bottles ! Well , sad to say it is NOT the same product ! The moment I sprayed it on my daughter said , it smells like those candles you buy and put outside to keep the bugs away = CITRONELLA ! Sure enough , citronella has been added to what was a great product before . Now it smells like any other bug repellant -LRB- unfortunately the catnip , lemongrass and clove ca n't cover that overpowering smell of citronella -RRB- . I ca n't understand why they added that ingredient when it worked perfectly without it . I hope they go back to their old recipe and skip the citronella !
 I 've used the product for about a month . It gets and stays warm , so I know it 's there , but it does n't really do much for my arthritis pain . However , there 's not much that does , but I keep trying .
 I have no review for this product because it ** never ** showed up . Not even after I contacted the company - the Vitamin Shoppe - and asked what had happened .
 This deodorant does n't work well for guys . The scent is a little sweet , like incense . It does n't really fight deodorant the way Arm & Hammer naturals does , although those have triclosan . Back to the drawing board .
 I purchased this deodorant a few days ago , used it today for the first time . Applied it this morning , and then reapplied around noon because it felt like I needed to . . and now I smell ! I have n't done any strenuous activities , and have n't been in the sun all day or anything like that . I was trying to be good and not purchase an antiperspirant with nasty chemicals in it , but this definitely IS N'T the one for me !
 THATS ALL i GOT TO SAY ! Doesnt work . I cant stop perspirating . Within 2 hours I begain to have a B.O. Heck useless !
 I ordered this when I tried the HCG diet . The diet worked fine . I honestly did n't notice a difference in the days when I tried the `` approved '' toiletries and days when I did n't . I tried this for 3 days ... it burned my skin and went on smelling like BO . Would not recommend it to anyone .
 I 've been a fan of JASON Tea Tree Deodorant for a while , but the stick I recently ordered smells terrible ! It can only be compared to cheap motel bar soap or a tacky bathroom deodorizer . It is truly revolting . I have contacted JASON to see if they have changed the formula . I still have my old stick and the comparison is shocking . Normally , the stick has a very subtle , fresh , natural fragrance . This is so strong and disgusting - I had just showered and deodorized and had to shower again and throw my shirt in the wash . I really hope this is just one bad stick and that I can continue to purchase this deodorant .
 Well , the product does naturally cover the embarrassing smell of unwanted body odor , but only by surpassing it with the hideousness of its own scent . I 'd rather die young than deal with this horrible smell .
 This was my time switching to an organic deodorant ; I was pleasantly surprised for about the 1st week ... but now I realize that clearly had more to do w / nice weather than the deodorant . I 'm nearing the end of the stick and have been disgusted by my own B.O. for a least a month . After I shower I apply once or twice a day ; if I 'm understand the sun the funk kicks in/if I 'm reapplying , it kinda masks odor for about 30 minutes . I 'm in LA , it gets hot ; sometimes I bike , sometimes I 'm just walkin to the corner store , either way I come home reeking . I am woman , my body does n't perspire a lot , most of my sweat come out from my head . My pits end up smelling better when I do n't use any deodorant at all -LRB- instead of Jason 's -RRB- !
 I wore this deodorant for half a day and had to wash my arm pits because i did n't like the smell . It smells like something an old lady would wear . I have no idea if it would break me out or not because i did n't wear it long enought . I guess if someone likes the smell of it then i guess its good deodorant for them . Other than that i 'll pass .
 I bought this deodorant at Kroger because I have recently tried to switch all my lotions and beauty care to all natural products with no parabens or alumanum . I was happy to find this and it smelled ok when I first got it . However , once I put it on it smelled like old lady perfume and it was so STICKY ! It felt like I had put honey under my arms . I really wanted to love this but I guess I 'll have to keep looking for a natural deodorant that has a powder texture to it with a better smell .
 They taste great and that is why I gave them a 2 star instead of a one . More like candy than a throat lozenge . They crumble instantly and dissolve in your mouth immediately . The effects last for about 5 minutes . Do n't waste your money-go get Hall 's Menthol Eucalytus instead .
 Do n't waste your time or money . Shipment was not on time -LRB- although they charged my card immediately -RRB- . I suffer from a very dry mouth and am constantly trying new things for relief . This is n't it ... not even close . The lozenges have the consistency of cardboard ... which really does n't help dry mouth suffers .
 I just bought one of these clippers . It gets very HOT . The `` cool running '' description is wrong . This is n't any better than the cheaper Wahl adjustable clippers . I paid too much.But I 've tried other clipper brands over the years . Wahl clippers are the only clippers I use . They are the best . But this one being advertised as cool running is false advertisement .
 As I write this review I have blood dripping off the side of my head from using this clipper . The ends of the blades are extremely sharp so when they encounter a bump on your head they just shear it off . This is the third time I have shaved off bumps from my head using this shear . Never had this problem before with other shears . Wife not happy throwing away blood stained pillow cases as well ...
 I ordered this based on suggestions from fellow barbers . I went through 3 pair in 6 months , sending them back for the same reason every time ; pulling hair . When you 're working fast , pulling can cause injury to the client . Also , the lettering on top started rubbing off in the 1st week . After the 3rd one started pulling hair , I was done . I went back to my Wahl Sterling 4 . Despite the raving of my co-workers , this machine is definitely not for me and my clients . Amazon was amazing with exchanges/returns though ! They sent my replacement BEFORE I returned the bad one , and gave me a PAID return address label so I had no out of pocket expense to return .
 Not sure these were recently made or had not been stored improperly . The adhesive did n't seem to be 100 % therefore they did n't stay on as long as intended . Considered asking for a refund .
 This is junk . The telescoping height adjustment is `` hair '' triggered . If up bump the table it telescopes up . Ca n't put food or drinks on it unless you want to clean up a mess . The laminated top is coming off due to the press board top is soaking in water due to spills . Do not buy this product .
 The table seems fine for its purpose , and it was easy to assemble , but the product description says it extends to 45 inches . Really ? 39.5 inches is as high as I can get it . Unless I made a mistake assembling it , this is as high as it will go . So I 'm disappointed . Buyers should be able to rely on a product description for accurate information . I 'm not there to examine it , so how else am I going to know how it will perform -LRB- apart from the reviews -RRB- ? I wanted a table that extends to 45 inches as promised . Instead , I got a table that only extends to 39.5 inches . Not happy !
 I found the assembly instructions to be poor.The item it self needs to be improved as it does n't lock in place very good . After spending alot of time in the hospital recently and comparing this item to the ones in the hospital does n't even come close to the hospitals .
 The product is very unsatisfactory and not as pictured or described . One can not lower the table once fully extended . I contacted the vendor and they want a picture showing the problem and are quite willing to help resolve the problem . In the meantime , I have ordered the same -LRB- it is hoped -RRB- from Amazon from a different vendor.I did not assemble the table , as I was in the hospital , my neighbor , who is quite mechanically inclined , reported that it did not work properly.Tom
 When I got the item , it was missing parts an did not work . I tried to exchange the item and was told a replacement part would be sent . I waited over a month , will sending many request for help . I never got anything . Tried to email many times , with no reply.I gave up after 45 days from order date . I took the table to a machine shop who made a part for the table.they charged $ 15.00 , which I paid . As of today no reply or help from BP Medical . I will never do busness with they again .
 There is a rod that is n't listed in the parts or described in the instructions.Perhaps that is why the table wo n't adjust and is completely unusable for me.Sadly it was a waste of my money . Rare disappointment with a product bought on Amazon .
 Table was exactly what I was looking for but when I opened the box -LRB- had to rip it open because of all the tape -RRB- one of the pre-attached wheels -LRB- plastic -RRB- was smashed rendering the table useless -LRB- lopsided -RRB- . I attempted to contact customer service , which you can only do via email and it took them three weeks to respond . They told me to return the table in it 's original carton !!! Totally dissatisfied with this product and it 's leaning against the wall in my bedroom propped up on a couple of DVD 's !!!
 i had this table sent to my brother for my mom who was getting home from hospital . when he opened it it was broken in half.i would think it would have been shipped better .
 This product arrived with a broken caster . It was supposed to be a Christmas gift for my elderly grandmother . Consequently , I had nothing to give her on Christmas day other than a three-legged table . They told me I 'd have a new caster in five days . Nothing came . No one called . I called back and was assured they were on top of it . They said they had received many similar complaints . They promised me a call back for a date I could expect the new caster . That call never came . I finally ordered a new table just thinking I 'd take the caster out of the new box and replace it on my three-wheeled original order . Instead , they sent me a different model , so I had to assemble a new table and disassemble the old table . Hours of my time wasted on the phone and assembling/disassembling . The new table they sent me is n't level and the mechanism for moving it up and down does n't work . It feels like a cheaper table . This has been the most miserable product experience of the past couple of years for me . Do not order products from this company .
 This was a big mistake ... ordering this item ... had to assemble using very unclear instructions ... not user friendly at all ... when finished , the table top raised itself to its tallest level and would not adjust downward ... I am now stuck with a totally unusable five foot + table ... in order to return it I would have to dis-assemble the entire thing -LRB- somehow -RRB- and ship it back ... I 've learned my lesson and will not order anything that I would have to assemble myself ... I will eat the cost of this thing ... and donate it to charity if they will take it . Buyer beware .
 I ordered this back in August and it was great , I had no complaints . It was just as how it was pictured . It locked in place , was adjustable , and was easy to set up . I had to get another one of these so I re-ordered it , and they SENT ME THE WRONG TABLE . It is a different color and the lever is different . On top of that , it does n't lock !!!!! Why would you make a table that does n't lock ? I want the table I ordered not this junk ! I am giving this 1 star because they should have known to send me the right table . Also , it looks absolutely nothing like the photo so they are misleading their customers .
 One of the casters/wheels was broken in many pieces and I have been unable to obtain a full replacement for this item . I have also searched and can not find a place to purchase a new caster at my own expense .
 Not an Invacare - made by Drive Medical . As another here mentioned it does not lower or extend down . Called Eva Medical and their entire support staff was on lunch the operator told me . But she provided me with the manufacturer , who I also called and talked to their tech support . They then proceeded to find an arbitrary problem and blame me for the malfunction . Then just as a hypothetical I told them I never adjusted it and asked , `` NOW what do I do , I was just kidding . '' Turns out their solution for that also was that it was still broken and I needed to buy a replacement part , this time just a different piece . So their only solution is shipping products that are damaged and making you buy replacements and get refunded through another company - in both my situation and the hypothetical one I posed to them where what they blamed on me was not the case , the solution was still buying replacement parts from them . All recent reviews are complaints about malfunctioning products , and unless this is something you 're interested in stay clear of Drive Medical and their products .
 The assembly instructions are a joke , and the parts are mislabeled . First it tells you to remove all parts . One of the parts says to remove a screw , but if you do that before you assemble the whole piece , a metal column shoots out at you and a metal rod inside it almost hit me in the face . After that it 's impossible to assemble it properly , especially since the screws are mislabeled . I do n't know how they expect elderly people who need this sort of table to assemble this -- this company should be ashamed of itself for selling a defective item with incorrect instructions.Oh , another thing
 This product contains carmine color , also known as cochineal extract . This sounds innocuous enough , but do you know what it is ? BEETLES . Yes , crushed beetle extract . Cochineal is a nice way of saying crushed female cactus beetles.It makes absolutely no sense for the manufacturer to add this non-nutritive , potentially dangerous substance to a product for pregnant women . Not only does adding carmine -LRB- beetle -RRB- extract render the product non-kosher and non-vegetarian , it causes severe allergic reactions in some people . -LRB- Please visit the FDA website for more information . -RRB- The ` yuck ' factor alone is enough to turn those seeking a DHA supplement away in disgust.Mashed beetles with that DHA for you and your baby , mom-to-be ? No thank you !
 I work the over night shift and I am on my feet all night long . I have tryed about 4 different foot massagers from one that I bought in a garage sale for $ 7.00 to my latest purchase of this Medi-Rub Foot Massager 2000 Plus . I purchased mine on Ebay for $ 130.00 . The product is built very well as others have mentioned and has a pretty powerful motor . When mine was delivered I put it on my carpet in front of my favorite chair and sat down and picked the highest setting immediately . I had read several reviews that said the high setting was just to much to take . I disagree , although I realize many people have tender sore feet or a medical condition that would keep them from using the high setting , it did n't feel that powerful to me . In fact I wish it had a higher setting . I did n't find it all that spectular or any kind of miracle cure for my sore feet either as I expected . I also left it on for more than 10-15 minutes , more like 35 minutes . You can feel it in your calfs as others have mentioned . It sure did n't take the pain and soreness away from my feet so far . I have used it several times after work and I would rate it average at best . A good hand foot massage ranks higher in my book . I think that this product is way over priced and glad I did n't pay the full price for a new one . The $ 7.00 massager I got at a garage sale performs almost as well as this Medi-Rub at a fraction of the cost . For those who have found it to be a miracle cure for their feet ... good for you and it might work for others too . But Please shop around ... for the $ 279 ... or on some sites over $ 300.00 it is not worth the cost in my opinion . This thing should sell for no more than $ 49.00 ... tops . When your feet hurt it does n't matter if it 's made in the USA or at The North Pole , you just want relief . I found that just soaking my feet in a tub of hot water with some epson salts much more soothing than this massager . I have put my money into a great set of orthotic inserts and some very comfortable running shoes which has brought me much better relief from my foot pain than using this massager . I was pretty disappointed ... live and learn ! Hope that helps !
 We got the MediRub Foot Massager to counteract the effects of neuropathy primarily in my wife 's feet as the result of chemotherapy . Although the machine seems very well constructed , all it does is vibrate . There is no `` massage '' to the action at all . The bumpy surface may keep your feet from slipping off , but it has no independent effect on the feet at all . Unfortunately , I threw the box away after we opened it or I would have sent the item back for a refund . It is a pretty expensive apparatus.Bottom line
 i only tried this medirub for 2 days ... but that was enough for me to know that this wasnt the foot massager for me . when i placed my feet on the medirub without shoes , it felt like i had my feet on a bag of wasps . i then put it on low and that felt like a bag of mosquitoes . so , i put my shoes on and it was more tolerable . but the medirub was on a tiled floor and kept moving away from my body . i ended up sending it back . though , the first time i used it for aprox 10mins , it made my feet feel , only slightly better . like from a 3 to a 2.25 -LRB- even thought im not supposed to use fractions/decimals -RRB-
 I was just looking for a simple foot massager . This is n't the one for me ! Too rough , and just shook and shook . Did n't really do anything but shake .
 This foot massager does not really massage -- in the sense that it applies useful pressure at particular points to relax or knead muscles . It simply vibrates , tingling the feet and ankles with vibration . If this is what you are looking for you might like it . If you are looking for any kind of deeper massage you will be disappointed .
 I read good reviews and bought at last min . for my fiance for Christmas . I paid a lot for freight and she was so excited to use it ... There was not much in the way of a manuel ... . but there is a swith for low and high ... . so we just plugged it in and started using it . It was working just fine for 10 min . then it stopped ... Very disapointing for an expensive massager !
 If you get one that goes bad , BEWARE . If it 's out of Amazon 's return window , this company WILL NOT stand behind their product . They suggested that I have Amazon repair it . Nice , huh ?
 vibrates -LRB- walks -RRB- away from user -LRB- on ANY floor other than very thick carpet -RRB- . WAY Too harsh for a diabetic . Way Too noisy to watch TV with . Forced to wear shoes -LRB- feet platform is hard plastic waffle pattern -RRB- . Who wants a foot message with their shoes on ? I am a diabetic and the last thing I want is to wear vibrating shoes and get a foot abrasion that will not heal . This unit damaged my neuropathy feet after 3 sessions of 15 minutes each over three days . Returned product using amazon 's great return policy .
 This was not what I had expected . When I tried to return it after only 24hours I was told that once the box was opened it could not be returned . I ca n't believe such a policy exists today . I certainly would never have purchased this item if I had known in advance about this ridiculous return policy .
 I experience what is called leaky gut , and it is when you smell like feces all the time . This product did not help me with that .
 First and foremost , THESE LIGHTERS ARE MINATURES . NOTHING in the description indicated that , either at the time of purchase and still not when I wrote this review . I should have read the only review posted before I purchased them . Now there are two out of two thumbs down votes . I would have given it a 0 , but you have to choose at least one star . More than being small , they are also cheap brittle plastic
 So disappointed . I actually threw them away . Slim and light I was looking for , but 2 inches tall with an extremely hard to push trigger , they are impossible to light .
 in my opinion this does n't taste so great . of course it 's hard to do artificial banana . but this artificial banana is a loser for me . I 'll stick with creamy chocolate which is wonderful thank goodness .
 I just received my 24 cns ... for 55 . ?? WAY OVERPRICED !! it taste like chocolate and its smooth , a bit thinker than Atkins and some others ... It states on CAN that Sugars 1 and Carbs 4 . NOW ... . It is made with that Surclose or whatever which is really SPLENDA . its sweet real sweet ... I thinf the carbs or sugar should be lowered ... . Anyway , why does every manufacturer of these Protien shakes and powder drinks ALL make the calorie content so god damned HIGH ... ??? 179 calories a can ... I still have to work it off ... if using this to up your protien on Atkins or Low Carb diet ... if you are a weight lifter than no problem ... thats a lot of calorlies to walk the F off ... why not lower the calories to 50 and we can drink 3 a day if we want ... I dont think it is the purest or best or even as good as WHEY PROTIEN . So we lose out there . I ca n't figure why I did not lose a pound unless the sugars/carbs in this product are just too HIGH and stopped my weight loss !! Too $ $ $ $ anyway would never order again . I thought I was getting double the order for that $ $ $ $ .
 The shake is watery and makes me want to chug a gallon of bleach to remove the horrific aftertaste . It also contains soy , which is an ESTROGEN ! I just bought these for the extra protein , but if I were a guy interested in building muscle , the last thing I 'd drink is something with -LRB- essentially -RRB- estrogen in it -LRB- which , by the way , is also bad for women to consume , unless you like cancer -RRB- . Even if you do n't find the taste as foul as I do , do some research before you consider eating hormones -LRB- i.e. , soy -RRB- . It 's my fault for not reading the ingredients , but this product does not deserve favorable reviews with regard to flavor . * Shudder *
 Tummy Tuck DON `` T WORK !!! , Very small jar . . only last 's a week : + -LRB- S O R R Y !!!!
 It does n't work . It softens skin and that is all . You just need to watch what goes in your mouth and what comes out to lose weight .
 This product does not work . Just a waste of money as far as I 'm concerned . If I would be asked about this product , I would tell them to not waste their money because it does n't work ,
 Have used this cream for 3 weeks ... not showing much , if any changes in tightness ... unless I put a waist belt on with it ...
 We bought our 1st Marpac back in the early 90 's and loved it and still use it . I have bought some other lesser priced ones for traveling and none of them were nearly as good at the Marpac . Somehow I stumbled on this and realized it was just like our old one that has been used thousands of times and decided that cheaper is not always better . Thank you for such a great product !!!
 Absolutely loved this travel sound conditioner . Unfortunately it broke in less than a year so we have to order a new one . Maybe they make it that way ? 1
 Do n't bother ... it 's not worth the big price they 're asking . I have an inexpensive Homedics and the Marsona is about the same quality . I only kept the Marsona because it is very slightly lighter for traveling . Marpac should make this model with the option to run on batteries to make it lighter for travel . The unit is light , but the power cord is way too heavy .
 There was nothing wrong with the product itself but I am a very light sleeper and this sound machine still made too much noise for me to sleep . If I did fall asleep I woke up often and could n't get back to sleep easily . I did better with ear plugs so I returned this product .
 This machine is small enough to travel well . It only makes one type of sound -LRB- kind of like rain -RRB- so all you can adjust is the intensity and volume . It shorted out and would stop and start which wakes you up defeating the purpose . It is too expensive for having no sound selections and being cheaply made .
 I was led to believe that this was a powerful machine . Yeah right ! I even called every company selling this product and they all told me how great it was and how powerful it was . I need something strong because of the noise in my apartment building . The reviews on here were also great , so I took my chances . When I received it , I was terribly disappointed . It was no more powerful that the Marpac 980 , which I also think is not nearly powerful enough for my situation . I hear people say that these machines are too loud . I ca n't understand how they come up with that . I returned the Marsona 330 , and then I tried the Ecotones Duet -- I am finally happy .
 I 've never had to return anything on Amazon , but I returned this white noise machine and the battery pack I returned separately . After just a few days ' use , it malfunctioned -- it made a horrible screeching sound . Before it malfunctioned , I enjoyed it -- I liked that one could adjust the volume and the type of noise . I 'm not sure what the warranty is on Amazon -LRB- I think I 've heard that it 's just 30 days -RRB- , but buyer beware!One other thing
 If all you are looking for is a machine to make white noise then you will like this one . The sound therapy machine I have at home actually makes different sounds including white noise . I bought this to travel with and all it does is change the pitch of the white noise to make different sounds . For the price I expected better .
 I 'd like to give it a review but no power adapter with cord and so on was included . I got a plug adapter for international use , but nothing to power the unit . I have no idea how good it is and am returning it .
 If you do n't like this product then you are stuck with it since they ship it without any return address and if you try calling their customer service number or contact them by phone NO ONE answers . It looks like this company is a one-man show working from his garage . I have been trying to contact them for over a week now and have n't been successful .
 This machine only worked for a couple of minutes . The sounds of rain etc did not resmble natural sounds . They were just white noise variations .
 We ordered this in January 2012 and by the end of May 2012 , it was making an intermitent loud static sound , which would wake you up . Wo n't buy this brand again .
 We 've used Marpac machines before and they were excellent ; but this Travel machine did n't make the grade . Sound not loud enough for us and the construction did n't seem any better than the $ 20 ones we 've used . This was $ 50 + . We returned it to Amazon .
 I purchased this TSC330 because I have other white noise machines made by Marpac and have been pleased . I needed a small unit that would pack easily for travel . After the first use it developed a random click which wakes me up . I plan on contacting the company to either have it fixed or will request my money refunded .
 My husband got this product because he often wakes up in the middle of the night with no specific reason and can not go back to sleep . I have to say it is not working . Not only it does n't help my husband , but wakes ME up . I do n't hear any difference between noise from this machine and white noise from a radio even though it claims whatever sound -LRB- waves ? winds ? -RRB- it is . I am pushing my husband to return the thing . It is also so expensive just to have white noise , which , in my opinion , a radio from a dollar shop can make as good .
 I just got this to replace an Ecotones machine -LSB- ASIN : B002SMJQT4 Ecotones Sound + Sleep Machine , Model ASM1002 -RSB- that quit after a power fluctuation . This new one is not satisfactory because it is n't loud enough . It only has three sounds -- surf , waterfall , and rainfall . The sound on the `` surf '' setting almost disappears as the surf ebbs . The loudest setting is for the rainfall . But at the loudest , the rainfall sound is too highly pitched , and almost hurts your ears . I would recommend you try something else if you really need a loud white noise to cover sounds at night .
 Although this product claims to have rain and wave sounds , the only sound it makes -LRB- in different volumes and pitches -RRB- is static . It 's about as pleasant as falling asleep with the tv untuned , which used to be possible back in the days before cable . That 's not to say that this is a bad product , and certainly it 's possible people enjoy listening to static before they fall asleep , but I do not .
 Okay , I have given this product a thorough testing . I started my journey with the Vyotech body sculpting lotion which I got for free with a supp warehouse purchase . I used that religiously for 2 months and noticed absolutely no noticeable/related weight loss or targeted fat loss other than that which I achieved from strict diet and tons of exercise during that time period . So I thought it was because that product wasnt as good as the one that cost $ 40 - ab solution plus . So after reading reviews that ab solution plus worked and people saw amazing results with spot treating fat loss I bought it and used it religiously for 6 weeks . It doesnt work . I lost weight and toned my mid section , but its because I did 30 - 50 minutes of cardio 5-6 days a week , maintained a reduced calorie diet -LRB- less than 2000 calories a day -RRB- stayed away from sweets , sodas , white rice/pasta/bread , all known unhealthy food -LRB- fast food/pizza/etc -RRB- - drank a ton of water , and weight lifted 4-5 days a week - including serious ab exercises like hanging leg raises , cable crunches , weighted side extensions for tight love handles , among others.I can honestly say that this product is bogus and does not target fat loss or help get a ripped mid section . Thats what I bought it for and I didnt just rely on the cream . I can feel my ripped 6-pack muscles and can slightly see them depending on how i stand/flex/lighting - but this cream did nothing to get me there.I believe the reviews that say it worked were written by people from the company . While this is probably a good hydrating cream for your skin , i think you can get the same results by using some jergens for 5 bucks . It does have menthol in it , so you will feel like its `` burning '' away the fat - but that is BS . And the menthol feeling stops happening after a week or so of religious use.Believe me , i wanted this to work so badly , i committed to it so much -LRB- even though my wife told me it smelled and to stop using it . This is just another product that prays on our desire for something to help us lose weight . Dont be fooled . Spend the $ 40 on something useful like a month of gym membership , or why protein powder for a meal replacement . you could even throw $ 20 in the trash and you would still come out ahead $ 20 over buying this product.Sorry vyotech , i bought it , used it religiously , and wanted to believe - but this is just bogus .
 This deodorant works pretty well in keeping odor down , but it made my underarms red . I stopped using it and immediately it cleared up . Just to be sure it was n't a fluke , I tried using it again , but I immediately had red underarms . I did some research and found out that talc -LRB- one of the ingredients -RRB- can cause irritation in a lot of people . I bought a 4-pack so now I 'm stuck with 3 unopened containers I ca n't use ! : -LRB-
 If you are looking for an unscented deodorant , consider the `` Crystal Body Deodorant '' product that comes as a dry solid . It is a salt that you apply after moistening it with water . I compared the products carefully , and the `` Crystal '' stuff worked better -LRB- for me -RRB- than Earth Science Liken deodorant or Tom 's of Maine unscented deodorant .
 Maybe this one works better on someone with a different body chemistry . But even with reapplying , this one does n't last me until lunch time .
 If you are looking for an unscented deodorant , consider the `` Crystal Body Deodorant '' product that comes as a dry solid . It is a salt that you apply after moistening it with water . I compared the products carefully , and the `` Crystal '' stuff worked better -LRB- for me -RRB- than Earth Science Liken deodorant or Tom 's of Maine unscented deodorant .
 Received product in the mail . Apon opening it . Found over 50 pervent of the soft gels broken . Not a good way to receive a first order . I returned it and request payment back . To bad ...
 As I write this I am into my second day of these Insertsbut I find them too small for the Depends I use . waterstill go off to the side and you have to change yourdepends regular.Vaughn W. Myers
 Looking at the picture , it seemed to me this would be a good wrist support and would allow me to use my hand while wearing it . However , I found it did not offer much wrist support and was uncomfortable .
 This brace offers no side to side support for the wrist and did nothing for my carpel tunnel . I 'll have to switch to a brace that goes all the way around the wrist .
 At first it , the supports helped . But after a while , I felt my blood vessels becoming more and more restricted . I gradually had to loosen the supports to the point where they were so loose , I might as well have not worn them . So I stopped . I 've decided to instead purchase an ergonomic keyboard and mouse -LRB- I 'm still waiting on the keyboard , but so far , just using an ergonomic mouse has made a WORLD of a difference -RRB- . And yes , I brought the mouse -LRB- and will be bringing in the keyboard -RRB- to work . As far as home computer use goes , I 've just cut down drastically . -LRB- Try to relax all muscles when typing , do n't type too hard , stretch/shake out your hands/wrists often , keep your elbows close to your sides if you 're using a regular keyboard , etc. -RRB- The scream-out-loud pain has n't returned since . Though there 's still a little discomfort and/or pain every now and then , but hopefully that 'll change once I receive my keyboard .
 My original intention was to find a replacement for theWellgate for Women Slimfit Wrist Support , Right , which has far more positive reviews than any other wrist support product on Amazon , but despite its enclosure , it 's somewhat bulky and restrictive to wear.Alas , the CarpalMate did n't fit the bill . I returned these because I found them to be unsuitable for my hands . I was originally concerned because even with an aggregate rating of 4 stars , the content of the low-star ratings concerned me . Given that such a device is extremely personal despite it being marketed as `` universal '' , I had to find out firsthand.I have medium-ish palms with long fingers , and not only was the picture misleading -- the palm piece is universal for right or left hands , so it does n't have the wavy shape it does in the pic -- it overall felt very uncomfortable , since the palm piece kept jabbing as I typed . It 's also a downside that it prevents your wrists from bending down , but really does n't do much to restrict upward motion . The velcro attachments were straightforward enough to fit , but I could n't arrive at a comfortable setting of snugness without feeling more jabbing pain while typing . All in all , I tried to get used to the CarpalMate , but after several days of even WORSE pain than when I started , I gave up on them and have returned to the Wellgates .
 I was wearing this to work at the hospital because it 's small enough to wear under my gloves . I do not like it because it rubs an irritating spot on my palm within a couple of hours . But it does somewhat help my carpal tunnel if i could stand the rubbing .
 This item provides little to no support . The band that goes around your wrist must be secured tightly in order to keep the single brace in place and even then it hardly provides any support . Being so tight caused additional pain in my wrist and I found myself constantly squeezing the wrist band to allow circulation . I think if I used this product for an extended period it would make my wrist pain much worse rather than better . Also , the single support under the hand does not keep your hand in a neutral position ; you can bend your wrist backward as much as you like which is a problem for most people . After finally visiting a doctor about my wrist pain I was given a full wrist support that had braces behind and above the hand . The doctor 's brace has 3 velcro straps to ensure proper fit and secure bracing of the wrist w/o causing circulation problems.My advise is to see a doctor ; if you can not do that find a brace that has multiple adjustments and braces above and behind the wrist .
 I purchased this product based on positive reviews . I tried it out and was so unhappy with it.My wrist had very little support . I could bend it up because there was nothing to keep it from doing that.When I called to return it I was told that State hygiene laws prevented returns for this product . So I am stuck with something I find useless .
 Based on some favorable reviews I ordered this wrist support . It sounded like it would be the ideal solution for my wrist pain which is caused by long hours of computer work.However , this did not work for me at all . While it works great supporting the hand/wrist from falling `` downward '' , it did not keep my wrist from bending upward -LRB- or as another reviewer here says `` backward '' -RRB- , which is something that I seem to be doing when typing . So if your pain is caused by bending your wrist downward too much , this is the brace for you . If , on the other hand , you are like me and tend to bend your hand slightly upward , you should look for something else . Regrettably I had to return this .
 This product did me no good as it provides little support and only keeps your wrist from bending forward , not back . I picked up an Ace wrist brace at the supermarket and for the same price , it 's a much better value and actually works ! My hand feels much better with it on.ACE Wrist Brace with Splint Support , Left , MediumBy the way , the Ace brace says `` left hand '' but it works for either hand .
 Had I relaized the Velcro strap on top was so stiff that it would cut down my circulation , I never would have ordered ... and I had it loose ! My advice is to stick with longer more pliable wrist supports , and go to your local Sports medicine clinic for a form fitted working support . I used to have some & they were wonderful !
 I tightened it as much as possible , but does not really do anything to stabilize the wrist . Look elsewhere .
 I ca n't wait to try this product ! Not sure why it took four days to ship , but I guess I 'll get it ... someday ... I guess I should have ordered directly from drugstore.com , instead of going through Amazon 's third party drop shipper .
 I order this product to reduce the pain from the laser and I follow the instructure but I was really disappointed and it hurt so much and it did not work at all . I am not recommended this just horrible thing
 I have purchased this item about 4 months ago , and it does nothing !!!! So do not buy it .
 I m given one star bc u ca n't give 0Ovacue does n't predict no body fertility window it does predict what was programming in side , bc when u put cycle lengh 26 it say day 12 , when u put 28 it say day 14 I used home pregnancy test at the same time when ovacue say ovulation OPT say no ovulation , what ovacue predict anybody who is TTC know that , u can get that online toDO NOT WAST YOUR MONEY MONEY AND TIME IT IS A SCAM
 not really sure what to say about this item just that so many people seem to think it works great and it might be perfect for them but for me it always calculated my ovulation like a week before i actually ovulated : -LRB-
 I bought it 2 years ago , and i have n`t use it that much . Two months ago I started using it regularly . Everything was perfect until today . It does n`t turn on . I have change the batteries and it still remain in the `` ovacue fertility monitor '' main page , without showing after it the calendar and all the other options . I ca n`t also turn it off . I finally took the batteries out to turn the ovacue off !!! It is an expensive fertility monitor and I can not believe that it only last two years -LRB- using it only for 6 months in those years -RRB- I have n't received any answer from the company ...
 It does not work if you have variable cycle length even though cycle length is in the normal range . OPK is a better option.Its totally worthless.It asks for your cycle length and does some calculation like online ovolution calculator and does not really detect any hormonal change .
 I expected OvaCue monitor to make it easier and less stressful to try to predict my ovulation , but in my particular case , with my specific cycle , the monitor ended up making it much more stressful and difficult for me . I assume the monitor works well for women with more standard cycles . It was off by days for me , and it added a lot of confusion , frustration , and even panic at one point . It almost caused me to miss my insemination due to me ordering the sperm from the bank too early , based on what the monitor predicted.I asked for a refund , and they agreed , but there was a 15 % restocking fee , plus I had to pay to ship it back . Since the monitor did not work for me at all , I think they should have refunded all of my money .
 Do n't buy this product ! The manufacturers are big liars . It is not FDA-approved and I suspect that it is bogus like others have said . -LSB- ... -RSB- Shame on this company for taking advantage of people !!
 I agree with the others who say not to buy this product ! I would give it negative stars if I could.It is a total scam and the information it gives you is totallydependent on your cycle length and nothing else . It is innacurate and VERY misleading . I was so hopeful when I bought it , butonly after several cycles did I realize that it was not really using any biological data . It is a total waste of money and I amvery angry at having wasted mine !
 I used this item for several months and got to realize that it always indicates the fertile days based solely on your cicle length . It 's a lie that it measures electrolytes in your saliva to detect the fertile days.I used this and another ovulation detector at the same time and the OvaCue kept telling me that my fertile and peak days were between day cycle 12 and 17 . The other one said I was on fertile days ... but not marked any peak until day 28 , when it detected the ovulation day -LRB- I had irregular cicles during the last 3 months and the OvaCue always said my fertile days were from 12 to 17 -RRB- . Finally I got pregnant that very long cycle on day 28 or 29 -LRB- which I confirmed on day 30 with a raise in my basal temperature -RRB- . Obviously , had I kept using the OvaCue I had never gotten pregnant . So , do n't waste your money and invest in a serious fertility monitor -LRB- the other one I used it for only two months , the second one I got pregnant -RRB- . Thank you .
 About three months ago , I spent $ 350.00 on the Ovucue digital fertility monitor and vaginal sensor . I also use the Clear Blue Easy Ovulation Predictors that detect the LH surge . Based on when my LH surge is occuring and based on my cervical mucous , the Ovucue has incorrectly predicted my most fertile day every time ! In my opinion , this product is a rip-off and can work against someone who really wants to get pregnant . BUYER BEWARE !!!
 Its true she could n't have said it better . No wonder I was confused all the time . Big regret buying this . Too much work for this monitor . Does no work and leaves u still wondering . Big waste ? FYI I used the sensor too .
 I bought this in August 2011 . I read reviews about it on other websites , and I was skeptical , but went ahead and purchased it anyway . The reviews were very mixed.The product is very easy to use . This is the only reason I am giving it 2 stars.I question the accuracy of this product . I used it for 2 full cycles -LRB- granted that 's not a lot of time -RRB- , and my ` peak ovulation ' was way off from the predicted saliva test . I have the vaginal wand as well , and that was n't accurate either . When you go to the Ovacue fertility charting site they give you some background information on when you are ovulating . When you get the egg-white stretchy discharge you begin ovulation . Well the egg-white stretchy discharge was never at the same time the test predicted . It was always days after . I have gotten a better ovulation reading from the LH Surge urine tests , and the ferning test . The ferning and LH surge tests are spot on for ovulation.Also , if you do n't have a regular menstrual cycle , I would n't recommend this . The Ovacue device has trouble with computing irregular cycles . It has been very frustrating . My husband and I were going through fertility treatment , but that gets a bit expensive , so we had to stop . I was hoping that this device would work , but it has n't for me.If you go to ovagraph.com , you can sign up to do the charting without purchasing a device . I use it to track my LH surge , ferning test , menstruation and what not . Since I stopped using the ovacue I do n't chart that anymore . I would look around at the blogs , and decide for yourself , based on comments , if this product is worthwhile to you . Hope this helps !
 I purchased one of these pricey tolieting aids . I have not owned it very long , less than 6 months and it has a large crack in the curve or neck of it . For the price the plastic neck design is weak and too much pressure and it will crack ! I was very unhappy with mine . I am looking now for another brand . Maybe mine was defective .
 This is a wonderful device for handicapped and obese people like me . However it does not last long . The handle breaks after a few months use . I have had four and they all have broken .
 This trimmer is the worst thing I have every had . As long as you hold it in the upright and do n't turn it from side to side the hair fall down into the vac space but turn just a little and it falls everywhere . No power in the vac system . So I would tell people not to count on it like you see on the TV stations . My old one did about as good a job as this thing .
 I have had either a beard or goatee for the last 28 years , and for most of this time I owned a Wahl trimmer . My first Wahl lasted 10 years , my second Wahl lasted for 8 years . I took a 3 year break using a Norelco -LRB- which was a Christmas gift -RRB- , however , I was never satisfied with the cut at longer settings . I ultimately went back to various Wahl trimmers , yet they all gave out -LRB- battery , motor , etc -RRB- in less than 2 years.Deciding to give Wahl one last chance . I purchased the `` All-in-One Trimmer Kit , '' given that it had a 5-year warranty . The battery quit recharging after the 3rd month , and Wahl 's position was since I failed to keep my receipt , there was no warranty coverage . Please note that my failure to keep the receipt was definitely my fault . However , I can say , through personal experience , that Wahl 's quality and performance has SIGNIFICANTLY declined over the years -LRB- based on my last four purchases -RRB- , and this was the last Wahl trimmer that I will ever own . If you can not purchase any other trimmer but a Wahl , my advice is that you hold fast to your receipt ... because I fear you will need it sooner rather than later . If any other option is available to you , I would strongly urge you to consider it , rather than purchasing a Wahl .
 Does not vaccuum well - even when taking off a small amount of hair at a time.Because where the inlet of the vaccuum is located , it forces you to hold the trimmer at a weird angle to your face.Cheap construction as well.I 'm a mechanical engineer for a product design firm - I design products for a living - this is easily in my top 5 of worst products I 've ever seen .
 This trimmer no longer has a dual trimming head on it . I owned one of these for about 8 years and loved it . The rechargeable battery finally conked out and I wanted to buy it again . Though when I received it I was shocked after opening the package and there was n't a dual head on it . The dual head is clearly pictured on the packaging , and in the instructions included . Though when I called Wahl directly to ask them about it , they told me they do n't come with a dual head anymore . When I asked about the packaging and the instructions showing a picture of a dual head , they had no answer and tried to tell me who ever I bought it from was trying to scam me . I explained it came factory sealed , and they still had no answer . Not a very good response to an obvious Wahl packaging issue .
 The vacuum is not powerful enough to pick up shavings . Even the slightest tilt will cause shavings to miss the vacuum receptacle and litter your sink . Very disappointing product from leading trimmer maker Wahl . Brought mine back and got a Norelco T860 , which I recommend for its Acu-Control system .
 This has got to be the worst case of false advertising ever ! First of all , it does n't vacuum like it says it does . Hair everywhere ! . Second , it is not user friendly . The thing is large and it obscures your face . The stand that comes with it tips over very easily . If this was a movie I would give it two thumbs down !!!
 The whole point of this product -- at least as far as I 'm concerned -- is that I would be able to trim my moustache and beard without getting hair clippings on the counter or my shirt , this because it has a vacuum feature . The problem is that it misses a lot of hair clippings , so you end up having to clean the hair off the counter or your shirt anyway -- and now you also have to clean the clippings out of the trimmer , so it 's more work , not less . The next problem was that the Amazon merchant , UnbeatableSale , Inc. , would n't take it back because I used it -- which of course was the only way I could have found out that the vacuum feature was inadequate . -LRB- I could find no notification of this so-called policy on the Amazon screen from which I placed this order . -RRB-
 I saw the ads for the Trim-N-Vac trimmer and thought it was a good idea . But that is all it was an idea . The trim guard pops off in the middle of trimming -LRB- oops there 's a bald spot -RRB- , then when you put the guard back on , thinking that the guard is at the same trim length that it was set at when you started , suprise it is back to a number 1 while the lever says 4 . On top of all that , the vacume does not have enough suction to catch 1/4 of the hair so you might as well be using a trimmer that does not have this feature and will trim even . This was a BIG WASTE OF MONEY !!!
 I do n't generally write reviews but my repeated frustrating experiences with this thing compels me to do so.It seemed like a good idea -- the vacuum feature and the adjustable trim height , but when I use this thing , the adjustable head comes loose , which usually results in the blades going directly down to my face . Not only painful but it mows my beard down to the skin . Ouch and ugly !! Then the vacuum does n't work all that well , and much of the shaved hair bits end up on my face , on my shirt , and on the floor.The one thing I do like about it is the smaller trim blade , which is super handy , but I have to give this a bad rating simply because it 's unexpectedly mowed down parts of my beard so many times.I 'd avoid this one if I were you .
 The idea of a `` Trim-N-Vac '' sounded great to me , but this trimmer is a huge disappointment . It is VERY loud and wakes up everone whom is still sleeping in the morning . The `` vac '' part does not do a very good job , maybe collecting 50 % of the trimmings at best . It is quite large and bulky , difficult to manuver . Feels awkward to use . The cutting guard is of a strange design and does not trim as closely as I would like . I 'm going back to my trusty Norelco and cleaning up after myself . This Wahl trimmer was a big waste of money -LRB- it was n't cheap either ... -RRB- .
 All my comments have already been listed in the other reviews online . But in summary , I took a chance on this trimmer because my wife and I were both tired of cleaning up all the little hairs left behind on the sink . However , it 's `` toy-like '' construction , it 's lack of power , the fact that the tray falls out and the length guard came off too easy , and the lack of power of the vacuum , I eventually chose to return the unit . Maybe I will reconsider with version 2.0 or 3.0 of the unit , but for now Wahl needs to listen to all the responses and get back to the drawing board .
 To give the folks at Wahl some credit , the whole `` trimmer and vacuum '' idea was brilliant . However , I found the product itself disappointing for the following primary reasons .1 . The vacuum is way too weak . As a test , I placed a small piece of hair DIRECTLY AT THE MOUTH OF THE VACUUM , but the hair stayed right where it was and did n't get vacuumed . The vacuum does catch some of the hair , so I suppose my sink is not quite as messy as it would otherwise be . Of the hair that does wind up in the trimmer 's container , I suspect gravity is more to thank than the vacuum .2 . The charge does not last . I have to recharge this thing every two or three days , which also means I need to carry the charger along with the trimmer whenever I travel -- and the charger is too big to fit in the travel pouch .3 . The trimmer is too bulky to allow precise trimming . Especially for sideburns , it 's difficult to trim accurately because the thing is so damn big and bulky.Basic conclusion
 I thought this was a great idea and , for a week or so it was . It vacuumed most -LRB- but most definitely not ALL -RRB- the hair trimmed . However , after a couple of weeks , I could not get the battery to hold a charge and the battery ca n't be replaced on the thing ! And cleaning out the vacuumed trimmings is not a simple process .
 The product is made of very flimsey materials and has a small cutting head . This means it cut unevenly . While the bateries are rechargeable , they are not replaceable . When the battery stops taking a charge , you must throw the razor away .
 I puchased this a couple of years ago to replace my old Wahl trimmer . I thought the vacuum was a good idea , but it 's not as effective as I would have liked ; there 's still a mess in the sink to clean up . It is bulky and not comfortable to use . It 's difficult to clean . The depth adjuster has come off a couple of times while in use . The battery failed to hold a charge after just a few months so I can only use it with the cord.As far as trimming goes , it 's not a winner there either . It takes too many passes to get the job done and it does n't trim that evenly.I 've been browsing for a more satisfactory replacement and can hardly wait for this to stop working completely .
 the trimmer part works great but ! Still half the mess on the sink from trimmins that dont get sucked up ... still have to clean up afterwords . .
 I am 6 months pregnant and was in real need of a good warm foot massager . It had all the features but they do n't live up to what I thought they would be . The removeable foot rollers are too big and painful as someone else mentioned , I just take them out . The bubbles do splash water all over the floor . There is a feature that says it will maintain the temp . of the water , but it does n't , it gets cold quick . The manicure massager is ok , but it is in an awkward place . The vibration and the bubbles are nice but that 's about it . Also , there should be a selection for bubbles only -LRB- without vibration -RRB- . And there is NO fill line as the directions say !
 The bubbles were weak.The ` rolling massager ' means you roll your foot over this spindle thing . The rotating pedicure knob did n't work . The remote was missing .
 If you are looking for a relaxing experience , look elsewhere - unless you like loud vibrating noise ... it has lots of features that sounded great but too much noise .
 I bought my Homedic Foot Spa at Sears , the first of which I returned and the second of which I took to get my money back . Neither one of them worked properly -LRB- the bubbles part of it did n't work at all -RRB- and even if it had the motor is very loud . I think this would be a great product if it worked properly but it 's just a piece of trash if it does n't work .
 My old Sharper Image trimmer is better than this ! It has a hard time trimming ear hair up close and sounds like it will stop when I trim . It is advertised as 10,000 rpm , but sounds and feels like 100 rpm . You get what you pay for in the end .
 I learned of this item as it was featured in Men 's Health magazine . I am not real pleased with the performance . The motor is strong but the cutting performance is poor and the pivoting head more of a gimmick than functional . I have yet to find a good trimmer that does not rip hairs out and does what it claims .
 This bugger has power . The head is a bit larger than most , and it is LOUD . It does an ok job , but not as good as the Panasonic I had before . It does n't trim as close as I 'd like . If the size and attributes of the Panasonic could be combined with the power of the Conair , it 'd be perfect .
 You truly get what you pay for . What more can I say ?
 Mat was on time , But Not as Expected . I thought Thermal ment Heated Air Bubble from the Mat , & Plus The Mat Will Not Stick to Bath Tub Floor Surface . Realy thought The Thermal Bath Mat was a good BUY :
 Not bad for a quick , not too precise trim , but the traditional shaving cream and regular razor is STILL faster and more thorough . Also , it sits poorly in it 's charging base , making it difficult to get a good charge .
 It does n't work after 3 months even though I used it even less than 10 times each month . Although its motor is till running , but it can not remove any hair from my skin . Too bad , I can not return it .
 As a few others have noted , the battery on this is ... questionable . I had a Remington a long time ago , and then a Panasonic , and I think I 'll try one of those again . I bought this in Feb of '03 here with a Gold Box discount for $ 36 total , and it seems too soon for it to stop working .
 Besides the fact that its not a close shave the battery life on this sucks so much , since you have to go over each area like 2 or 3 times you only get to shave like a leg and a half . If that works for you then this is just perfect .
 I 've used much better electric shavers in the past . I find it hard to hard to get a close shave but easy to scrape my skin .
 I do n't like it because it does n't even shave as well as my normal razor . It was a waste of money !
 Works fine for the first few months , but then the battery does n't want to recharge to full capacity . As a result it does n't spin fast enough to really `` cut '' anything , it just catches and hurts and does n't work .
 I can not use it because of the battery it last just a second , I try to charge it as it says in the manual , but it didnt work at all . I try to ask to chage it because of that , but I dont want the same this time
 This thing is very scratchy . It left red lines all over my skin . Good thing it was discontinued .
 I bought this a few months ago , and after about three or four shaves it stopped working properly . It yanks on the hairs instead of cutting them , which is very painful ! It does n't pull them all the way out , which is even worse because it means you have to go over and over the same spots if your desperate enough to continue . Sometimes it works okay , but what good is a razor that only works half the time ? Others here have noted the short battery life and change in sound when it 's losing power . Mine does sound `` slower '' when it 's yanking the hair , but that does n't seem to be related to battery charge -LRB- e.g. it can start the shave in evil hair-pulling mode , and then straighten up and shave right five minutes in ! -RRB- Even when not pulling hair , the shave is not close . Definitely find a different razor !
 The battery life is the worst of any electric razor I 've ever used . The razor does n't provide a close shave and mine broke after just three uses . The razor is very cheaply constructed and I would not recommend this to anyone . You 're better off spending twice the money to get a durable machine .
 stopped working from the very second use . bought 2 pieces , both stopped working . Not worth the money . Totally unsatisifed .
 I would give it negative stars but that was n't an option . This thing is horrible ... does n't cut very close , certainly does n't hold a charge , engine noise slows down and dies out after about 5 minutes . And oh yeah ... the horrible razor burn !!! Seriously the razor burn was horribly painful even with shaving creams .
 For the most part the brush heads are functional and if used properly I 'm sure they will benefit the health of your teeth and gums . However is n't it obvious to everyone that the `` elephant in the room '' is the cost . This is `` in your face '' price gouging . $ 30 for 2 brush heads . Are you kidding me ?!?!?! I would encourage potential customers to find a competitor as this company is begging for some indepenedent company to separate them from their market share which at this price should be zero.Hey but it 's your money and you know what they say about a fool and their money .
 Order the brushes over 2 months ago and still have n't received the product . No way to track the package either .
 I ordered two of these since I have about 4 battery units . They have to be replace constantly making it a not so good product . The banding on one has come off already after a month . Must have been stocked for a while ?
 I have used this brush head for years . I always purchased them from my dentist . I ordered the flat brush once before and thought one of them was defective . I attributed it to bad luck and decided to try again . Same thing happened ! The brush does not spin correctly and stops with even the slightest amount of pressure . As an experienced Rotadent user , I know this brush should perform differently . I will continue to purchase from my dentist in the future .
 This product is inferior to the heads from Rotodent website . After 4 uses the heads were spread apart as though we used them for a month or so.Can ' t believe how bad they were . I guess you get what you pay for .
 This head does n't fit the handheld part well . In fact , I watched it come off on its own while it was turned on . This has happened to several of the same type in a row , yet the device works with the pointed brushes .
 I could not find Nutren , Sustagen , Sustain or Sustax here in the USA so I tried Ensure shakes . The coffee latte one tastes like a medicine . I will not buy again . Pecan and chocolate flavors taste much better .
 The product is fine , but be forewarned . I thought I was buying 100 , 2163 mg capsules , but not so ! The serving size is 6 capsules , so each capsule is only -LRB- approximately -RRB- 360 mg each ; not the bargain I thought I was getting . I realize that the serving size is shown on the page , but no where does it specify that the 2163 mg mentioned in the product title , `` Vitamin Shoppe - Caprylic Acid , 2163 mg , 100 capsules '' , is by the serving size and not per capsule as the product name implies . I feel this is misleading , thus only two stars .
 I have a Magic Eyes Mirror -LRB- actually two of them -RRB- . I ordered this for travelling but returned it since it was so unclear I could n't see to put makeup on or do my eyebrows . Spend the extra money and get a magic eyes mirror - I have had one for 20 years ... so much better than this .
 This product is awful , I really do n't get why people like it so much.The scent seems borderline acceptable when you sniff it at the store . However , after you treat a shirt and put it through the wash , the food/color stain may be gone , but the stain that remains is a scent that one can no longer remove.This permanent scent is as if someone is trying to cover up the smell of vomit with fake grape and lavender . It 's truly , frighteningly gross . I 'm very angry that ZOUT inflicted this product on the marketplace . -- > Just to pre-counter anyone who would say I 'm a unique ` smeller ' , I have no known allergies , I 'm not a supertaster , nor am I a bloodhound , and I 've had another non-relative person smell what I 've smelled also . So in other words , I 'm not special . Not special like short bus that the scent of zout stain remover rides to school in.At any rate , I have a term for this type of product , within the context of laundry
 Even without paying shipping this price is over twice what I can pay at the local Wal-Mart or Target . I mean to pay double for the exact same product is ridiculous .
 this item is way overpriced . it is available in the local grocery or discount stores for much less . good product , bad price .
 be aware that shipping was too expensive for the value of the prouct . I end up paying more for this than if I bought each roll separately in a supermarket
 CVS in NYC , where prices are ALWAYS inflated , sells these for 1.30 per roll in a pack of 8 . This ends up being 1.61 a roll ... ~ 30 cents more per roll ... not a fair price ! Disappointing from amazon.com .
 I thought someone did a bait-and-switch until I noticed that the pattern on the plastic wrapping and the pattern on the towel match . I bought a 15-roll bundle of these at a big box store last month . Now I 'm practically throwing them directly in the garbage pail just to rid myself of the smelly things -LRB- sweet creosote ? -RRB- . The towel used to be fairly soft and plush . Now the two thin layers will hardly separate . I examined a roll from my car trunk that is at least 8 years old and then examined the new roll . I 'm not imagining things . The new rolls have a much coarser pattern and are just plain crummy .
 I bought Bounty Paper Towels for 20 years , and used it all my adult life . Today I 'm looking for a new brand of paper towels because the quality of this product has gone down the hill . The rolls are loosely rolled , the paper itself got so thin and flimsy that there is no difference between Bounty or a dollar store discount brands any longer . Bounty might be trying to make more money , but all they are doing is loosing old time , loyal customers like me .
 Thia is a great paper towel but very very expensive . Over half the usual price !!! OUTRAGEOUS !!!!!!!!!!
 I bought this product thinking it would clean up my mess . Well , it did n't . All it did was soak it up . Very disappointing , especially when I could have easily used my shirt or my sock . Do n't waste your money on this product -- buy something else . Or use your sock or shirt .
 I am fed up with buying paper towels . I am switching to cloth , which works better , ends up paying for itself , and is easier on the environment .
 I spilled liquid and needed like 2 rolls of this rubbish to pick it up . I felt so bad about this crappy product , I went and planted a tree afterwards .
 I was excited about getting this vitamin until they came and I realized I had to take 6 per day . Split the dose into 2 times a day . I tried that seeing all the wonderful ingredients listed , but they upset my stomach . I had to go back to my store brand . I wish someone could make a supplement like this that you only had to take one of . And put some enteric coating on it . Thanks !
 This Nature 's Way product contains a `` Phophatidylserine Complex '' of which only 100 mg is phosphatidylserine . An interesting advertising ploy .
 I purchased this mirror to replace one I had for 8 years . It came with 3 suction cups on the back . I attached it to my bathroom mirror ready to check it out . When I had finished , I tried to get the suction cups to release , and the whole glass mirror crashed to the tile floor . The frame was still stuck , and the suction cups were too , but the mirror was in pieces on the floor . If you buy this product , do n't use all the suction cups . One will do . I would send it back but it would cost almost as much in postage as I paid for it .
 The diameter is actually 7 inches with a 2 inch border to make it the advertised 9 nine inches . The mirror fogs up as soon as steam develops in the shower . It took too long to arrive , and it turned out to be worthless . I am disgusted with my purchase .
 What a disappointment ! The mirror was not attached to the base . The base had an impact mark . I took the mirror out of the package and right away it slipped off the base . There were finger prints on the mirror as if it had been sold before . I instantly sent it back !
 This is the worst waste of money I have ever had . the only good thing about this mirror is the suction cups . 3x magnification ??? more like 9x !!! you have to have your face right on the mirror or it looks like you are standing by one of those funny distorted amusment park mirrors.My suggestion would be not to waste your money on it . its a joke .
 So , yeah , it mounts in your bathroom with the suction cups , and once it 's mounted , it stays put pretty well . Unfortunately , it has so far never actually been `` fogless . '' Get a good shower going , and the mirror fogs up in record time . Splash some water on it , and you can see yourself for half a minute , but overall , this is a disappointment .
 I HAVE A 10X MAGNIFYING AND A 5X MAGNIFYING MIRROR WITH SUCTION CUPS BY ANOTHER MANUFACTURER AND THEY ARE PERFECT ; BUT I NEED A 3X MAGNIFYING MIRROR SO I PURCHASED THIS ONE . DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY . THIS IS USELESS AND EXTREMELY DISTORTED . I WILL HAVE TO SEND IT BACK OR THROW IT OUT . DO NOT PURCHASE A JERDON MIRROR . YOU DO NOT EVEN LOOK LIKE YOURSELF IN THE MIRROR ; THAT IS HOW DISTORTED IT IS . I SHOULD HAVE READ THE REVIEWS BEFORE I PURCHASED THIS ONE .
 Mirror does not meet expectations - will be returning it . Not the products fault - it 's my mother 's eyes !!! We 'll try again .
 this is spam for gold bond foot powder look up the name of it , do not buy this and if anyone knows how to remove this from the market please do
 I 'm becoming increasingly frustrated with Solgars ; one of the reasons I trusted and brought Solgars was because of the only ingredients in their capsule was vegetable cellulose . I am now seeing more and more Magnesium Stearate in their products . There is still an ongoing debate about whether Magnesium Stearate is toxic to the body or not and some say it also decreases the absorption of nutrients , so whenever in doubt I choose to buy from another manufacturer . Maybe I 'll buy from megafood for now on .
 The product that arrived is 100 % pure ` Santalum spicatum ' from Austalia.It is not the ` Santalum album ' from India as identified under product description . It is nice , but not what was advertised !!
 It has similar qualities to Indian sandalwood , but not quite the same . I find the odor much less pleasant . Be sure you are ordering what you want !
 This oil does not smell good ... I wish i had spend the money on a smaller amount of higher quality sandalwood
 Product received was diluted with jojoba oil . Amazon told me to `` dispose of the jojoba infused oil as I see fit '' and refunded my account.I gave two stars for the love of sandalwood . I was very disappointed in the product overall and only moderately satisfied with my customer claim .
 Not . santalum album from India ; it is the other sandalwood from Australia , which is not the same . Try another store for honesty
 I believe the description of the essential was inaccurate because it has a * little * bit of Sandalwood in Jojoba oil . Its mostly Jojoba oil . No where on description did it state is was Sandalwood in Jojoba oil I believe this is false advertising and Amazon should make sure that all ingredients are listed UP FRONT . I do n't know how much Sandalwood oil is actually in there and I would not have purchased it if I had known it was mostly Jojoba oil and a bit of Sandalwood oil . I feel deceived .
 I do not why the battery died after a week . I do not know who to go to get the refund or get this message to . I am just writing here because I just got this review request from Amazon .
 This did absolutely nothing for me . I still got razor bumps . It does n't work as well as a regular foaming shave gel . I feel like I just used soap and water . Never use it again .
 I have always used the regular formula Bikini Zone bikini area shave gel along with the Bikini Zone after-shave anti-bump gel . I got a great deal on this `` extra gentle '' formula and it was a bonus size with 25 % more free . Since I have sensitive skin , I was thinking that this extra gentle formula would even be better for me . I was wrong ! This formula actually `` suds-up '' - which is not like the regular formula , and made me very itchy in uncomfortable places ! Also , all of the printing on the container had washed off all over the shower and made quite a mess .
 The product is specifically advertised as new Duracell batteries . They 're not Duracell but instead some no-name brand . The only reason i bought the item is becuase i trusted the Duracell brand . Well , these folks lied about what they were selling . It worked - they tricked me . I wo n't do business with them again . Buyer beware ...
 These batteries art too pricey - where are other generic alkaline competitors ? They tend to get depleted fairly often . I keep waiting for a lithium variant - at least then you would n't have to change the batteries so often .
 Very expensive , they are cheapper at Targets and does not take Twwo weeks to get them , A total waste of time and money.zemogj
 Similar to other review : Pro
 I was first sent a badly damaged battery , The battery package itself was open inside the shipping package . I was then sent areplacement at no additional cost . The replacement battery was 9 years old ! At this point I decided not to make any additional effort to obtain a decent battery . If these batteries were no longer available the supplier should have just conveyed this info and returned my purchase monet ! I have been a long time satisfied customer of Amazon and this was the first item I ever received that had a problem .
 We purchased this 9 volt battery for use in our fire alarm , but the low battery still kept going off . We then went to Kroger to buy another 9 volt and this one allowed our fire alarm to work properly . Can not recommend any purchases from this vendor .
 I bought this thinking that I was getting a 12 pack of 9volt batteries . When I opened the box there was only ONE battery in there!This is deceiving . The product description even states pack of 12 . I hope the problem is corrected and get my other 11 in the mail soon .
 I bought these batteries to use w / my xbox remote but did not work most were nearly dead right out of the box . Some only worked on smaller remote and some kids toys . Out of the whole box only 4 batteries worked .
 I got these for my game cameras because they were suposed to work longer and in colder conditions . I have put them in all my cameras this year and have had no luck . They only work a few days , and it has only been cold a couple of days this season . The dates on all of the packages were good . Last year I used Energizer and they lasted me all season , I was just hoping to get two seasons out of these . Very bad product !!!!
 WOULD ` NT BUY AGAIN , I GOT THESE FOR THE LAPTOP TOYS FOR MY GRAND KIDS AND THE DID ` NT LAST 2 DAYS ... RIP OFF FOR MY MONEY ...
 This product may be for you depending on what you want . Maybe you are in need of a vacuum chamber for electrons , that can practically suck them out of the air and throw energy down into a black hole . Or perhaps you are playing a prank on somebody who needs their batteries for some type of life-sustaining medical equipment and you will get a real kick out of it when your victim goes into shock . But what you WO N'T get a kick out of , electrically speaking , are these batteries .
 Ordered these batteries because I go through a ton of them and thought it 'd be best to start buying in some bulk . Much to my surprise after opening the box , there were only 20 batteries in there !! The interior box was all smashed up and there were 5 boxes of 4 batteries , and I 'm no mathematician , but last I checked 5 X 4 = 20 . It was n't worth sending back everything and waiting another week and a half over 4 batteries , so I 'll just be bitter about it and never order batteries from this place again . So beware if you 're thinking you 're getting 24 batteries , because you wo n't !
 No longevity at all.Maybe 10 shots worth in a digital camera.Don ' t waste your time.False economy.Bad deal .
 I have triple cellular blinds on 9 large windows for insulating as well as sun protection purposes . They all are battery operated and are opened and closed again every day . I have gone through 6 - 24 packs of these `` Pro '' batteries now after having used copper tops for an equal amount of time . The copper tops would last almost a year and a half -LRB- on average -RRB- . These Pro batteries are lasting 6 to eight months to do the same job . Obviously , I am switching back to copper tops . They cost more but the time to switch out batteries cost something too , especially on the high up blinds .
 Twice I have had these batteries leak in a electronic atomic clocks . The first time there was corrosion and a mess . The second time there was a mess and the clock would not work when I replaced the batteries . I was almost going to throw it away but I scratched the connections deep and the clock started to work again . Then there was acid on my hands and all over the table . Better pay more money rather than take a chance on something that is going to leak and make a mess . Even cheap generic batteries when they leak did not make this much of a mess . These were working clocks on my wall , not something sitting in a drawer somewhere . They do seem to have a long life though , if you do not mind having to clean up a mess when it is time to replace them .
 I ordered several boxes of AA and AAA size Duracell Procells because I wanted to replace batteries in many different devices less often . Some are indoor , some are outdoor , all various consumer devices , slow drain and high drain . After going though at least half of them now -- at least a couple of dozen since December ' 09 , I can say for sure that they last far less than half the time of any other good quality battery . Copper-top Duracells , Energizer Max , Rayovac Alkaline , etc. all have lasted much longer -LRB- in the same devices -RRB- in my experience . The Procells I have have a 2016 expiration date , so ` old batteries ' is n't the problem . I think these batteries are for professionals/companies who have lots of equipment and have to change batteries often anyway and ca n't keep track of all of it closely , so that they do n't notice how quickly these batteries expire . Anyone that pays attention to run-life and overall cost of replacing batteries would n't keep buying these .
 I 've ordered these batteries on two different occasions . The first package performed at least as well as an off-the-shelf Duracell batteries from the store . My most recent order however was a completely different and very negative experience . The batteries from that order had almost no charge at all in them and in fact could n't power a computer keyboard or mouse for more than two or three days before they completely lost all charge . Your mileage may vary but I wo n't be taking the chance on these batteries in the future .
 I have ordered this battery for my watch and it did not last more than 4 months . I am really disappointed with this product .
 I ordered Duracell batteries and paid for Duracell batteries , but received inferior no name batteries in the mail . I would hesitate to deal with this seller in the future .
 This battery only lasted for two months in my watch . -LRB- The previous batteries generally lasted for more than a year in the same watch . -RRB-
 Title says it all . The box was opened and taped shut and some of the batteries did n't work.Though they were good about getting me refunded .
 This clearly was not a `` new '' item . It arrived and the package for the batteries had a piece of broken scotch tape over the opening flap . I opened it and there were only 11 batteries in the box of `` 12 '' . It 's not worth it to me to return it , but what a disappointment . I 'm just hoping the batteries are actually new and not used .
 I was so excited to find such a great deal on D batteries , especially on the Duracell brand , but they have not performed well . I bought them solely to use in my baby swing , but they only last 2 weeks in there . Compared to Rayovac and Duracell Coppertop that 's half as long , as these other two will last me a month . I guess you get what you pay for .
 When I received my box of 12 D batteries the box had already been opened - the seal was open on the box . So are the batteries used ? I do n't know . I do know I did not get what I paid for , a new sealed product , and that is never acceptable , especially for something like batteries . The company is wesellbatteries.com - I will avoid them when buying more .
 Batteries did n't even last a week in my newborn 's swing . Plus I have two trail cameras that take 6 D batteries each and it 's lucky if I i got 200 pictures off them before I had to change the batteries out . The batteries before these I could get over 2000 pitures . I 'm not going to buy cheap batteries anymore . If you use D batteries often , you should spend the money on a good rechargeable battery .
 I will soon buy some more once they lower the price back down to $ 1 a battery . but i have herd these batterys are great other than that . I just orderd two but will soon order more for my maglites .
 So here come these batteries that look like they were made in a basement somewhere . Probably Estonia or Mexico . I have n't as yet used them , so they might be OK . I am a Battery fool who thinks someday that when the electricity finally goes out for a very long time , I am prepared . Where were these batteries made ? I could n't find a source ...
 The box was ripped open and the batteries were old looking and scuffed . I will let you know how they worked
 these batteries were as dead as a door nail and the box was all beat up too . I should have got the batteries locally and did not want to spend money on shipping them back . I will avoid buying batteries from Amazon in the future .
 I used these batteries in a beatbox portable and they started leaking after 3 days ! Good thing I noticed the leak before it ruined my $ 400 boombox .
 Zero stars would be appropriate . I have an automatic waste can that uses `` D '' batteries . I bought these because they were out of Rayovac 's . The `` DEAD '' batteries I was sent were in my waste can about 2 friging hours -LRB- 1/12 of a day -RRB- and they would n't even open the lid anymore.I sent these crappy batteries back and luckily they had more Rayovacs in stock . The first four Rayovac have been opening the lid for FOUR months now compared to the TWO HOURS for the Duracell.By the Rayovacs , they work and have power . They last for months compared to 1 Day for this crap . I have 40-50 Rayovac AA and AAA rechargeable batteries for many uses and they last for many years and cost about 1/2 the price of Bunny and Copper crap batteries .
 The batteries I received do not look new and the seal on the box is broken too . I am disappointed by what I received . They look old . I am yet to test if they work fine . They arrived in no time , that 's the only other good thing apart from it 's price !!
 I got these for my game cameras because they were suposed to work longer and in colder conditions . I have put them in all my cameras this year and have had no luck . They only work a few days , and it has only been cold a couple of days this season . The dates on all of the packages were good . Last year I used Energizer and they lasted me all season , I was just hoping to get two seasons out of these . Very bad product !!!!
 2009 batteries -4 years oldten year lifeeleven more words needed for review = the date of manufacture and expiration shouldalways be offered at time of purchasetoo good to be true -LRB- price -RRB- pans out
 These batteries came in a worn out looking box and the batteries barely worked in anything I put them in . When I actually got some of them to work they device stayed on for an hour at the most . I requested a return but the company said I could if I paid all of the shipping . I do n't recommend using them if you want good batteries .
 I hope they were n't used . Will report back in a few months after use . Time will tellif they are legit .
 I was in hurricane Sandy in NY and specifically asked in 4 separate emails to please hurry as I will even pay for expedited ship if needed.They answered one out of 5 emails and swore it would be in my hands 4 days from when I emailed.It took almost 2 weeks ! By that time every store in NY had D cell batteries in stock , I was in a bad situation yet every other company shipped on time except these people.I have written many reviews and this is my first complaint out of hundreds of purchases online.That in itself says it all.Batteries were ok , they are batteries , not too much to mess up but non existent email answers and slow poke shipping is why I will stay away and you should think if you need batteries fast , look elsewhere !
 Let 's face it , the price is great ... but apparently you get what you pay for.When i got these batteries , the package was open and they were strewn across the bottom of the shipping box . I used 4 out of the box in a flashlight and the light was very dim , yellow , in fact ... i replaced them with 4 others from the same box , then magically it was bright white again . The fact there is such dramatic inconsistency between them , as well as very poor packaging makes me very suspicious that some of them have been previously used . Buyer Beware .
 I bought this product a while ago and after using it consistently for a few weeks -LRB- 3 or 4 days a week for 1.5 hours -RRB- , the material within began to tear just beneath my bicep . The tear gradually increased as the weeks went on , to the point where the sleeve no longer performed as intended . I recently purchased aMueller Elbow Sleeve , Neoprene , Black , Mediumin X-Large -LRB- same size I had in the Valeo brand -RRB- and it is working well . The Mueller sleeve is more snug and the seams seem to have sufficient stitching to keep from coming loose . With both sleeves being offered at nearly the same price , I would elect to go with the Mueller brand .
 I am an average size guy - this thing is labeled &#34; medium &#34; but is way too small . Buy a different one .
 I 've had more pairs of neoprene elbow wraps than i can count over the years . All have been great up til now . I am an average-sized guy , but these mediums were way too tight to be comfortable .
 I used these batteries in my Moultrie D55 trail camera . The lasted 10 days with only 37 photos and video . I think they were old inventory.Replaced with Energizers and got 35 days with a lot more pics and videos .
 I got these for my game cameras because they were suposed to work longer and in colder conditions . I have put them in all my cameras this year and have had no luck . They only work a few days , and it has only been cold a couple of days this season . The dates on all of the packages were good . Last year I used Energizer and they lasted me all season , I was just hoping to get two seasons out of these . Very bad product !!!!
 I purchased these after they were the recommend batteries by the OEM of my game camera . I inserted the batteries and tested the camera . Turned it off and went to set it up 2 weeks later and when i turned on the camera the batteries had only 20 % life left on them . Duracell stood behind their warranty and did refund my money for the purchase .
 these lil fellows last anywhere from one month to a year , have n't a clue why . All the motion detectors in my home -LRB- 8 -RRB- beep when there is a weak battery with-in . Seams since I bought this brand my home has been beep 'n its brains out . The cheap Ray-O-vac last longer . `` DO N't waste your bucks !
 I bought this package last month.I tried to use it in my infant baby 's swing , somehow the batteries does n't work.I do n't think the batteries are already totally dead , but I am sure they do n't have enough power to ` swing ' , I tried other 1.5 v C size batteries from Target store and the swing is working with them.The problem is clearly with the batteries , they lack enough power , may be they are not really charged for 1.5 v as specified.When I contacted customer care , they say that they can take the returns only i the pack is unopened and unused.This I would say is ridiculous condition , how can one know if the batteries are fine without opening the pack and without testing them out.If I knew that before opening , I would have probably not ordered them in the first place .
 put in a game camera that had regular Duracells in that camera for 18 months . New Procells lasted 2 weeks . Not happy .
 The batteries were opened . The battery box looked as if it may have been wet . The batteries were sprawled all over the amazon box . Were the batteries used ?
 I agree with jetpower . These seem like a killer deal , but the performance is terrible.About 3 years ago , I bought two packs of 12 , one to keep around the house for smoke detectors and other devices , and a pack to use at church in our wireless microphones.They were okay for the wireless microphones , because forgetting to turn off the mics did n't really test the longevity of them . I 'd probably buy them again for that reason + the low price.But for home use , they just did n't last . Smoke detectors lasted about 4 months before chirping when the batteries were newer . After two years at home -LRB- shelf life dated 2011 -RRB- , the remaining batteries were dead . They come with plastic caps attached , so I know they did n't short out and discharge themselves.Keep in mind , this was quite some time back . Have they improved ? Not likely , but possible.I have a Duracell Ultra in my bedroom smoke detector , it 's been in there for about two years and is still running strong . But these ProCells , and my poor experience with AA rechargables from Duracell , have seriously weakened my resolve to buy their brand in the future.I hope my experience is useful in your decision making process .
 The batteries when received read 9.54 volts and were installed in a wireless burglar alarm system . After 1 day various zones began to fail . Eventually all zones failed and battery voltage measured was at 8.46 volts . I called Amazon and they will issue a full refund . Cudos to Amazon but be aware of possible shelf life problems with batteries.Procell Alkaline Batteries , 12 Batteries per Pack , 9V -LRB- DURPC1604 -RRB- Category
 Contrary to purported performance claims , my experience with these batteries has significantly worsened my opinion of Duracell 's products . Decades of experience with Everready Energizers - and with other Duracell products -LRB- e.g. , Coppertops -RRB- - show ProCell products to be markedly inferior in performance . Regardless of how long their shelf life may be , they simply have n't performed up to par , much less equally to other Alkaline batteries.This has just been my experience - over daily use , over many months , with set after set of ProCell AA batteries . Take it for what its ' worth .
 I suppose I should have given more credence to the previous reviews.After only a couple weeks , I 'm seeing the red flashing light on my smoke detectors indicating the battery is weak . I 'm just waiting for the beeps before I change them out . Will probably get that in the middle of the night , right?I 'm sure these batteries would be just fine in a toy for a 2 year old , but I would strongly recommend looking at other sources of 9-volts for any application that depends on a reliable battery . There is a reason these are sold in bulk and are low in price .
 I purchased these for our home smoke detecters . When it came time to use them -LRB- about a month or so after purchase -RRB- they were all defective .
 I ordered the a 72 pack but only recieved a 12 pack . I knew that price was to good to be true . The company working with Amazon was very accomidating .
 We used these 9V Procells in multimeters . I was told they did n't last long at all -LRB- compared to copper tops -RRB- . I tried some in a digital camera , but the result was less than impressive . I contacted the company ; they gave no explanation , but was nice enough to send three coupon , for up to 8 cells each , as a way of saying , I guess , they were sorry .
 Some of the batteries in my package worked fine . Several did not work at all .
 Duracell is doing something wrong . Brand new , the batteries have the advertised power , OK.But , both AAA and AA Alkaline batteries have been leaking . Two out of the 24 AAA 's started leaking in the original box before being used . Both were well under the use-by date.These batteries will leak if used in a low power device - such as a small LED flashlight - and the power switch is left on . You would expect them to go dead if you leave the switch on , but consistently , they start leaking as they die . It gums up battery compartments , and totally ruined several flashlights when the batteries expanded and became frozen inside - unremovable.They also start leaking as they age , even before they have gone dead . TV remote controls , bicycle LED flashers and similar devices . Most leaked before the use-by date.Each of the ruined devices was not quite expensive enough to try to get Duracell to replace , and the dirty battery cases that were open enough to remove the batteries from , got cleaned out . But this has happened too many times with AAA and AA Duracells.After several years of this , I am trying other brands of Alkaline batteries and staying away from Duracell .
 I must have gotten a bad batch . Every battery I used died after 1 day of use in a toy .
 there is no MAH rating in the product description so it 's a guess as to how much juice the batteries contain .
 You certainly get what you pay for with this kit . I am a PA student and I purchased this particular ENT kit thinking it would serve my purposes for the low cost . The opthalmoscope light was dim , and the lense had a hairline crack in it . The otoscope is not much better . My classmates Welch Allyns are by far superior . Dont waste your money
 Bad customer service , the equipment arrived damage and still I am waiting for the solution
 Do not purchase this product . The light is extremely dim , the focus is bad , and the magnification is poor . If trying to do fundoscopy you will not be able to see the fundus . You also will not be able to see the tympanic membrane . Basically it is useless . If you are a medical student do not purchase this as you will not be able to do the physical exam with it .
 I 'm a resident and wanted a cheap otoscope/ophthalmoscope for home use but was disappointed with this product . The focal range is ok for kids but poor for adults . Thus it was hard to get a good focus on the tympanic membrane . Also , compared to Welch Allen models , the light is actually in your field of vision . In my research , a good model costs quite a bit more , so this product is worth it 's price .
 If you are a medical student , and you actually care about seeing what you are supposed to see using these tools , DO NOT BUY THIS !!!!! -LRB- or any of the other kits of similar make or brand . -RRB- You might as well buy a childs toy kit and use it , becasue the quality of these tools is so inferior that any hope of seeing an optic disk , or a tympanic membrane is lost . -LRB- after struggling unsuccessfully with the P.O.S. I purchased , I used a fellow student 's higher quality equipment and found the optic disk instantly . That said , if you could care less , and just need something to get you through the course - this set looks real fancy , and is the option for you . But if you actually want to use these tools inside or outside of your profession , aviod this brand , cough out a few more bucks , and get someting that is actually well made , and workable .
 I am in my first year of medical school and I bought this for use in training and rounds . Do not buy this if you actually want to see any part of the eye . I could barely see the red reflex and once I followed it , got a huge reflection of the LED light right back at me in a very small viewing lens . Visualization of the fundus is impossible.The otoscope is just fine.You get what you pay for !
 I bought this for medical school . It lacks any bells and whistles , despite a few attachments I find useless , but I do n't care about that . While it basically works , I have some complaints that have led me to look for a new model .1 . -RRB- The plastic tips for the otoscope include a single reusable one and a small tube of disposable plastic ones . The reusable one is OK , except for being somewhat flimsy in attachment . But who wants to worry about cleaning and sterilizing it between each patient ? The disposable ones are worse , borderline unusable . They do not attach to the otoscope themselves , rather they can only be fit over the reusable one . However , they were not designed for this , so the fit is poor - it is both very loose and prone to falling off , and forces a deeper insertion of the tip to visualize the eardrum -LRB- to the point of being uncomfortable -RRB- .2 . -RRB- The opthalmoscope works only on large pupils . In those with naturally large pupils , or those whose pupils have been dilated , visualization is fine . Slightly lower quality than more expensive models , but fine . However , with those with smaller pupils -LRB- more than half of those I tried this with -RRB- , the light and optics are slightly too offset , resulting in lack of illumination , and staring at a black retina . Yes , the light is on the pupil , but the illuminated portion of the retina is not visible , the only portion of the retina I can see is black . To compare , I switched between this product another manufacturer 's model , and I did not have this problem with the other model . In the words of the ophthalmologist who taught me the exam `` that model is crap '' . On the plus side , it sort of works for some purposes some of the time .
 One of the bulbs burned out after the first time I used it and the battery shifts around inside . The Opthalmoscope light is also dim . I wish I invested in something better .
 I bought this as a gift for my wife . She is a Nationally Certified Clinical Medical Assistant , working in a family practice clinic . She did not like this , because it is very heavy and bulky . I am sending it back , because she wants a lighter , and less bulky case .
 For a physician assistant student , this otoscope/ophthalmoscope was not very useful in examining the eyes and ears . I could not visualize the optic disc or the tympanic membrane and so I returned it . I tried to save money by purchasing a cheaper one on amazon , but you get what you pay for and it was apparent in quality . I purchased the Welch Allyn instead which is more expensive , but I feel is necessary to visualize the landmarks in the eyes and the ear , especially for a student that needs to learn how to use the right equipment and actually see the structures .
 If you struggle with breathing due to COPD or emphysema and you 'll try anything to get some relief DO N'T bother trying this . I am very disappointed this has not worked for me . I breathe in through my mouth and out through my nose , just as directed , and I feel like I 'm breathing in absolutely nothing . In fact , I feel foolish at the absurdity of it!I am also annoyed at the price - nearly $ 50 . I bought this particular item because it was Amazon prime and I ordered 1-day delivery - that 's how much I needed help . Had it given some relief , the cost would not have mattered a bit . It 's a porcelain pipe with ancient Himalayan salt in it . The theory behind it seemed logical . -LRB- The salty air is supposed to open your airways . -RRB- Suppose I received a lemon ? I 'd have no way of knowing because there is no indication that you 're breathing in anything , no taste , no odor , not even the movement of air - nothing . I will see if they will accept a return.With a growing population that used to smoke a lot , there 's a real need for better treatments that support a somewhat healthy quality of life . This was so promising but for me it has done nothing .
 In my or my wife 's condition related to bronchitis . Perhaps it works for allergy situations , but I would not recommend if you are looking for relief from cold symptoms . Granted the cold I have is particularly nasty with regard to coughing , even so . . had I seen a couple more reviews like mine I feel like I would have though twice before pursing this solution .
 The product does NOT work . Save your money . I used it every day for over two months . It did not ease my breathing significantly , and the salt irritated my bronchial tubes , causing occasional coughing fits even when not using the pipe . For people like me , this product may actually be more harmful than helpful.I did find , after removing the salt and washing out the pipe , that breathing through the pipe helps my breathing a little when I am having mild asthma symptoms . The size of the pipe and its air flow restriction because of the small air intake holes forces you to open your mouth widely and draw air in long slow deep breaths . This method of breathing for about five or ten minutes actually does open and smooth out my breathing , but you do n't need a pipe for that . Just open your mouth widely and breathe slowly and very deeply , exhaling through your nostrils . You will get the same amount of relief as the pipe provides without the coughing and irritated bronchial tubes . This leads me to conclude that most asthma sufferers need to learn how to breathe properly to reduce their symptoms . Using a salt pipe does n't help and may make you worse .
 So far , 3 weeks , no change , no improvement , does n't seem like it will work . Placebo ?? Placebos do not seem to work on me .
 This whole salt routine with inhaler is a joke . It does not work ! Do not buy it ! Total waste of money !
 I struggle with allergies and asthma , and with everything I 've tried , I thought ` why not give this a shot ? ' Big mistake . Seriously , it is so much better to take the trip to the coast for fresh salt air -LRB- esp . the Atlantic -RRB- . This product did absolutely nothing for me .
 I 'm sorry I bought it . First the ceramic container is not sealed . I wiped it off but I was hesitant to put that in my mouth . Amazon was sold out so I bought it with a seller through Amazon but he was higher priced than Amazon so technically I paid for shipping . I bought this for better immunity or shorter colds but all it is doing is drying and irritatng my throat . My doctor told me to stop using it when I told her about it . Was it a good investment ? NO !!! Save your money . If you must , gargle with warm salt water . It 's a lot cheaper .
 Does not work ... does nothing at all . I called the company and they said it is not for bronchial / nasal problems , only MIGHT help with deep breathing diseases like emphysema , etc.On the Dr. Oz Show it was presented as a way to clear bronchial / nasal passages ... not so according to the company and the fact of no results/improvement at all . Waste of money ... and I also bought an extra package of salt.Boo on Dr. Oz . !!!!
 I did n't buy this for myself , but for my son . He did n't like it , but he is very skeptical of most things , so this is n't a proper review .
 While I liked the idea of the product for health reasons . When I held this particular item it felt awkward , because the ceramic was too thick , therefore the chamber to hold he salt would be small . Also the rubber stopper on the bottom seemed brittle and dried out -LRB- probably old -RRB- . I tried to dislodge it , because that what I would need to do to refill the chamber with salt , but it did n't budge . I saw an inhaler in a store , where the inhaler had a similar shape , but was made of thin ceramic a lot lighter and easier to hold . The rubber stopper was soft and pliable and easily removed.I did not realize that I had to pay shipping until I already had placed the order . I thought everything at Amazon that is over $ 25 is free shipping . When I order , I think it should flash across the screen ... `` NO FREE SHIPPING `` I did return the item and did receive free return shipping from the company . Also it was a little hokey . I asked the lady if I could get free shipping , she said she had to ask ... came back on the line and said yes.I will be more careful what I order on Amazon .
 who the hell has time to due this for 10 mins a day like it says to . its in the trash . maybe help someone with more sinus problems . not a fan
 I am a bit skeptical on the benefits of this salt inhaler ; however , it 's worth a try . The reason why is that I 've read that it benefitted those who were physically in big caves containing this salt , so I 'm unsure how this little device will benefit . Therefore , I ca n't say yet if it has any benefit at this time which is why my rating . However , I did receive the item very quickly and as described .
 I was in the market for a CD/MP3 player with ID tag compatibility and an Auxiliary input for when that inevitably was replaced by some newer technology . i searched the web and found a product that had great sound and power quality and the above options with a detachable faceplate . I thought it was heaven . So i got on E-bay and bought a used version of this product . The product was deleivered sans manual , so i searched again and began to see a distrubing pattern of reviews . While , the company that bought Jensen -LRB- when it went bankrupt -RRB- was kind enough to send me an electronci copy of the manual , the product has some serious flaws . After a few months of use , the CD/MP3 stops recognizing tracks , even on store bought CDs . Check the reviews out there before you buy this !
 This product did not work . It did n't clean my coffee pot , only left it with a funny smell that took forever to rinse out . Do n't waste your money !
 I did not see any changes in using this particular product . I used it correctly just as the directions listed - but nothing .
 I received the peach flavored trays as a gift from my orthodontist after getting my braces off , so price really was n't a concern . The directions that came with them said `` Wear for 60 minutes per day '' -LRB- the instructions did n't mention a 30 minute option -RRB- . I made it 55 minutes before I was jumping up and down , clawing at the trays to get them out . I had horrible , sharp `` zings '' that felt like the dentist had drilled through a nerve in all the teeth across the front of my mouth-top and bottom . Five hours later , I 'm still having them constantly and have been drooling a lot ! I read online that flouride rinses help with the pain , so have tried that . Neither that nor ibuprofen have lightened it up at all . I 'm sure the pain will probably go away within the next day or so , but my creamy-colored teeth are not worth all this .
 This product is probably very good . I received a bad one.I was given one sample from my dentist to try out and the trays fit very well and covered more of my teeth than any store bought teeth whitening product I have tried . I did not notice a major difference after one application , but I suppose I was not suppose to . I did not have any tooth or gum pain either.The dentist was selling this product for $ 75 so when I saw a much cheaper price on amazon I went for it . I received the treswhite product and gave it a try . The gel in the trays was like a gum , rather dry . It was difficult to spread it evenly over my teeth . In fact I could not spread it evenly over my teeth . I think the trays I received were old or had not been stored properly . The gel in the treswhite trays I received from my dentist were more hydrated/fluid . I used a total of two trays and both of them had a dry gel . I returned it and received a refund , without a hassle . I thank them for that.In the final analysis , the product is probably good if it is in good condition . I only gave one star because the gel in the trays I received was dry .
 I tried a couple of Treswhite samples given by my dentist and they were very effective - infact the results were better than any other product I have used in the past . I then ordered a pack of TresWhite -LRB- melon -RRB- from Amazon/Aplus around mid Jan08 . I received the pack within a few days from ordering . However , I used a few trays and saw almost no result on which I wrote to Aplus asking them what I should do . I received no reply from them on which I wrote another email stating that the product was faulty and if they do not respond I will have to complain about them - still no response . Amazon asked my feedback on the product and the company and I wrote my complain as stated above , but I still received no reply either from amazon or Aplus . This is so disgusting that I hesitate to order anything from amazon also . With the kind of customer service Aplus is providing I would highly discourage anyone from doing business with them . I am really furious at their service .
 I picked up a few samples of this at my dentists office . I only used this once , so I can not comment on how effective it is at whitening teeth at all , only on the use of it . Each package comes with an upper and lower mold for your teeth that you wear for 30-60 minutes once a day . The instructions do not say whether I should wear it for 30-60 minutes so I guess this depends on how comfortable you are with it . First off , the hydrogen peroxide is flavored in either melon or mint , and tasted pretty good . The tray was also very easy to insert around my teeth . Those are the only two pros.Unfortunately I could n't tell how effective these are because they were such a huge pain to use . The molds are packed with the peroxide solution . I put them around my teeth and pressed them in to ensure contact , and the solution pressed out of the mold and into my mouth . There is so much whitening solution in the molds I do n't see how it 's possible to use these without getting the stuff all in your mouth . I spit out half of it . I kept the molds in for about 15 minutes before having to take them out . I 've used whiteners before and none of them hurt as bad as this while I was using it . The peroxide stuck to the roof of my mouth and was stinging like crazy . After about 5 minutes the sides of the molds on the back of my teeth flipped up and would not stay down . I was constantly adjusting it with my fingers . When I removed the molds I had the peroxide gel all over my teeth , almost as if someone had rubbed Vaseline all over your mouth . The stuff was everywhere and I had to scrape it off with my fingers and then brush my teeth thoroughly to get it all out.As I said , I can not comment on how well TresWhite actually works , but it was a huge pain to use . It is also only a 9 % hydrogen peroxide solution . Crest Whitestrips are 10 % , and they are sold over the counter and half as expensive . If you are looking for a professional whitening system that is better than anything from the drugstore and is cheaper than professional bleaching , I would recommend asking your dentist about Crest Whitestrips Supreme , which are currently only available from your dentist and contain a 14 % solution of hydrogen peroxide .
 It has been about four years since I first took this product . I have discovered my body works BETTER on FAT as the primary fuel source instead of the CARBS this product delivers.I usually eat a breakfast of eggs in REAL butter -LRB- yolk and all -RRB- with some nitrite-free bacon . My husband needs a little carbs so he has some soaked oatmeal or sourdough bread as well . I can now go for hours without needing a break . The fat delivers sustained energy . The carbohydrates in this product really felt like a brick in my stomach.Now , it did take a week or two to train my body to look for fat as the primary fuel source but I ABSOLUTELY do n't regret it ! I follow the Weston Price principles of eating a healthy diet . There is an awesome website called nourishingnews.org that has all of the links together . Do n't forget the . orgAs a result of avoiding the bad fats -LRB- like Canola , margarine , etc. -RRB- and including real fermented foods I 've lost quite a bit of weight . And I did n't even exercise ! This product was just a step along the way to learning what works for me!I did n't realize I felt BAD until I started feeling GOOD ! Its amazing how good we are SUPPOSED to feel - Do n't settle for less . -LRB- I gave this two stars because it is better than fast food in a pinch -RRB-
 I did n't give this meal replacement much of a chance . I read the reviews before I bought , but I really thought I could handle it . It 's true it 's not good tasting . My daughter loves it . I think I will try it again and add fruit this time . I will let you know how much I like it at that time.Mk
 I lost weight with this product be cause it went through me like crap through a goose . Oh did i mention that it taste like it smells - like rotting and fermenting vegetables . Believe the reviews that talk about the taste . You can even mask it with the stuff they tell you to mix it with . If I had time to mix it with all those other fruits , then I would n't even need this stuff ! Save your money . To add insult to injur , I requested the free measuring spoon , and they never sent it . Cheapskates!I would definitely NEVER recommend to a friend ! I would recommend it if you need a product to add to a practical joke .
 I 'm sure it 's the ultimate meal nutritionally but you must be really dedicated because the taste had me gagging . It went right into the trash
 I bought the small container to try it out . The ingredients list is impressive and I really enjoy a good , healthy morning shake.I REALLY wanted to like this . With a banana , I could barely keep this down . The taste is THAT BAD . When I was out of bananas , I tried it again and this time I threw up -LRB- tmi sorry -RRB- . When I can keep this down , I feel great afterwards . Like I said , the ingredients list is impressive . I wo n't be buying this again , however . I can not justify the price for the torture of trying to drink this . As another person posted , life is too short ! And there are great tasting meal replacement shakes out there .
 This supplier is very misleading . Their picture clearly shows 30 meals in the lower right corner of the image . However , the package that arrived only had 10 meals labeled at the lower right corner . The supplier claimed it was the only picture they had - ridiculous excuse .
 This really must be good for you , because it is really awful tasting . The instructions call for a banana and half an apple -LRB- Fuji I believe -RRB- , which enables one to drink it without gagging . I 'm just cheap enough that I was determined to consume the entire amount purchased because it 's so expensive . I am truly thankful that I bought the small size .
 I AM NOT A PICKY EATER , I LIKE THINGS THAT TASTE DIFFERENT . BUT THIS WAS ABSOLUTELY AWFUL !!!!! DO NOT BUY .
 I 've been a Seventh Generation fan for several years , so I was thrilled to see their line of feminine products in my local grocery store . This enthusiasm was short lived when , at the end of the day , I had several layers of sticky residue built up on my underwear . I hate wasting money , but I could not stand to deal with this inconvenience any longer than I had to . I picked up my usual brand and left this package in the women 's locker room of my fitness center . Fortunately , I soon learned about the DivaCup from a relative , and I have n't looked back . I still like Seventh Generation 's other products , but this one was definitely a bust .
 Was happy to find more ecologically friendly product , but the pads only absorb a small amount and then fail . Certainly not adequate to protect during a whole night . Hope Seventh Generation re-designs this pad to be adequate for night-time use since the materials used are safer for people and the environment .
 For starters , I ordered these because i liked the idea that they were more environmentally friendly . However , they came packaged in a box which was inside ANOTHER box , surrounded by packing materials ! The box they were in should have been sufficient to send through the postal system . I 'm just a little disappointed that amazon would package a product like that , especially when it 's supposed to be an environmentally friendly item.Secondly , these do not compare to the Always ultra thin pads I 'm used to . They are about the same length as the overnight variety -LRB- actually a tiny bit longer -RRB- , but they have no dri-weave , and are a bit more messy , if you get my drift . They 're also not as convenient to use as the Always pads . The wings are attached to the backing on the bottom . You have to disconnect them , then attach the bottom to your underwear . The wings keep trying to go back to the bottom and get stuck to the sticky part , and then you have to pull it back apart , basically fighting with the pad . Also , the wrappers do n't have that little piece of tape that holds them closed afterward , and so they have a tendency to come open for anyone who goes in the bathroom to see.I 'm not very pleased with these , and will probably be donating them to a local women 's shelter so that I can go back to using what I 'm used to !
 I was very excited to try this product because of the trustworthy company who manufactured it and the fact that it did n't have chlorine , however I believe some additional testing and a revision of the current product is in order . The absorbency is fine for a light day , but for those of us who suffer from heavier periods , take my advice and do n't rely on this pad ! I 've never had an accident before using these , and the one I had in front of my friends was horrifying to say the least . I 'd hate for anyone else to go through that , so please use caution with these pads . They are not absorbent enough and a bit on the short side of things . I also agree that the stickiness is sometimes too much and can leave permanent reminders .
 My periodontist strongly recommended taking a calcium citrate supplement , so I randomly chose this one . I took the recommended amount on the label for two and a half months . I do n't know if I 'm just sensitive or if there is an ingredient in this that is not natural , but I became really sick . I had lingering and ongoing pain in my kidneys and urinary tract for weeks , but did not make the connection to this supplement . I was tested repeatedly for urinary tract infections , had many blood tests , and had two abdominal scans at the emergency room , and many follow up visits to my regualar doctor and a urologist . No one could figure out my problem . After the two month mark , I started throwing up one hour after taking the nightly dose . My kidneys hurt so bad ! It affected my daily life to the point where I had to change my schedule to fit how I was feeling ! It then dawned on me that purhaps this supplement was the cause of my pain . I stopped taking it and within one week , I was fine . Pain and loose stools gone . I had the same problem only one other time in my life when I bought a cheap multiple vitamin from Walmart years ago . Well , $ 10,000 in docotr 's bills later , I 've learned to really investigate the ingredients in the products and be sure to buy from only pure , whole vitamin companies like Nature 's Plus or Standard Process , for example . My periodontist said companies often add unnatural compounds -LRB- like the one used to give white paint its color into a calcium tablet -RRB- to turn it white . Calcium is supposed to be white naturally ! I do n't know what is in this one , but I wo n't be buying it again ! I went to Standard Process supplements instead .
 This is a terrible product . Provides NO support for your feet and the foam is made out of such a cheep material that your feel start sweating instantly . DO NOT BUY !!!
 They fell part in less then a week there crap made for a dime sold way over what they should be I might as well have whiped my a ** with the ten I spent on this crap go to walmart get real ones for same price these suck !
 I got these as a gift for someone that is on thier feet all day . They bunched up in thier shoes and were thrown away within the first week . I feel bad that they did not like the gift ,
 hard to cut to size . a &#34; hard &#34; memory foam -- not pliable and comfortable . not worth even the 8 . cost . money wasted
 The heat outside/inside vent door does not shut all the way , and the filter as many have pointed out is cheaply made at best . The price should and does reflect on the quality of the product . I would have loved the outside vent feature to have a filter as well and lack of one is the biggest disappointment .
 unit came on time , but im so sorry i baught this item it is made of cheep plastic , it fell apart before i finished puting it on the walli took a chance and thaught it would be ok , but not in this case i lost out ! it would not deflect the heat all the way i took my drimell and sanded it in the corners and noticed it was just bad construction . the idea is good just needs a lot of adjustments its a good thing i do have a background in repairing broken things , but if you dont know how to repair things dont get it !!!!!
 I bought this product along with a doctor 's lab coat . I borrowed a stethiscope and wore all four to a Halloween party.I got two different reactions from the female attendees - most were shocked but a few were in awe!What a perfect way to cull out the herd !!!!!!!
 The product is well made at a reasonable price . Elderly people will have difficulty hearing the very low high pitched alarm . Unfortunately we will not be able to use it .
 This is not worth the money . Ingredients are not true `` Growth Hormones '' and you 're better off saving your money just about anything but this . The container looks like a small tub of butter . It 's not even worth writing about . Run , run as fast as you can from this . .
 I was so energized when I read about this product but was greatly unsatisfied when I actually used it . It has done nothing it said it would do , and after discussing it with my Doctor I was told to stop using the product because those assumed results can be obtained from basic foods that I should be eating . This is not the only bad part , tried to return the product as well and was emailed a summary about how this might not work on certain people ... IT would have been nice if there was a disclaimer about this before , instead of all the hype about how glorious the product results would be . It 's sellers like this that give Amazon a bad name . Maybe it 's just my system not allowing the product to work , but regardless they should stand by their product if and when it does not work and still provide excellent customer service by taking back their product .
 This is the 8 oz bottle that is completely unsatisfactory ... . It is obviously a different product than what is in the 2 oz bottle ... . It is a very dark , dark Blue instead of a light blue and has an extemely unpleasent odor ... . How do we go about returning it for a refund ? My husband has been using Royal Copenhagen for years and this is the first and only time it has been bad .
 The other three reviewers to date seem to love this stuff . I could n't disagree more . It stinks of a heavy perfume worn by an old lady . Not at all subtle or masculine which is key to a good aftershave splash . I own at least 30 aftershaves from the cheap drugstore variety to the more expensive imports . This is one of the worst I 've ever tried . Had to shower after about 20 mins . to remove the stench from my skin . So strong it constricted my nasal passage and initiated the gag reflex . My wife got the same reaction . I boxed it right back up and gave it to my daughter to give away . Pass on this one .
 I ordered Royal Copenhagen Aftershave BALM , not regular aftershave . The item in the picture was correct , BUT , the item listed was incorrect . I sent the product back and you replaced . The replacement was also WRONG . The entire deal was very frustrating and I still do not have Royal Copenhagen Aftershave BALM ! Oh well .
 I was disappointed in my purchase . I very carefully looked at the product displayed as Royal Copenhagen Aftershave . I was looking for Royal Copenhagen Balm so I increased the size of the picture and saw that it was the balm which is a creamy aftershave lotion . What I received was 3 bottles of clear blue liquid aftershave not what was presented in the picture . For this reason I returned all three bottles . I was credited with postage only the first time and then was told when I brought this to the attention of customer service that I had returned all 3 bottles that I purchased . I was told that it would be credited to my charge card that I used to purchase it in the first place . I have not as yet seen this credit on my charge account . I am still looking for the Royal Copenhagen Aftershave BALM on other web sites .
 I guess I should have read it better but the fact that you ca n't return it -LRB- first thing I 've seen sold directly sold by Amazon you ca n't return -RRB- seems extra fishy . $ 35 wasted .
 Worthless product as far as I am concerned . It did nothing to assuage my sleeplessness .
 In October 2010 I purchased Source Naturals L-Tryptophan . It was recommended to help me with light insomnia . One hour after taking only two 500mg capsules I became desperately ill and my health has continued to decline to this day to the point I am now housebound and can not stand for more than a few minutes due to terrible pain . My experiences led me to write two books about what had happened , the horrors myself and my young family have had to endure because I took only two Source Naturals L-Tryptophan capsules . Before and after writing the books my research turned up some very alarming information about this so called `` natural '' company . They produced L-Tryptophan in the 1980s which caused the disease I have now to endure , EMS , or Eosinophilia Myalgia Syndrome . They were litigated to be held accountable to the victims killed or disabled for life . Tryptophan was then banned for a period of more than a decade . And now ? Source `` naturals '' think it acceptable to buy their Tryptophan from China , where it is usually made from duck feathers , -LRB- diseased or not -RRB- . They do not tell you this on the label , the label on the bottle states `` made in the USA '' which is a lie . The Tryptophan is imported from China and merely put into capsules in the USA , then sold to an ignorant public . Legally it is a disgrace , although they are permitted to act in this manner by current legislation . So why should you care ? Why should you stop buying Source Naturals ? For one reason . They are a firm which does NOT have the consumers interests at heart . They are interested mainly in profit , as there are sources of ethically produced Tryptophan around -LRB- plenty of them -RRB- , but Source Naturals consider it more profitable to buy in bulk from the one country we have all heard so many horror stories about when it comes to foods and supplementation - China . If you wish to keep buying Source Naturals products I wish you well , and I hope and pray that you do not contract a horrible disease from their products as a result of their greed , as I have done . Think for a moment before you press that buy button - the Source Natural product you are about to buy may well have an ingredient from a VERY un-natural source .
 although this is wide and heavy duty . It is not adjustable . the others are , wish I had noticed that before I bought it .
 I purchased this product after some decent time searching Amazon . It looked good , and had decent reviews . Upon arrival , I can say it looked good and performed well for about 2 weeks . Then , then razor portion and brass ring broke away from the handle . It was , without a doubt , a waste of money . Find something else .
 I just purchased this item to include in a 1st Aid kit for my sister . I am a medical professional and wanted the most complete kit I could put together . I received this item in Nov 2012 and it has an expiration of March 2013 . 4 months for a medication intended for a child that unless your child has a tummy ache today ... I 'd pass on this one . I feel that this information should have been disclosed in the sale as some people may not be bothered by a near expiration date . But for what I paid in purchase cost PLUS shipping ... I could have purchased it new at a store . Unfortunately I live an hour from the nearest town that sells items like this which is why I refer to Amazon .
 I own a Sony Cybershot DSC-P72 and I bought a 4-pack of these batteries so I could have backups . Even after fully charging , they ran out in about 1/4 of the time of the Sony batteries that came with the camera . One freshly-charged set ran out after about ten minutes while my camera was USB-connected to my PC . I put another charged pair in and the camera would n't turn on at all.I put my Sony batteries -LRB- partially-charged ! -RRB- back in and voila , the camera worked again.I would not recommend these if you have a Cybershot . Stick to the Sony batteries over < a href = `` http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/B0000996BL/qid=1107366870/sr=2-1/ref=sr_2_1/102-2696869-7453763 '' > here < / a >
 I ordered several items together , the others all showed up within 3 to 4 days . Only this one , it took 2 weeks to deliver to our house , without placing it on the ice pack or anything to keep it cold , supposedly for a Probiotic product!I do n't know whom to blame for this packing & delay , just wo n't buy this product anymore .
 You get a stain remover . You have to blot & rub the stains . Then throw the garment in a bag with a wet , perfumed sheet . As the dryer heats up , your clothes are steamed in the bag with perfume . At the end of the cycle , nothing has been `` washed '' or `` cleaned '' ; just `` freshened '' . What about the dirt and grime you ca n't see?This is one of the major drawbacks to the home dry cleaning kits . The commercial dry cleaning process bathes your clothes in a large quantity of solvent that strips stains , especially greasy ones , from the fabric . With home dry cleaning , dirt removal is mainly limited to the pre-treatment stage , when you treat visible stains . Home dry cleaning kits do n't address things like sweat or other body oils picked up into the clothing with everyday wear . Also , they do not remove lint or things like pet hair that can build up on the surface of your clothing . These kits ca n't really replace commercial dry cleaning ; the Dryel kit notes that it is designed as a complement to professional dry cleaning .
 I purchased Dryel hoping for a reasonably good way to `` dry clean '' small things like sweaters and other non-suit pieces of clothing I 'd normally get professionally cleaned . Compared to the usual price I 'd pay to get 16 sweaters professionally dry-cleaned -LRB- about $ 96 -RRB- , at $ 10 a package -LRB- which includes the dryer bag , spot remover , and dryer cloths to clean up to 16 garments -RRB- , if Dryel actually worked it would be one of the best deals of the century.Unfortunately , the claim of getting great in-home dry cleaning results with this product is too good to be true . I found it to be completely useless -LRB- unless you call a garment `` clean '' simply because it smells good . -RRB- I decided to test this product with just one item - a dark berry colored cashmere sweater from Ann Taylor - and was very disappointed with the results
 I 've used Dryel for years , and used to be pretty happy with it , as it seemed to do a good job of freshening up my shirts , pants , & even some jackets . However , in the last couple years , it seems to have been rendered impotent . One night out with a lady friend of mine , I kept smelling a funky odor , and wondered what it was , and that it might be her ... . Well , as I drove home , I realized the smell was still lingering , and finally realized it was my shirt ! The normal `` freshening '' of my clothes failed to occur , and the shirt smelled just as it did after a night of playing sax , in a hot , steamy , Georgia night club ! Well , that 's obviously not acceptable . I 've tried a couple other boxes of them , and I 've found this to be the new norm , if something has been worn while in a sweaty environment , forget about any nice smelling results ...
 If you 're looking to have fresher smelling clothes then go for it . But if you 're looking for a cleaning then this is not the way to go . I put a few specific dress shirts in to get the ring around the collar out and this did not do a thing for that . But the garments did come out smelling springtime fresh . I guess that counts for something . I may have missed something is the process , so if anyone has any suggestions as to what I can do to make this work please comment here . I 'd be happy to try out some suggestions .
 I do n't know where to start from really . It 's either that somebody is paying these reviewers to post these miracles or must I be one cynical loser.So I bought this kit , and paid $ 13.99 PLUS TAX for a `` made in Vietnam '' plastic bag which could n't cost the producer more than 5 Cents at best , two damp washcloths in a sealed nylon bag . I used 2 refills on 5 polo shirts hoping for the MAXIMUM EFFECT !!!! BIG STUFFafter 30 minutes of drying work , to my surprise the shirts came out hot , crumpled , and smelling worse . Actually I could still smell the dried out sweat under the armpits . . the collars were still dirty ! Now second phase of the matrix
 After realizing regular tampons are pretty much carcinogenic with the chemicals they contain , I decided to give these Seventh Generation tampons a try . Foolishly , I bought 4 boxes thinking they would be fine . First of all , they are wrapped in plastic , which is very , very difficult to get off . You actually have to use a scissors to try to remove the plastic , then it cuts into the tampon . Once you accomplish getting them out of the brutal wrapper , inserting them is worse . They are so uncomfortably dry , I tried dipping them in oil , just to try to get it inserted . It is very uncomfortable . Also , they tend to not go in well and leak . To make a long story short , they suck . I wish I had only purchased one box . I rarely write reviews , but I wanted to help someone else not make the same mistake . I 'm still looking for an organic product with an applicator , that inserts smoothly and does not leak . By the way , I would give it less than 1 star , if I could .
 The applicator is so hard to use , it does not slide well so I have to struggle to push it in every time I use it . It 's the stupidest design ever , and I do n't understand why they ca n't get such a basic thing right . I 'll never buy this product again . I 'd rather use the Natracare organic tampon that does n't have the applicator . Stupid stupid stupid .
 I 'd heard many times , `` If you insert it correctly , you wo n't even feel it , '' and many times , no matter how I inserted it , it was uncomfortable . I was hoping that things would be different with the Seventh Generation brand , as I am a fan of their other products , but I had no such luck . I could feel it stabbing me whenever I stood or sat . It 's wonderful that Seventh Generation is working toward safer feminine hygiene products , but I 'm much happier with my DivaCup than I ever was with any tampon .
 Nicely constructed item but it does n't work as expected . Compression stockings do not fit properly and setting up for inserting ones foot just can not happen . I called the company and they refuse to accept a return stating that I must contact the shipper . I can not find that information so it appears that I may be stuck with a bad product . Help please !!
 Based on the first week of use , I have to say I 'm disappointed . There are 2 problem areas - first , the adjustment screw for the flame does n't work right ; second , the valve for refilling the lighter with butane seems to leak badly . Maybe I 'm just not doing it right , but I 've tried to figure out a way to refill & just seem to keep getting leaks . Also , I ca n't tell how much butane is getting in - probably not much since the lighter does n't keep the flame for long .
 You cant put this into the ear canal without fear of it getting stuck , and you cant place it on the outter canal without it falling out .
 I know these have a lot of good comments which is why I gave them a shot but they are so sticky when you are not in water and I had to keep pulling stands of my hair out of them . Not a good option if you have long hair .
 I bought these ear plugs to help keep water out of my ears while showering due to recurring ear infections . However , upon several uses of this product , they do not do a very good job of keeping water out of my ears . I am pretty sure I have them in my ears properly , but they tend to slip a bit once I 'm in the shower and water seeps into my ears . They are also hard to remove without tearing once out of the shower .
 I ordered these for my 10 year old who is on her 8th set of ear tubes these ear plugs flake and leave pieces of wax in the ear canal , and they melt and leave wax smudges around the outside of ear that is very hard to remove . Bottom line would not recommend or purchase this product again especially when I am dealing with something as precious as my child 's ears .
 I do n't know how well it works because it was in transit for almost two months . Called and canceled and got a refund .
 I got these ear plugs hoping that they would be good for my daughter . they were easy to put in and did n't get water in her ears , but the removal was a nightmare . left wax stuck to her ears and ending up in her hair and was like gum when trying to remove . I will not get these again and am very disappointed .
 Brought the floating ear plugs and used them on my 5 year old daughter with the ear bandit . After several hours of swimming I tried to removed them . Pieces of the silicone plugs stuck to her ears and I had to pick them off . Would not recommend buying them .
 I purchased these PUTTY BUDDIES Silicone earplugs , I wo n't use them again . I put them in my babys ears , and when I went to take them out , there were silicone fragments stuck to her ear . I have now switched to ear plugs from my local drug store .
 Chillow is impossible to fill without getting everything all wet . It 's too heavy when all the water is in it . It is too cold at first and then warms up just when it needs to be cold . Sounded like a good idea but was very disappointing .
 My problems with this product is that it does not compare favorably with a simple cell phone , except for the issue of locating the caller if they are unable to talk . Granted , you ca n't hang a cell phone -LRB- easily -RRB- around your neck , but this LogiMark button is not very small either . For the very handicapped , and if they are willing and remember to wear the button , I guess this system is OK . If they can talk , I would want my aging senior to have a cell phone , even if not under a subscription . Because it is a federal law that ANY cell phone with a battery and in working condition has to be able to call 911 , even if it is not currently under a service provider 's contract , e.g. , ATT , Verizon , etc. . Everyone I know has an old cell phone kicking around in a drawer . I took mine to my elderly mother after ensuring that the battery was charged and that she knew how to do that . She can carry the small flip phone around in her purse or pocket . I tried it and it reaches 911 just fine , even though I have not had the phone under contract for years . She can tell them where she is and what she needs , because cell phone numbers are not necessarily part of the 911 address system . And she can have it with her when leaving the apartment , because she is still quite mobile . This LogicMark product does not work outside of the rooms where the base unit is installed . If the person ever goes outside , they wo n't be able to use it , take it to the store , etc. . That is the big advantage of a real phone .
 The first one I received didnt work at all . There was a short in the base units wiring causing intermiten powering . . which could be very dangerous thinking it was on and operable and in fact it wasn `` t . After calling the Logitech Support , they responded quickly and mailed out a new unit and provided postage to return the faulty product . The unit seemed to be ok if its used within the home , but really didnt function much outside of the front or back porch . . My mom gardens frequently , just about 20 ft from the back door to the small garden in the yard and the unit DID NOT TRANSMIT that far . . so i was a little disappointed in telling my 87 year old mother to try to make it to the house if you need help !
 I purchased this item from Amazon.com . The service by Amazon was superb . However , the product and the company , LogicMark producing the Guardian Alert 911 has several issues . When I installed the unit on a Saturday , there was a problem with hearing the 911 operator from the pendant . The 911 operator could hear us but the volume of the 911 operator from the pendant was inadequate . I called customer service at LogicMark . Customer Service is available only Mon-Fri 8:30 -5:30 EST ! I had to leave a message for them to call my mother on Monday morning . We left the unit on because at least , my mother could contact 911 if she needed help . However , she would not be able to hear the 911 operator when they answered her call.On Sat . evening , I decided to send emails to the president of LogicMark and to the president of Generation 3 -LRB- G3 -RRB- company , who had recently purchased the LogicMark company . -LRB- I believed that customer service should be available for a 911 unit , in case of problems installing the unit . -RRB- The LogicMark -LRB- LM -RRB- president had replied to my email on Sunday . However , I did not open his email message until 10:00 pm Sunday . The -LRB- LM -RRB- president was very apologetic , stated that he would send us a new unit to try , if I would email my mother 's address to him . On Monday , Mr. Nagler , president of Generation 3 , emailed and was apologetic and concerned about the problems with the Guardian Alert System and would get support for my problem . Mr. Nagler followed up on the situation by email several times . The presidents of both companies were very helpful.On Monday morning , I called customer service at Guardian Alert to find out if I could make an adjustment to the volume of the unit so that my mother could hear the 911 operator when she called from her pendant . Customer Service told me that they would not provide service or warranty the Guardian Alert 911 purchased from Amazon.com because Amazon.com was not an authorized dealer of Guardian Alert ! Amazon had not complied with their requests for additional information . They suggested that I purchase from another dealer on Amazon or elsewhere . In a few days , we received the new unit from LogicMark.The same problem occurred with the new unit . The volume of the 911 operator from the pendant was inadequate . Again , I called Customer service who told me that the problem could be in the phone lines and should have them checked.I called the phone company to check the lines . The phone company technician found no problem at all with the phone lines but as he listened to the 911 operator on the pendant he agreed that the 911 operator was not loud enough.Again , I talked with customer service at LogicMark . Another excuse was given for the volume problems of the pendant . Our county is completing the installation of the 911 system and it could be a relay in their system . They told me to return the unit to Amazon , -LRB- who gladly accepted the return and will refund my money . -RRB- LogicMark customer service would allow my mother to keep their 911 unit for 90 days to see if the unit would begin working properly , send us a new unit to try , or she could use the unit until we found a another device that would work for her . If after 90 days , she decided to keep the unit , she could pay for it.After several trips to my mother 's home , calls and emails to the LogicMark company , we still do not have a properly working unit . LogicMark Guardian Alert 911 System is not worth the trouble !
 I 've been buying products on Amazon for about five years , and this is the first time I have ever reviewed a product . I wish it were because I was excited about how great this product is ... This stuff tastes HORRIBLE -LRB- wild strawberry flavor -RRB- . I drink a lot of nasty stuff for my workouts , but this one tops the charts . Two nights in a row I have -LRB- barely -RRB- downed a serving of this product and have never tasted a worse protein drink . Both nights I had to stop myself from throwing it back up , and the burpy aftertaste is just as bad . I wish I had looked into more reviews of this because its SO horrible that I know I ca n't be the only person who thinks it.I 've been using Optimum 100 % whey until now and after I throw this bag out I 'll be going back . I hate wasting money but there is no way I could ever finish this bag , and I would never give it away - it just tastes that bad . I would have given it 2 stars instead of 1 because of the nutrition label , but what good is 60 grams of protein and almost no fat if you ca n't drink it ?
 The Tineacide in CREAM form is a great product . The spray however will leave you breathless , in a bad way . No matter how many times I have tried it , it gets me coughing and gagging .
 I purchased this product in cream form when it was on special periodical delivery . I meant to continue the periodical delivery but unfortunately decided against it . The reason for me to try this product out was because my foot doctor prescribed it to me when I had my toe nail removed due to nail fungus . The prescription was , however , a higher dose than what you can buy unprescribed . However , the prescription would not come under any insurance so take note that you still will have to pay it out of you own pocket . Anyway , since I have another toe nail starting to have the same looks of the fungus I had before I bought this product -LRB- even though the dose was less . -RRB- to avoid removal of the nail . After finishing two 2 oz bottles there is still no improvement . The nail did look normal when the cream is applied but looks terrible again after the cream wears off . The cream did NOT CURE the problem , it simply makes the nail look normal for as long as the cream is on it .
 I did n't have very good luck w / the product . It did n't repel mosquitoes and Japanese beetles started flying into me . Creepy . But if you like Japanese beetles , then this is the product for you .
 Admittedly , I am one of those people on whom insects , especially mosquitoes and chiggers , love to feast . Even so , regular chemical-based insect repellents such as the lower-DEET content versions of Off work well for me . I tried Burt 's Bees repellent as an alternative . What a complete waste of money . Not only did it not repel insects , it actually attracts them to me . I had more bites , more quickly , than wearing no repellent . It 's back to DEET-containing products for me . This product is one of several from Burt 's Bees that has given me a distrust of the company . -LRB- The rash-inducing lettuce soap was the worst ; this at least did not make my skin itchy or sore , which is why it gets 2 stars instead of 1 . -RRB-
 Let me start by saying that I am usually a fan of Burt 's Bees products.This herbal insect repellant not only failed at keeping bugs away but actually attracted a swarm of wasps . I was given the choice of using deet or this herbal spray . Not having access to a shower for the night , a few buddies and myself chose to douse ourselves with Burt 's juice . Fast forward 5 minutes , a swarm of angry wasps decended upon us like it was the rapture . The only person who escaped unscathed was the one who did n't spray anything . Unfortunately , I was stung over 10 times.Trust your instincts , there are times when all natural is not the way to go .
 This stuff has all the repellent herbs/smell in there and it does repeal the bugs but it 's so OILY that it 's pointless to use it . This one needs to be reformulated using a non-oily base . It might work better as a aromatherapy type oil you burn under a small candle , -LRB- which I have done to repel bugs outside . -RRB- ** UPDATE
 I used this product for the first time tonight . I followed the directions to the letter , and the mosquitoes kept coming . There was no relief until I used `` real bug spray '' with DEET.I filed a report tonight with Rip Off Report - this product does not work and IMHO , is aimed to dupe `` natural '' buyers !!!
 The product smells very nice and is very easy to apply , but it did not seem to repel insects and caused a rash on my arms and a blistery rash on my spouses neck . We wo n't use it , again .
 I got this bug spray to help ward off the clouds of mosquitoes while gardening in the Chicago suburbs . I wanted something that would keep the bugs away , but not expose my 1 year old to nasites in traditional bug sprays.I do n't know if I am using it wrong or there are some crazy bad mosquitoes out here , but I was eaten alive in about 10 minutes about 20 feet from my house . It seems to just not be strong enough to keep everything away.I am giving this 2 stars , because it does work when I 'm not out in the garden -LRB- i.e. sitting on the deck -RRB- . I think I just need something stronger for working in the back 40 .
 This product actually attracts more mosquitoes than usual to me -- and I 'm very attractive to mosquitoes . I give it two stars rather than one only because it does not cause a skin rash , unlike some of the other Burt 's Bee 's products that I 've tried .
 This is some very oily stuff , and it has a pretty strong smell too . It does n't dispense as a mist , which is what I was expecting . Instead it shoots out a grease jet that splatters -LRB- I actually got some in my eye when it splattered off my arm and let me tell you , this is not something you want in your eye -RRB- . Also it attracts bugs , including biting flies and mosquitoes . I wore it in the woods and I was swarmed by just about every biting insect you can imagine . I was a mass of mosquito bites by the time I got home . I 've never had that happen with other repellents I 've tried.It worries me that in some of the reviews I 've read people seem to think this is a nice , safe , mild product that you could use on a baby . It has citronella oil in it , which is known to cause skin irritation . The EPA requires a caution on the label because of that . I would never put this on a child.The only reason I can give this one star at all is because it does do nice things for my hair . As a hair product , if they changed the dispenser and took out the citronella this might be a winner .
 I bought this product after having tried every other over-the-counter medication against toenail fungus . It does not work . I wish I could give it 0 stars.I do n't want to take an oral medication because of the serious side effects associated with it.The box containing the bottle shows before and after pictures of nails but the fine print on the bottle itself claims that this product is ineffective on nails ! A phone representative said that this is a FDA regulation and that Tineacide is effective in 65 % of cases . I am still waiting for my money back .
 I have weak nails due to the use of artificial nails . I got this product during my transition from artificial to my natural nails . it does not work , because it peels very very fast . if it peels that means my nails does not have any protection and therefore it does not work . I have to constantly reapply and that 's not practical .
 I was told this product would do wonders for my nails , but have been sorely disappointed . Not only did it not improve the condition of my nails , it peeled off just like the bargain brand nail polish .
 I really wanted this product to work . I was looking for something to harden my nails and this was just like putting on a regular top coat and it did n't feel any different . I am returning this product .
 This morning , following the instructions on the box , I applied Nail Tek Intensive Therapy II , followed by nail polish . 12 hours later , 4 nails have completely peeled off.It claims to last a week.Giving this to a coworker who said she would try.Going back to Sally Hensen .
 In my opinion Nail Tek does n't come any close to Nailtiques in its performance . . Nail Tek feels simply like a strong adhesive that sticks on the nail , with nailtiques nail protein I could actually feel my nails harden in a very short period on time . . A clear nail polish would perform just as well as Nail Tek in my view , while saving you some cash . .
 This just got to us today . I added a picture . Basically , whomever shipped this decided it would be funny to pack these two tubs in a box too small for both . UPS delivered the box wrapped in a plastic bag because it was leaking powder.I 'm sure the product is good , but ... As an amazon prime customer , I expect better treatment . This is definitely unfortunate , and I do n't know that I 'll re-order this product , even if I like it .
 I ordered and recieved the battery quickly . However when I installed it in my flashlight and placed it on the charger , it would not take a charge . I tried several different charger and still the same problem with the battery stick . I returned the item and requested a refund .
 i ended up purchasing this stick locally since trying to buy it from amazon was problematic . apparently the sku is wrong ?
 This Garter belt is Much Smaller than implied by the measurements . The XX-Large size is supposed to be from `` 45 to 48 inches '' . When the velcro is fastened at it 's largest , the belt measures 38 inches . Yes , it will stretch to 45 '' , but it 's not at all comfortable when stretched 7 or more inches.An EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTING Product .
 I bought the garter belt when I had to wear high-compression support hose following vein surgery . This product did not worn for thee high-compression stockings . The clipswere inadequate and would not stay fasened .
 I have been epilating for over 20 years and could not wait for this product . I was checking constantly for the offical release and sales . I am not interested in the shaver function , only using the epilator in the shower or suana . What a let down . It hardly works at all ! My skin was irritated and barely any hair was removed . Even though they said not to , I had to use my dry epilator after I was done in the shower . So many long & short hairs were left it was ridiculous . I have to admit that this item is now collecting dust in my closet somewhere and I am deeply ashamed that I did not immediately return it . Save your money and legs , Get a regular epilator like the emjoi or just use an old fashioned razor .
 For a month applying the product 4-5 times day I did n't have any change.Customer service is great , they will try to work with you and help you ! ViliScottsdale , AZ
 I did the same as the previous review . No changes whatsoever . Paid $ 13 shipping and had to send back for refund . Still waiting on refund . Do n't bother .
 i tried this product and it didnt remove anything the bottle wasent event big enough to keep rubbing it on which i was constantly doing anyway i tried to make do with what i had and the moles didnt go anywhere .
 This magnesium malate is like any other malate I 've taken . I 've found magnesium malate to be a product that is absorbed very well . I need to take at least 1000 mg . a day . Here 's my issues :1 -RRB- I did not see the difference in mg from the label as advertised -LRB- 1250 -RRB- , and the actual product -LRB- 625mg -RRB- . This was my fault , as I had searched for 1000 mg . However , the bottle on the image needs to be changed .2 -RRB- This is the biggie
 According to the label , the consumer is led to believe that each capsule contains 625 mg of magnesium . In actuality , you have to take 6 capsules to get that amount!Total rip-off ... do not buy this item !
 The front of the bottle says 625 mg , 200 capsules . It is not until you get the bottle and see the fineprint that you find out that there are 6 pills to a serving size . Very misleading .
 It says it qualifies for the supersaver discount but when combining with other supersaver items or even doubling up on the item there is no supersaver discount in the final order .
 My rating is based on the misinformation on Amazon 's page for this item , not efficacy of the product . It states that the product is standardized to 70 % carvacrol oil . This is false.Per serving as labeled on bottle
 This product is a very substandard or a dilute version of Oil of Oregano that is produced by North American Herb . It had a foul taste and did not eliminate my sore throat as the more expensive North American Herb product did . This is about half the price of the North American brand . But you get what you pay for . I ended up throwing out the entire bottle other than the few drops I tried .
 I bought 4 of these in October of 2007 . One of them stopped working within a week of being used . The photo sensor no longer worked , meaning the light stayed on ALL the time . The fade/cycle feature also stopped working . Amazon exchanged my item for a working one . Now , March 2009 , another one has stopped working and is displaying the exact same symptoms . The light is decent when it works , but as someone pointed out , it 's really not all that bright .
 I thought I had read other reviews that said this product was specially formulated to dissolve easily in liquid -LRB- even water -RRB- and I figured natural flavor would be largely tasteless . I 've tried everything and this stuff is still disgusting ! It does NOT dissolve , no matter now much you blend , shake , let sit , etc. . There will always be clumps . More importantly , you can ALWAYS taste the off-spoiled milk taste of this product . Even in shakes , it makes the shakes extra foamy and is hard to swallow . The ONLY luck I 've had using this is putting it in pancake batter -LRB- beware , as it makes the pancakes burn , as it changes the property of the batter -RRB- . Very disappointing . I feel misled by other users ' product reviews and have no idea what I 'm going to do with the huge tub of this stuff now .
 its slippery and poorly made , it feels like wearing paper bag.you should buy the other shoes instead like this one &#34; Pink Slipper Genie Microfiber Cleaning Slippers , -LRB- Sz 6-9 -RRB- &#34; the ones similar to that model feel much better and theres good tracktion on the ground .
 After one week they just felt apart . Waste of money . Better go with the different brand i guess.But the idea is good .
 I ordered 3 pairs , 2 fell apart , they unravel very easily . not good at allPlease improve the quality and I may revisit
 These were a bonus when I ordered another product so I ca n't really complain . They are just thin with not very thick duster part . Glad I did not buy them as a stand alone product .
 I bought these for the utility and b/c they were the cheapest ones listed . They are yarn-bottom and not microfiber . They are crinkly b/c construction is several rows of yarn loops sewn to a plastic `` sheet '' in the middle . The plastic is what causes the crinkles when you move your feet . I put them in the wash twice -LRB- once in a laundry sack -RRB- and the plastic has split in several places , like , down the entire length . As comfy as they are , the construction is something to be desired . It 's worth it to spend a few extra dollars on an all-fabric , microfiber slipper .
 Began to delaminate and unstitch themselves immediately . Like the second use . Fit was too narrow for my broad foot . They could have used stretch fabric for an adjustable fit .
 Fell apart in first wash and left blue balls of fabric clinging to every item in the washing machine . Do not purchase if you plan to wash them !
 I have owned these for three months . One split and broke completely . The other one -LRB- not used much -RRB- is cracked and will have to also be trashed soon . Choices are limited as these are hard to find . I will search for some of better quality before buying more .
 I purchased these based on the advice of my chiropractor . He assumed they were cushy not ROCK HARD . They are the exact opposite of what you need for heel spurs . They feel more like an air cast , molded solid hard plastic . I wore them for one day and could not stand the next day . DO NOT purchase these for heel spurs !!!
 I have used a lot of waxes -LRB- both hard and soft -RRB- in the past , and this product is not that great when compared to others . Does not grab on to hair that is thick or shorter than a quarter of an inch .
 I ORDERED THIS ITEM IN JANUARY BUT UNTIL TODAY , I HAVE NOT RECEIVED MY ORDER . THEY OFFERED TO REFUND MY MONEY OR RE-SEND IT , AND I OPTED FOR THE SECOND OFFER . AMANDA TOLD ME THAT THIS ITEM WAS OUT OF STOCK SO THEY WOULD JUST REFUND MY MONEY , OR IF THE ITEM WOULD RETURN TO THEM , THEY WOULD RE-SHIP IT . I DID NOT RECEIVE ANY FURTHER INFO AFTER THAT E-MAIL EVEN WITH MY CONSTANT FOLLOW UPS , UNTIL ONE DAY , MY HUSBAND TOLD ME THAT WE 'LL BE TRANSFERRED TO A DIFFERENT COUNTRY . SINCE WE ARE LEAVING THIS COUNTRY NEXT MONTH , I STARTED CONTACTING THEM IN MAY TO JUST REFUND MY MONEY BUT NOBODY HAS REPLIED TO ME UP TO THIS DAY . PLEASE GIVE MY MONEY BACK AND HAVE THE DECENCY TO REPLY TO YOUR CUSTOMERS !
 It is said that it will stimulate you hair growth lie . Ultra hair removel will not work it will take problably for ever to make your hair grow at a slower rate.Its a waste of money You are better of grtting laser hair removel or shaveing with a razor all your life
 Even though this product has been off the market for quite some time , AmericanRx still has not removed it from their pages.They substituted another Alka Seltzer product without notification and then I had to incur the expense of returning the product to them . They did pay the original shipping costs .
 I ordered 5 cases but received 5 single bottles . Seller states they do n't sell buy the case despite this offer . DO NOT BUY THESE !
 Paid for 2 cases of 12 , they sent me 2 bottles ... Still want what I paid for and what was advertised . BEWARE , THEY WILL NOT SEND YOU WHAT YOU PAY FOR AND WHAT IS LISTED . HORRIBLE EXPERIENCEDO NOT BUY !!!!
 Took two a day for a few weeks ... no noticeable positive effect . I am rating it a two stars though just because upon a cold turkey discontinuing of use , I have had some breakouts , acne . So clearly it does something ... just not what I hoped.I have learned lately that I have Hashimoto 's . There has been so much written about the need for ioding for thyroid function , BUT , If you have Hashimoto 's watch out for ANY form of iodine . Iodine will trigger the immune system into destroying the thyroid .
 I purchased these pills thinking I could cure or at least help my Thyroid issues but I was wrong ! They say it 's a more Natural way of helping Hypothyroidism but all it does is keep me awake and it makes my heart race ! Neither one of these is what I want because it 's not a good feeling at all . I noticed allready this morning that my hair is falling out too ! I 'd think twice if I were you about trying this product , there has to be a better way .
 I am hypothyroid and take 112 mcg Synthroid daily . I tried this hoping it would make maintaining my weight a little easier and would combat hair loss and brain fog . I did not have many of the other symptoms listed by people who bought this -- cold hands and feet , fatigue , etc. -- but wanted to optimize my regimen . I noticed no changes whatsoever.After giving this product all the time I could stand , I 've concluded that this may be better suited for someone else
 didnt like the company it came from they were VERY slow , its like they lost the order at one point
 Utterly useless . Its like taking tic tacs . No benefit to me whatsoever . Absolute waste of money . It may work for someone else but I would never buy again .
 This product is not all it 's advertised to be . I noticed no difference when taking it . I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 Unfortunately Thyroid Support did not help my symptoms but I purchased the product without medical determination that I actually suffer from hypothyroidism .
 They 're not really working for me . . Still have cold hands and feet and all other thyroid like symptoms after taking them . They taste extremely sweet -LRB- like a sugar pill -RRB- and fall apart easily , almost like an aspirin . . These seem more like placebos than a medication or supplement . I read the placebo affect may work for some people , but thyroid conditions are serious . . You should be taking medicine that will help you get better , not make you ` think ' you are getting better . I 'm going to finish out the remainder of the box to see if anything changes .
 In another attempt to self treat my hypo , i tried these based on the amount of good reviews . I took 2 a day for a few weeks and got nothing out of it . I was still freezing all the time -LRB- temp always around 96.2 -RRB- and i noticed it made my arms and muscles hurt REALLY bad . It was like i could feel it moving through my veins , it was really weird . It was bothersome enough to have me in bed by 7pm most nights . Anyway , after a few weeks i stopped taking them . They just were n't the supplement for me . They do do SOMETHING though as i did notice a change when i took them ... just not a good one . They do taste good though , very sweet .
 keep it short . the brace at first seemed to work , but as I used it I found a few things wrong .1 . -RRB- the brace would ride up your back as the day went2 . -RRB- the straps wold loosen up over my left shoulder .3 . -RRB- I had to keep adjusting it every 10 minutes , like a teenage girl trying to get comfortable in her new bra.I would reach in and adjust it constantly.I did give it about a month of use , but it is just way to cumbersome and uncomfortable.if it would stay in place and stay tightened up I would like it.it needs something to hold it down in place , especially is your a little stoop shouldered .
 I bought 3 different Posture Corrective Bras that day and this one was so far the most uncomfortable.It looks like it would work but it did n't do it for me.The straps were stiff and uncomfortable and so was the velcro.It sits right under your breasts and makes it impossible to breathe if you put it tight.I am a size 6 petite person , I do n't know if it works with other frames.But I returned the item last week and they processed my request right away no questions asked .
 I bought 3 of these -LRB- for my sister , my mom , and for me -RRB- & it 's so-so . Like someone else reviewed , the most it does is serve as a reminder to keep my back straight , but if I get lazy I can hunch over without this thing providing any support against slouching . I also found the straps uncomfortable in the armpit area . I use it combined with a lower back posture brace -LRB- which I absolutely love - the Mueller one on this site -RRB- , but I could very well do without this one .
 The Velcro strap broke off after 2 uses because it was not even stitched into the fabric . The product was poorly designed and manufactured , buyer beware .
 I was quite disappointed with this product . The straps were way too long and there was not enough velcro to secure the brace . I had to cut the straps and the brace itself was quite bulky underneath my clothing . I did not feel as though it helped to correct my posture , and I would not suggest purchasing it .
 I did n't feel a real difference in my posture when I wore this brace . First off , it was REALLY challenging to put on by myself and adjust squarely on my back . The shoulder straps are really wide so it 's hard to cover up , esp in the summer where clothes are a lot less bulky and thin !! More importantly , I did not notice it being effective in helping me stand up straighter or keep my shoulders back ... it was a conscious effort on my part to pull my shoulders back and stand straight - something I can do WITHOUT having this brace as a reminder . Overall , did n't find it to be too useful or effective !! : -LRB-
 I bought this product because I am a mix of bodybuilder and guy works in lab forever and I hope this product can help me loose my back tension both due to the heavy muscles and long time stand . It comes out this product fits poorly . If you have a wide lat like me , you may feel the same . Stripes on both side curled under the armpit and it limits your shoulder or upper body motions significantly . You may see the vessels pops up on your biceps all the time . In a nutshell , it fits muscular man poorly
 The claim that this brace has hook and loop closure is false . In fact , it has neither hook nor loop but only a velcro strip closure . I consider this to be false advertising . When Footsmart was contacted they said this was the only way they could think of to describe the closure because velcro is a trademark . Come on guys , this is not rocket science . I really think the reason for this description is to fool the public into buying this item . It also feels like one has a backpack on one 's back . It produces a noticable `` hump '' on the back which is what I am trying to prevent by wearing such a contraption . Needless to say , I am returning this product asap .
 I thought it is easy to use , it is not . I did not prefer to purchase any product like that
 This brace was not right for me . I intend to return it . There is nothing wrong with it that I can tell . I just did not work for me and my problem .
 After wearing this item for a day I had a shooting pain in my neck.The feet of this item is very uncomfortable . Total waste of money . I wo n't recommed this to anyone .
 the material is so rough it scratched my skin under my arms and i got a rash that burnt me for several weeks . i bought this product even though i read the reviews . so blame me . doris ruiz . new york .
 Its supposed to be one size , the product comes with instructions to cut the excess length.There was still SO MUCH to cut off.Cutting it is a hassel . Not the cutting part but everything you have to do to it.the fabric is thick , and no matter how carefully I cut it , it looks butchered after . I would need to take it to someone to sew / craft a border for it , so that it does n't look so terrible . Its partially visible sometimes , the chopped off part ends up in the front of your shoulders/underarm . If you wear a lose shirt it shows.If you 're thinking this is not a product designed to be worn over clothes anyways , socks are meant to be covered by shoes but this does n't mean we 're going to go around rocking broken socks.Then you have to attach the velcro ... im not sure if I am expected to sew this on , paste it , or what.But I sure did not want to have to deal with all this crap . I never attached the velcro . I 'd try to return it , but would lose twice the amount putting time into a trip to the post office , phone calls with customer service , mail back fees.The product had been lying around my apartment for over a month now.The email reminder to write this review , also reminds me to put the product in the trash.There is another one , its black &#34; ShouldersBack Posture Support &#34; Same crap , you have to cut excess band off , the cut edge looks crappy , and is visible . On the plus side , the velcro is part of the product , so at least after you cut the band to fit , the product is wearable
 This product definitely did not meet my expectations . I 've seen it multiple times in magazines , and finally decided to purchase it in attempt to improve my posture . Not only was it pricey -LRB- for what you get
 Velcro quickly separated from the product making it unusable.Does not provide much support overall .
 I guess I should have known better than to buy such a silly item , but really it 's ridiculous . The straps are way too long . I mean how can I close it if the strap hang so low . I have 2 straps hanging from my bellow my chest -- weird look indeed . Were there sizes , because if there were I missed that part and whoa is this thing too long . Even if it fit I doubt it would even work . It does n't even prevent me from hunching over the computer right now -LRB- I 'm wearing it -RRB- . Ca n't possibly help my posture if it does n't do anything while I 'm actually wearing it !
 Product was advertised as 46 inches and was only 44 . To return the item I had to pay return shipping , insurance , etc. .
 I ordered this after reading some nice reviews but this brace came to me as a surprise . It does not solve the purpose , this brace can hardly hold corrected posture -LRB- instead of buying this just get a rope and wrap it around your shoulders and see if you can make that work and satisfy yourself , this brace is technically incorrect and waste of money -RRB- . It does not feel comfortable and yes it does hurt underarm area .
 Waste of money . Never worn . It does not fit larger people very well . I am 6 ' 2 &#34; and about 230 with big shoulders and it cuts off my circulation . Does not fit right . This feel like a very long Karate belt that barely wraps around in an uncomfortabl way .
 This probably will work OK for chests under 42 &#34; . Good idea but do n't believe the 22 &#34; - &#34; 46 &#34; range of utility .
 Hard to put on and does not fit well . Do not get this if you have any shortness of breath or breathing issues . Felt like I could n't breathe with it on .
 Not a good fit . Have to pull straps too tight to have ANY results , which then cuts off blood flow to your arms .
 Difficult to set-up and put on . I needed help from someone to strap on . Uncomfortable and did not do the job I expected . I should have returned .
 Bought it after reading good reviews , but used it only once . It pinches the underarm and shoulder so much that you forget about your back pain .
 i like the material but that 's about it . its uncomfortable around my ribs and it makes it hard to breathe . and its hard to move at all while wearing it . I would n't recommend it to absolutely anyone .
 This is badly designed . If the straps are loose then they slip off . If they are tight enough to stay on then they cut off circulation . Because of the non-stretch straps and where they hit , the entire front of the shoulder/arm area is affected . Awful , returning .
 This product takes forever to put on and shifts . It hurts . The brace is bulky and shows through clothes . After 1 week I tossed this because it is a hassle to get on , a hassle to wear , uncomfortable , bulky with poor design .
 Not very practical , have a hard time to make the back part stay centered and then I either feel suffocated or no help in my posture .
 The straps were extra long -LRB- could probably fit an obese person -RRB- and were made of styrofoam - they were NOT supportive or heavy duty at all - not to mention the velcro came off.Do not buy .
 I did not order this thru amazon but I have such a strong dislike for it that I felt I need to share . I decided to try this and ordered thru my insulin pump supply company . I had issues with other tapes sticking and getting rashes -LRB- like tegaderm , IV 3000 , hypaflix , etc -RRB- that I wanted to try this since it claims &#34; adheres securely to skin that is wet , oily or hairy , yet is still gentle on delicate skin &#34; and &#34; waterproof &#34; . I have tried it several times and it does not live up to its description . It falls off after I shower -LRB- thus not waterproof -RRB- , and with in a hour after putting on dry skin it is falling off . It does not stick well at all . Save your money and get something else . I went back to tegaderm .
 I 've orderd Ear Cone Candles Beeswax - 4 - Pack here to Iraq , where one of my soldiers is suffering from swimmers ear due to sweat . I have orderd this product over a month ago . along with another item , from a different company the same day.the other item got here in about a week ... standard time for products off Amazon.com.today , 1 month later ... my soldier still has swimmers ear , and there is nothing we can do about it , accept let him stay MORE uncomfortable than he already is.It is pretty outrageous the amount of time it is taking . looks like i will order the same product again , but not from these guys ...
 I did not order this thru amazon but I have such a strong dislike for it that I felt I need to share . I decided to try this and ordered thru my insulin pump supply company . I had issues with other tapes sticking and getting rashes -LRB- like tegaderm , IV 3000 , hypaflix , etc -RRB- that I wanted to try this since it claims &#34; adheres securely to skin that is wet , oily or hairy , yet is still gentle on delicate skin &#34; and &#34; waterproof &#34; . I have tried it several times and it does not live up to its description . It falls off after I shower -LRB- thus not waterproof -RRB- , and with in a hour after putting on dry skin it is falling off . It does not stick well at all . Save your money and get something else . I went back to tegaderm .
 I have n't been able to place the cleaning solvent that smells a bit like this deodorant . I can see people wanting to wear perfume to make a statement , but I ca n't imagine anyone who likes their deodorant to be detectable . By the end of the first and only day I used it , I was getting nauseated at the strong smell.Also , I think Mitchum 's works better .
 As recommended , I used very little of this . The smell is horrible and has not dissipated . I was also sweating through my shirt within an hour of application.Ugh .
 i 'm a big fan of Jack Black products , but this deodorant is a disappointment . it leaves a residue that does n't wash off well , even with the company 's own body wash . it protects for a lot longer than normal deodorants , but it almost is n't worth it when trying to be rid of it in the shower .
 As a black man , I have been in search of a great shave since puberty . I am a big optimist ... meaning , I havent given up on this shaver yet . However , I went from using a wahl T-Outliner to shave with -LRB- with no bumps -RRB- to this , hoping to get a close shave . I `` have '' bumps now and am not sure why . granted my skin is smooth ... meaning no stubble , however I now have bumps ... go figure . The manual that comes with the shaver states that you may have to give it time for your skin to get accustomed to it ... so I 'm gon na give it a week or 2 and see what happens . Glad i didnt throw away my old shaver yet . OHHHH , the trimer on the back IS the best thing about the shaver so far ... gives sharp lines .
 I purchased a Wahl 8061 shaver in October of 2011 and within two months it ceased to charge . I believe others have had similar issues . It will still run while plugged in , but will not take a charge . I contacted Wahl customer service and they indicated that the average turn around is three weeks . That would be three weeks without a shaver and I realize it only cost $ 50 , but I truly expected higher quality and did not expect to need repair this early after purchase . While a two year warranty on the product , which I was told by customer service is made in the U.S.A. weighed favorably toward the purchase , I find that the product seems cheaply made . Thin plastic and a little loose around the switch and plug port . On the positive side , it does shave very well for my type of beard and from a shaving perspective I am pleased . Unfortunately this product does not shine with quality as older Wahl products have . So my options are to be without a shaver for two or three weeks and pay for shipping or the same and purchase a cheap shaver to use in the interim . Or find another product from another company with hopes that someone still makes a quality shaver that will last for more than two months .
 This shaver worked okay for about a month . It was never able to get the hair right beneath my nose or under my chin or on my neck , but it did alright on the mustache and around the chin.That said , after about two months it barely cuts at all . It gets caught on hair and painfully rips it out . It glides right over the hairs on my neck like they 're not even there , leaving them fully intact.The pop-up tripper is also quite dull . It will just bounce right off of my side burns as if there 's no blade at all .
 The item I ordered did not include a pop-up trimmer I contacted customer service at DiscountJungle and all they were worried about was the low feedback rating I attached to their site . In addition they agreed to ship me another shaver instead they decided to issue me a credit in the amount of 33.95 however I paid 49.92 for the item . The shaver itself is a nice product I have one from another supplier but DiscountJungle customer service is horrible.This was a Christmas present for a friend now I must shop somewhere else !
 I 've purchased this shaver in the hopes that it would be the shaver I would use for the rest of my life . Unfortunately it does not live up to it 's performance . It shaves unevenly and afterward my face is irritated beyond belief . I 've owned Wahl products in the past but this has to be the worst . I would not recommend this shaver .
 After looking like a wild man for 2 weeks using the Wahl Pro 8061 5-STAR Beard Shaver for Men , I found myself a little dissatisfied the product . I would shave for at least 10 minutes each morning with this loud device to find myself left with lots of noticeable stubble . My Andis trimmers are far better !
 The foil failed the first time I used it . Does n't hold up to head shaving like it claims . Replacement foils are expensive compared to the over all cost .
 FAIR !!! or maybe my expectations are/were too high but I need and want a much closer shave . I 've used it twice and get nothing that I 'm accustom to . I 'd like to donate it to someone who would be pleased with not such a close shave.JD - 10/05/03
 This is an edit to my original review because , after only 5 months this razor is junk ! The switch only works intermittently . There is no way to fix the problem . This was my second Wahl razor but , I wo n't buy another one .
 This shaver was not what I expected it to be . The shaver was extremely noisy , and more importantly , it did not cut my facial hair anywhere near as close as my older shaver .
 I just started cutting my head bald so I thought I would look for a reasonable head shaver so I looked carefully on amazon to find one and they had several . I looked for one with good reviews and in my price range so I found the wahl 5 star bump free shaver . I would hope it was just my bad luck because the accual blade broke on it in less than 15 seconds . I was highly disappointed because I was really looking forward to using the shaver . Again I hope it was just my bad luck on this particular product and its really not that bad . So im still looking for my head shaver .
 With a name like `` Shaver/Shaper '' one is led to believe that this shaver has a built-in trimmer for shaping . Sadly , the place on the back where the trimmer * was * on older models , has been filled in with a blank piece of plastic .
 My barber first introduced this item to me so my expectations were over the top ! Imagine the impact when the same item receive did not meet the standard!Confused about the product I took it to my barber to ensure I purchase the right item . He too was amazed how the seller passed this items off as new when the blades had run its course and badly worn ! There were finger-prints on the inside of what suppose to be a sealed package . Immediately , I sent the item back to the seller who has yet to refund the amount paid for a new product!I 'm walking away a very disappointed customer ... blah blah blah !
 I 'm a blk male and my Norelco does a better job at shaving short hairs . This product does a poor job at giving you a clean shave .
 I am a black man , first of all , and bumps are something that I am very prone to having . I purchased this product after reading all of the `` great reviews '' on amazon -LRB- I wonder if REAL customers actually gave this product great ratings -RRB- . I wanted to replace my razor and therefore have a better chance of shaving without having bumps 24 hours later . Honestly , this shaver is NOT a super close shaver . I ran it all over my face and it did NOT shave anything . Even after pressing hard on my face -LRB- which is not recommended -RRB- it did n't do anything but actually cut my face.Let me not get into how this shaver sounds . It is so loud !!! It sounds like a stupid motorcycle early in the morning . It is almost stupid to use this considering I have neighbors . This is the worst shaver I have ever had . IT DOES N'T EVEN SHAVE ANYTHING !! WHY IS IT CALLED A SHAVER ??? So lets review here : Pros
 I purchased these shaver/shapers based on my barbers recommendation . The hair on my face is curly , and course . If I did n't use this device every day , or so , the hair would curl and prove too unruly for the device to catch them . -LRB- I think the device is better suited for straight hair . -RRB- Moreover , I think it goes back to the adage
 I 'm a black male with curly facial hair and have struggled with ingrown hairs for the greater part of my adult life . I 've tried many different products - clippers , trimmers , trend skin etc. . I stumbled upon this product and after reading some reviews I thought I would give it a try even thought I knew this type of razor is not recommended for someone with my face/hair type . I received the razor on Wednesday and read the instructions and even watch a video on how to use the razor . Soon after the shave , I knew I was in a world of trouble . The next day my face was very tender and I knew I was going to have a face and neck full of ingrown hairs . As the days progressed , I would get little bumps all over my face and neckline , literally the worst ingrown hair experience that I 've ever had in my life ! On Sunday I spent an hour + locating and getting the ingrown hair from under the skin . I 'll be freeing ingrown hair for the rest of the week and then spend the next week letting my face heal . Today is Monday and I almost contemplated calling in to work because my face is so bumpy and tender . If I could give this razor zero stars I would . If you are a male that has experienced ingrown hairs in the past , please do n't buy this razor . I do n't want you to have to experience what I am going through right now .
 I ordered this shaver because I am deployed to Iraq and I lost my previously used electric shaver -LRB- the great Remington ES-1000 Bump Control Shaver , I do not know why they discontinued this model -RRB- . I was hoping that after looking over the reviews it would be a good replacement , but it caused more bumps to appear on my face ! I tried to wait 2 weeks for my face to get used to it , but it failed to cut enough hair to keep me within military standards on a daily basis . Finally , this model does not have the pop up trimmer as advertised . SAVE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY !!!
 I was disappointed with this razor . I read all of the reviews BEFORE I purchased and could not wait to get my hands on it.it would not give me a close shave . I had to go back to my razor blade . I would not recommend this product
 I was really excited about buying this shaver since it 's the same one my barber uses and he highly recommended it . Problem is after two shaves the motor sounded like its getting bound up and the only way I can use it is to squeeze where the on off button is . It was a close shave -LRB- the two I got out of it -RRB- and cheap price but I would n't recommend this shaver to anybody .
 Shave a piece of junk . Broke after two weeks it fell apart and I read some of the reviews that claimed that very thing , but my husband wanted to try it and thought just maybe that person had gotten a lemon .
 The foil broke on the second day of use . When I went to replace the foil , the plastic garbage tabs broke off as well . I sold this POS and bought a Braun Series 7 . Could n't be happier now .
 I was hoping something made in the USA would be good unfortunately this one was not . The screen was messed up when I received it and it does not cut all of the hairs on my neck . I have to use a second razor to finish my neck . I also have another model of their shaver and it is the same way .
 They put all this stuff about how you have to give it weeks ... LIES ! This thing just dried my face out and gave one of the worst shaves ever ! I bought it because my barber recommended it as a way to keep my head bald but it gave poor results their as well . Basically , do n't waste your money or time . It costs too much to work so poorly on my face/head .
 my husband does n't like the results from the shaver.he is going to try the wahl triple head one.price ishowever is comparable to other shavers .
 I was n't happy at all with this product . You have to shave or trime your hair short enough in order for the to catch hair . I highly recomend the Wahl peanut clippers . I lost mine previouly to getting deployed and thought i would order these . Serves me right for not sticking to what i know .
 Wahl Professional 8061 5-star Series Deluxe Rechargeable Shaver ShaperAfter several uses of this product I was not happy with my results . Did not get the close shave I was looking for . Hopeing to get similar results , as I uses to from my Remington shaver design for black man 's . Also sorry to say Remington does ` nt make this shaver anymore . I 'm not very happy with Remington on that note too . Just not happy with this Wahl shaver .
 Does not work for me.Burns my skinLeaves hair on faceI think I will stick to shaving with a razor which takes less time .
 Usually i never leave a comment or a rating since everything i order comes in prompt time and in perfect/new condition so no need to say/rate . but in this case , maybe i was just unlucky . The dealer itself never gave me a tracking number once it left the store/warehouse . once it came , i charged it for 25-30 minutes . Once i unplugged it to test its speed and how good it was , 5 minutes later it start to kind of slow down and act weird . Right then and there it just died on me , like a engine that was pushed to hard . Tried to change it for the rest of the day to see maybe it was the battery to be charged completely but nothing . $ 50.00 down the drain . I 'll just stick to buying from Amazon itself and not its dealers .
 Hello , This is one of the most sorry and bad shavers I ever bought in my life timeI have never used a shaver that will not even cut my facial hair if it is long or shortI would like to know if there is any way that I can get my money back for this sorryass shaver and I will never purchase any Wahl products never again in my life time.I have never been so disgusted and not pleased with any other shaver that I have ever purchasedas with this product.Disgusted and Very Unhappy
 Just horrible , threw it away after one day . If I could give it 0 stars then I would . Nothing more to say than just do n't but it . It 's a waste of money .
 I purchased the Wahl 5 star shaver and it is lighter , louder , and does not shave as close . I will be so happy when Remington replaces the es 1000 which they discountinued . I will have to suffer with the Wahl until I find a replacement .
 This is a poor replacement for my Remington ES-1000 Ultra Smooth slot electric razor which is discontinued . I 'm white but my facial hair tends to curl right back into my skin . I 'm not looking for a close shave because of ingrown hairs , however this Wahl shaver misses so many hairs I have to use a trimmer prior to using it . I suspect instead of the hair going into slots to be cut -LRB- like my remington -RRB- it has to pass thru the mesh holes on the Wahl . I used my Remington for years without missing random hairs and at a quarter of the time it takes to use this Wahl with no ingrown hairs . Remington please bring the slot razor back .
 I used this product once on my head after using clippers . I wanted a better way to cut my hair short other than using a razor . I only got one use out of it and now it does n't even trim short or long hair . If I could take it back I would . I expected atleast a couple months worth of use .
 The shaver did not cut my husaband 's beard . The product is advertised as a bump free shaver for African American skin . Not so .
 When purchasing an item , it is expected that I would receive an item in brand new conditon . I received the product within the estimated delivery time . However , when i opened the item the gold foil that covers the blades was ripped , which is obviously not usable . Also , there was a crack in the bottom of the item .
 After just 3 uses the foil split in two . I thought this shaver would do the job and the price was not as bad as some local beauty stores . It does NOT give a close shave either . Have to say this was a waste . With I had a zero star option
 Hey I have to say after reading some of the reviews I was looking forward to getting this and getting off the razor blades I was using now that I 'm keeping a shaved head too.After reading the review from the guy going to barber school using it day in and day out , I was sold ! But once I got it , not so much . First couple of use were great but after thatit has become harder and harder to get a smooth finish . I find it hard to believe that I have to purchase another blade head this soon ! I 'm to the point that I still have to go back tomy razor to get close and smooth . This would not be the one I talk up , sorry !
 This caused numerous bumps on my husband.It is not bump free . I would not buy it againand want to return it .
 Do n't get me wrong . This is an excellent shaver . Very good at fighting bumps , but ... it is advertised as a shaver shaper , and the shaper for this product is missing . The back side should have a straight edge shaper , and it is not there . I recieved this product well packed and on time , but , this was a problem order overall . Not only was it advertised incorrectly , the first one I recieved had a defective foil guard , that came apart during the first use . I called and and was offered a replacement , that also arrived quickly , but it too was missing the shaper . The customer service person could not confirm if the replacement would include a shaper or not . It did not . All in all , amazon allowed me to return both for a full refund , and I received an email from them stating that they would look into the product discription . I will note that I have been using this product for years , and it does typically have a shaper , and there is only one model number . It seems wahl either intentially or unintentially made this shaver without the shaper , and neglected to change the model number .
 Because we have been happy with another Wahl device , a hair trimmer named `` Peanut , '' when I had a difficult time finding a reliable foil shaver -LRB- Boy ! When you review shavers here , it looks like there are a lot of unhappy users ! -RRB- , I tried this Wahl Pro 8061 5-STAR Beard Shaver For Men . I used it for less than two weeks and the foil split . I do not recommend this shaver at all . In addition , the packaging the vendor shipped the shaver in was very inadequate . The shaver was so loose in the package that the shipping process caused the shaver to actually break out of the clamshell packaging . When I opened the box , the shaver was just sitting loose in the box .
 I am a 31 year old black male with very sensitive skin . I have always shaved with Andis Outliner trimmer and have desired a closer shave for years . A few years ago I tried shaving with Magic Shaving Powder like my father and that did n't work out , I had terrible in-grown hairs all over my face and neck a few days afterwards . So after stumbling upon this Wahl bump free shaver I was somewhat optimistic that maybe I 'll finally be able to get that closer shave I 've always desired . I only shave every 5 days ago due to my skin being sensitive . I shaved for the first time with this Wahl shaver last Thursday night the same day it was delivered by UPS . I read the instructions and it said your face needs to get used to a new shaver and to only use the Wahl shaver for a few weeks . The very next day my face was super sensitive and would sting a little if I touched my face or under my neck . Well after letting the hair on my face grow out from last Thursday to today -LRB- Tuesday -RRB- I needed to shave again to look appropriate for work and decided not to chance it with the Wahl shaver and to just use the Andis Outliner trimmer instead and could n't believe how bad my face looked , in-grown hairs and bumps everywhere on my face and neck . You should be able to see the pictures I uploaded to see the condition of my face . I spent 30 minutes picking in-grown hairs out and now my face will need a few weeks to recover and hopefully heal . I 'm repackaging this Wahl shaver and calling Amazon tomorrow and argue with the rep about giving me a refund , I feel this is false advertisement . From reading other reviews I guess maybe other black males have tougher skin than mine and maybe thats why they had better success with this shaver . I 'm disappointed that I still have not found anything that can give me a closer shave than the Andis trimmer I use , but I guess I just have to accept it for now and be happy not to have any in-grown hairs or bumps after I shave .
 I bought this product as a replacement for the discontinued Remington ES-1000 Bump Control Shaver . This product is vastly inferior . It is critical that every black man struggling with razor bumps understand that FOIL ELECTRIC RAZORS DO NOT WORK AND ARE NOT AN EFFECTIVE MEANS TO ALLEVIATE RAZOR BUMPS IN BLACK MEN . I 'm shocked that Wahl has tried to capitalize on its hair clipper popularity by putting out this very loud , ineffective foil shaver . It may shave close , but will not prevent the razor from cutting beneath the skin , causing the bumps . What a sham ! Shame on Wahl ! Avoid this product . Remington had it right .
 Very expensive and no better that the commercal product I purchased at the local drug store . Very few products on the market . This particular one is over priced and much overrated !
 I did not order this thru amazon but I have such a strong dislike for it that I felt I need to share . I decided to try this and ordered thru my insulin pump supply company . I had issues with other tapes sticking and getting rashes -LRB- like tegaderm , IV 3000 , hypaflix , etc -RRB- that I wanted to try this since it claims &#34; adheres securely to skin that is wet , oily or hairy , yet is still gentle on delicate skin &#34; and &#34; waterproof &#34; . I have tried it several times and it does not live up to its description . It falls off after I shower -LRB- thus not waterproof -RRB- , and with in a hour after putting on dry skin it is falling off . It does not stick well at all . Save your money and get something else . I went back to tegaderm .
 having bad shoulders and arms , this is too difficult to get the velcro closures off .
 Though this item was exactly what I was looking for -LRB- the same that I used in Physical Therapy -RRB- , the high price of $ 7.99 + $ 7.90 shipping was too much for just a single weight . I wrongly assumed I was purchasing a pair .
 Was upset that this did n't come in two pairs . Definitely not worth the price of one .
 The product I purchased was made of inferior quality synthetic plastic material which can easily be punctured and the sand would spill all over . Save your money on shipping costs -LRB- almost as much returning it as it would to buy it -RRB- and shop your local store .
 Not able to review product . Product was ordered by me to be delivered to an address other than mine as a gift .
 Nice idea for all of us office workers , but the main backing is too soft to provide any real lumbar support . Furthermore , the movable lumbar support is made of the same soft material and is too small and not thick enough to provide any real support . I am looking for something else .
 Based on the first week of use , I have to say I 'm disappointed . There are 2 problem areas - first , the adjustment screw for the flame does n't work right ; second , the valve for refilling the lighter with butane seems to leak badly . Maybe I 'm just not doing it right , but I 've tried to figure out a way to refill & just seem to keep getting leaks . Also , I ca n't tell how much butane is getting in - probably not much since the lighter does n't keep the flame for long .
 I have ordered this product @ 15 days back . . still not received the delivery.Also the order does not provide any tracking number.After placing the order after 2-3 days I got email that my order is shipped . The email does not have any tracking number . This is simply waste of money.My suggestion - Do not buy this item . . its totally waste .
 I ordered batteries meant to replace AG13 sized ones . These were labelled AG14/LR44 , so I figured I was set . It turns out that the AG13 are slightly thicker than the LR44 that were sent to me . Not much , but enough to mean that 3 new LR44 batteries stacked up are n't thick enough to make the proper connection in my reading light . That makes them pretty much useless to me .
 Product arrived in the `` blister pack '' as shown , but the front clear plastic was n't attached to the back cardboard except for two small pieces of scotch tape . Product was put in a regular Amazon box for shipping . Four of the cells were missing from the packaging , and only two of those were rattling around in the box -- I assume the other two fell out of the box in transit .
 These 10 battery pack is equal to the 2 pack branded batteries you get in the stores with respect to battery life .
 I do n't like to leave 1 star ratings . I really do n't but these batteries were so asking for it . They did n't work well ... at all . We have those electric candles set and each takes about 3 . They worked when I put them in . I DO NOT keep the candles lit up . After a few days , I tried to turn them on -LRB- you have to blow on the candles to do that -RRB- and the batteries were dead . They did n't even last a week . My advice , go for a better product and steer clear of these !
 I use these types of batteries in some small electronics around the house . The previous set lasted for 8 months . The replacement batteries barely lasted for a month . Have to be careful with ordering batteries online .
 Maybe it was just a bad batch , but these batteries are terrible . I purchased them to replace the ones that came inside my baby 's toy , and they barely made it through the week -LSB- while the original ones lasted for months at the same rate of abuse -RSB-
 The batteries were packaged well with tear away on every 2 batteries . I expected to get more time using the batteries before they went dead . I bought these to use in lighted fishing bobbers and within 3 hours the bobbers had dimmed to where you could no longer see them . The bobbers take 2 batteries to light up , so I do n't think I got good use for the money spent .
 I got this batteries for my baby 's toy . They lasted 3 weeks and he did n't even play the toy that much . I guess you get what you pay for .
 Batteries were fine when I first put in our candles . Lasted less than a week only using 3 times during the week . The price is low but so is the quality .
 I think they were all dead on arrival . Tried several in different watches -- no working . Quite annoying
 The scent of the oil does not smell like red currant . It smells more like it has a mixture of something else .
 This product smells of alcohol and not gardenia 's . Once I filled my diffuser I was shocked to see it had evaporated within hours . AND no fragrance !
 The ad showed a packed carded group of wicks -LRB- apparently changed since my email and complaint -RRB- with the description `` Wicks Carded 24 Included '' Maybe I 'm a little slow . . but a picture of 24 wicks and a description , '24 included ' , seems pretty straight forward . I received 1 wick ?! I wrote the company who responded . . ` return for refund if not satisfied ' . You 've got to be kidding ... package up 1 wick ... drive to the post office ... pay for return postage ... wait forever for the refund ... check credit card to make sure I received it ... YOU GOT THE PICTURE . The appropriate response should have been ; Sorry for the mistake , keep the wick , we will refund your money . All I 'm saying is the seller should review what they are selling on Amazon and clearly and properly advertise what they are selling . The seller never offered to check ad or correct it , maybe they will get around to it.Signed ... Ripped Off
 OK , First of all here I 'm thinking this is a good deal saying it has 24 in it . well when i get it there is only one ****** thing in there .
 Need to change the picture . It makes you think you are going to get more then one wick . I was my bad for not reading everything but the picture is really misleading . i would not have bought this if i knew there was only one wick .
 estos tales , promueven en forma enga & ntilde ; osa sus productos dicen que su presentacion es de 24 mechas y solo recibi unase ve a a las claras , que su ganancia esta en el precio del embarque -LRB- 0.90 parael producto 3.68 para el embarque -RRB- se merecen cero estrellas
 so theres 24 well i got 1 for 15 buscks i thought i was getting goods stuff i could of bout a zipp with that much but that is a cheep move dont buy this and well fluid cost less flints cost less -LRB- online -RRB- but live an learn
 I was expecting more after reading all the good reviews ... . but I guess you get what you pay for . I honestly would n't pay more than $ 10 for this . It feels cheaply made and it was only about 75 % stuffed . save your money and buy another pillow !
 I thought I would save some money after trying the one at the Sleep Number store . This does not begin to compare . I should have bought the original -RRB- :
 It is uncomfortable as it is hot , I tried it one night and I was turning every minute , very hot and very soft . It might be good for the people who like to have warm pillow and soft pillow .
 but do n't like it!For a person who sleeps in every position though mostly side and tummy , I only found it comfortable to use on one side ! Since each end of the pillow has a different firmness , I do n't understand how people can use it for more than one position !? It got two stars for at least being inexpensive to try ...
 After 2 nights my neck hurt and not enough support for your head . Although I do like this for reading , as aback support . I bought two thinking I would have a great nights sleep , but I am still looking for that .
 I had high hopes for this pillow based on the reviews . I wanted to like it.To my disappointment , the item does not match the description in `` Product Features '' . The pillow is made of low-quality fill that does not hold its shape and completely collapses around and surrounds your face when you sleep on your side ; Because it 's filled with polyester fiber , it heats up pretty quickly which makes it even more uncomfortable.The pillowcase could not be made of worse quality material . If you do n't mind putting your face to super fine grade sandpaper every night , then you may not mind the pillowcase.The quality of fabric was mentioned in one review but 1 . it did n't convey how bad it really was 2 . I figured I can make my own pillow case if this pillow is so great.The pillow itself , though , is a total dud . It did n't even feel good between the knees . I suppose I can comfortably say I 'm not a fan of Duro-Med products.The Amazon Customer Service rep was very kind and this pillow is going back .
 Got this pillow because I have chronic neck pain after 2 neck surgeries . Read reviews - so I thought I would try this . I have spent a lot of money searching for the right pillow . Very disappointed . This pillow was almost flat and offered no support - it does not cradle your neck nor support your shoulders as advertised . I was hoping this was the one . I am once again back to searching for the right pillow .
 This pillow is awful . I ca n't believe there are so many good reviews . First off , there is no noticeable difference between the two sides of the pillow - they are both rock hard . I like firm pillows , but this pillow is more firm than is reasonable . The pillow height seems wrong , too . I am not petite , and the pillow is too high . Because the pillow is so hard and too high , my neck bends in a very uncomfortable way . The 2 nights I used the pillow were extremely painful . The pillow claims that is is suitable for all sleeping positions . That is simply not true . The only position that is even slightly comfortable is on your side , and only if you are very broad shouldered .
 I had high hopes for this pillow , since I have severe neck pain . It really did not do the job and now it sits in my closet . I do not recommend .
 I purchased four Duro-Med Hugg-A-Pillows for my family . Unfortunately , not one of us found them remotely comfortable . I really wished they would have lived up to their billing .
 When I first received this product it was fluffy and dense . Four months later , the pillow has lost its fluff , and it creases in the center of the pillow .
 I believe this company writes and images the product in a purposely misleading fashion . Be aware you will receive not a box of six packs of flints . You will receive one dispenser of six flints only .
 i came here to do a compare costs and you can get the same thing at zippo.com for 70 cents
 Thanks for the tips on the rip off , you guys saved me some money . I will never look at anything from this company again .
 This is only one pack of flints . These are .70 cents at any gas station . Do n't be fooled by the picture .
 photo leads one to think they would be receiving multiple packs of flints for a great price . Text indicates 6 flints per dispenser -LRB- which is , basically , true -RRB- , but I 'll never order from these people again . My fault too
 the ad was deceiving , I thought I was getting 6 packs not 1pack of 6 flints . you can find these at a number of other web sites for under 1 dollar .
 Caveat emptor on this item here . I was n't paying attention when I ordered this thinking that it was for a pack of 6 flints per card with 6 cards in total . It is ONLY 1 CARD with 6 flints in the dispencer !! Look elsewhere as you will find prices starting from $ 1.50 e.g. on ebay.STAY AWAY !! Hopefully someone reads this before ordering unlike me .
 BOGUS TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE received only 1 container of 6 flints . not box shown . i would rate zero stars
 I have purchased several supplements from VAXA over the years ; unfortunately , Prostatin provided me absolutely no benefit whatsoever . That being said , I would try other VAXA items again in the future .
 I finished the first bottle which went pretty quick with all they tell you to take . I am not sure what I was looking to find , I thought it would last longer to see better results . This would get real expensive to stick with it , and no way to tell if it is any better than just Saw Palmetto alone .
 THIS PRODUCT IS A WASTE IVE BEEN USING IT FOR A MONTH NOW ... THE ONLY RESULTS I SEE IS MY NAILS BUT AS FAR AS HAIR '' HELL NO '' DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY PEOPLE
 I ordered several items together , the others all showed up within 3 to 4 days . Only this one , it took 2 weeks to deliver to our house , without placing it on the ice pack or anything to keep it cold , supposedly for a Probiotic product!I do n't know whom to blame for this packing & delay , just wo n't buy this product anymore .
 I 've had success with Controlled Labs products , but this one fell short . My body responded more to straight Creatine Monohydrate than this . There were n't side effects as stated by the company , but I 'm not so sure it had results either .
 I took them twice a day for a month and felt no effect at all . I thought I 'd try these before prescription meds
 These pads gave me a very bad rash and left my skin red for a few weeks !!!
 I went to bed with a patch on my knee . I woke up in the middle of the night burning . Man , the pain from the sore knee was gone but it had been replaced with a burn that I can not describe except to say it was hot , hot , hot . Do not recommend .
 This company must not have a ruler or anyone with common sense . I ordered 2 '' x 3 '' bags and was sent 2 '' x 2 '' bags . A six year old could be able to tell that the bags that were sent were not 2 x 3 . I was given a full refund and was offered the correct size bags but I declined and bought the same product from a different seller and actually got what I needed . I would caution people from buying from a seller who ca n't tell the difference between 2 and 3 inches .
 I got this product for my mom because she has major constipation issues . She did n't notice any difference.He stomach still felt bloated and she was still majorly constipated .
 In October 2010 I purchased Source Naturals L-Tryptophan . It was recommended to help me with light insomnia . One hour after taking only two 500mg capsules I became desperately ill and my health has continued to decline to this day to the point I am now housebound and can not stand for more than a few minutes due to terrible pain . My experiences led me to write two books about what had happened , the horrors myself and my young family have had to endure because I took only two Source Naturals L-Tryptophan capsules . Before and after writing the books my research turned up some very alarming information about this so called &#34; natural &#34; company . They produced L-Tryptophan in the 1980s which caused the disease I have now to endure , EMS , or Eosinophilia Myalgia Syndrome . They were litigated to be held accountable to the victims killed or disabled for life . Tryptophan was then banned for a period of more than a decade . And now ? Source &#34; naturals &#34; think it acceptable to buy their Tryptophan from China , where it is usually made from duck feathers , -LRB- diseased or not -RRB- . They do not tell you this on the label , the label on the bottle states &#34; made in the USA &#34; which is a lie . The Tryptophan is imported from China and merely put into capsules in the USA , then sold to an ignorant public . Legally it is a disgrace , although they are permitted to act in this manner by current legislation . So why should you care ? Why should you stop buying Source Naturals ? For one reason . They are a firm which does NOT have the consumers interests at heart . They are interested mainly in profit , as there are sources of ethically produced Tryptophan around -LRB- plenty of them -RRB- , but Source Naturals consider it more profitable to buy in bulk from the one country we have all heard so many horror stories about when it comes to foods and supplementation - China . If you wish to keep buying Source Naturals products I wish you well , and I hope and pray that you do not contract a horrible disease from their products as a result of their greed , as I have done . Think for a moment before you press that buy button - the Source Natural product you are about to buy may well have an ingredient from a VERY un-natural source .
 I have used almost the entire kit on a single wart on my hand and no change at all . If you leave the cold thing on your skin for a long time it starts to really hurt sometimes . That hurting did n't kill my wart though .
 I used this on plantar warts and no success , it just did n't do it for me .
 Quite simply this product does not work . Despite following the directions , I could barely feel a chill when the applicator was pressed against the skin . Not even the top layer of skin was destroyed .
 It 's LOUD , hair gets stuck in it and wo n't come out , it catches on the hair and pulls , it does not do a good job trimming . If you are looking for a trimmer I do n't recommend this one .
 This product is a piece of garbage !!! Not only did it not work when it arrived , it 's craftsmanship was very poor quality . Even if it had worked I doubt it would have been very good !
 Piece of junk broke after 3 light uses . Nothing like the shaver I got at AVN convention . . Years back . Either a knock off or they turned junk .
 I tried this product because I REALLY needed a place to sit down every 200 yards or so . For me , this product was not helpful in any way . This would be ok for a very lightweight person for an occassional use ... but for everyday serious help I would not recommend it . In my experience it just does n't fill the bill .
 tried this stuff out on a whim , and it did nothing for me . buy/use at your own caution . keep in mind what does n't work for me , might for you . meds/supplements affect us all differently and at different time periods . this is pricey stuff and not willing to try it for a long period , and will not get it again .
 I had the same feeling as some others reviewers . I didnt feel anythig after I had finished taking two bottles Gaba . My intention was to fight aganist insomnia and the main problem is that I didnt feel anything and that 's actually why I gave it two stars . If I had had any bad side effects , probably , I would give it 1 star .
 I 'll talk about why I 'm not too fond of GABA tablet products versus GABA capsules in a moment . First I really want to say how great GABA is.I found out about GABA by accident and looked it up on the web . I read where it can have a calming effect on people . It implied that taking it could aid in relieving anxieties , calm nerves , make you relax , and help with sleep . I found this a little hard to believe that an over the counter item could do this , but I decided to try it out.There is a local GNC store nearby and they have it in stock . Their bottles have 90 capsules at 750mg each . The cost was almost $ 16 dollars a piece and I felt that it was a little steep in price , but I went ahead and made a purchase.From what I had read on the web , a person should think about taking a least 1mg three times a day and that going beyond 18mg a day has little . One of the only major side-effects that I 've been able to find is that taking too much GABA in one day can create the anxieties and stress that you are trying to get rid of . I decided to take three capsules three times a day which would keep me under the 18mg limit that I wanted to keep under.The first day of taking it worked very well for me . In fact , it was great ! I 'm normally always a nervous person and this GABA stuff really calmed me down.The second day was different ; I started feeling anxious and nervous , but a little more worse than normal . Long story short , I worked my way to dropping the dosage down from three capsules three times a day to two capsules twice a day . -LRB- Two in the morning when I get up , and two after lunch . -RRB- There are times when I take a fifth capsule about an hour before going to bed.I could go on about how I 've seen GABA has worked with other people -LRB- it has -RRB- , but I want to talk about how I like capsules better than tablets.I tried GABA tablets . In fact , I 've tried this brand of GABA product and I do n't feel that GABA tablets work as well as GABA capsules in delivery . I did n't feel that the tablets were dissolving as good so I decided to perform my own unscientific test . I placed a capsule and a tablet in cups of warm water -LRB- to mimic a warm body -RRB- . The capsule did n't take too long to dissolve , but the tablets seemed to take forever to break down . Even when I stirred the tablet around , very little came apart . The capsule just about completely dissolved.I guess the tablet could be used a rough version of a timed release over a continuous period of time if it does n't get passed through your digestive system and eliminated first.Anyway , that 's my feelings about tablets versus capsules , and how I like GABA . Also , read up on GABA before taking it to see if it 's right for you , and perhaps discuss it with your doctor first especially if you are already taking anything for anxieties and such .
 I had a similar experience to the reviewer who said GABA gave her insomnia . I just had one of the the worst nights of my life after taking 750 mg GABA at bedtime . Agitation and tension kept me awake for an hour before I finally gave up and took and OTC sleeping pill . Never again . I keep reading that GABA has no side effects , but it certainly does backfire for some of us .
 GABA does n't cross the blood brain barrier ; therefore , I have to say that many who are having good experiences with this product are likely experiencing a placebo effect . That being said , even if it is just a placebo , at least it 's doing something for you . I 've heard that Picamilon can cross the BBB , though I have n't done the research to find out yet . Picamilon is GABA bound to a niacin and is used to relieve various ailments . I 'm going to give it a try as I 've tried GABA because of all the good reviews , thinking maybe if I took enough some would cross the BBB . I noticed absolutely nothing after taking it for a month and will not waste another penny on it .
 I 've tried the 750mg GABA -LRB- 90 capsules -RRB- from this company , from GNC , and from Ultimate Nutrition . I feel the GABA from Source Naturals seems to be the least effective of the three companies with regards to calming . Unless I hear they ever get better , I will never purchase from any from them again . Ultimate Nutrition 's 750mg GABA seems to me as being the best , and I purchase my Ultimate Nutrition GABA in the two-pack from Amazon for around $ 23 , and you can save an additional 15 % if you subscribe to purchase at certain intervals . Buying GABA from GNC is around $ 16 for one bottle , and again , this is for the 90 capsules . For some reason , I feel like I get a better effect from the GABA from capsules than from tabs.I 've also notice that some people have stated in several areas that taking GABA keeps them awake at night . Typically , this means that you are taking too high of a dose . GABA can give the reverse of an effect if the dose is too high . For me , I take one capsule in the morning and two capsules at night -LRB- each capsule is 750mg -RRB- . Perhaps for some people , a lesser dose of 500mg might be better , or breaking a tab in half for a 250mg dose . If you still have problems with GABA keeping you awake or non-calm , then it sounds like you might have other issues and should see your doctor .
 I 'll talk about why I 'm not too fond of GABA tablet products versus GABA capsules in a moment . First I want to say how great GABA is.I found out about GABA by accident and looked it up on the web . I read where it can have a calming effect on people . It implied that taking it could aid in relieving anxieties , calm nerves , make you relax , and help with sleep . I found this a little hard to believe that an over the counter item could do this , but I decided to try it out.There is a local GNC store nearby and they have it in stock . Their bottles have 90 capsules at 750mg each . The cost was almost $ 16 dollars a piece and I felt that it was a little steep in price , but I went ahead and made a purchase.From what I had read on the web , a person should think about taking a least 1mg three times a day and that going beyond 18mg a day has little . One of the only major side-effects that I 've been able to find is that taking too much GABA in one day can create the anxieties and stress that you are trying to get rid of . I decided to take three capsules three times a day which would keep me under the 18mg limit that I wanted to keep under.The first day of taking it worked very well for me . In fact , it was great ! I 'm normally always a nervous person and this GABA stuff really calmed me down.The second day was different ; I started feeling anxious and nervous , but a little more worse than normal . Long story short , I worked my way to dropping the dosage down from three capsules three times a day to two capsules twice a day . -LRB- Two in the morning when I get up , and two after lunch . -RRB- There are times when I take a fifth capsule about an hour before going to bed.I could go on about how I 've seen GABA has worked with other people -LRB- it has -RRB- , but I want to talk about how I like capsules better than tablets.I tried GABA tablets . In fact , I 've tried this brand of GABA product and I do n't feel that GABA tablets work as well as GABA capsules in delivery . I did n't feel that the tablets were dissolving as good so I decided to perform my own unscientific test . I placed a capsule and a tablet in cups of warm water -LRB- to mimic a warm body -RRB- . The capsule did n't take too long to dissolve , but the tablets seemed to take forever to break down . Even when I stirred the tablet around , very little came apart . The capsule just about completely dissolved.I guess the tablet could be used a rough version of a timed release over a continuous period of time if it does n't get passed through your digestive system and eliminated first.Anyway , that 's my feelings about tablets versus capsules , and how I like GABA . Also , read up on GABA before taking it to see if it 's right for you , and perhaps discuss it with your doctor first especially if you are already taking anything for anxieties and such .
 In October 2010 I purchased Source Naturals L-Tryptophan . It was recommended to help me with light insomnia . One hour after taking only two 500mg capsules I became desperately ill and my health has continued to decline to this day to the point I am now housebound and can not stand for more than a few minutes due to terrible pain . My experiences led me to write two books about what had happened , the horrors myself and my young family have had to endure because I took only two Source Naturals L-Tryptophan capsules . Before and after writing the books my research turned up some very alarming information about this so called &#34; natural &#34; company . They produced L-Tryptophan in the 1980s which caused the disease I have now to endure , EMS , or Eosinophilia Myalgia Syndrome . They were litigated to be held accountable to the victims killed or disabled for life . Tryptophan was then banned for a period of more than a decade . And now ? Source &#34; naturals &#34; think it acceptable to buy their Tryptophan from China , where it is usually made from duck feathers , -LRB- diseased or not -RRB- . They do not tell you this on the label , the label on the bottle states &#34; made in the USA &#34; which is a lie . The Tryptophan is imported from China and merely put into capsules in the USA , then sold to an ignorant public . Legally it is a disgrace , although they are permitted to act in this manner by current legislation . So why should you care ? Why should you stop buying Source Naturals ? For one reason . They are a firm which does NOT have the consumers interests at heart . They are interested mainly in profit , as there are sources of ethically produced Tryptophan around -LRB- plenty of them -RRB- , but Source Naturals consider it more profitable to buy in bulk from the one country we have all heard so many horror stories about when it comes to foods and supplementation - China . If you wish to keep buying Source Naturals products I wish you well , and I hope and pray that you do not contract a horrible disease from their products as a result of their greed , as I have done . Think for a moment before you press that buy button - the Source Natural product you are about to buy may well have an ingredient from a VERY un-natural source .
 I bought the Duro-Med 7921LCST-BG because of a back injury -- I need good back support in order to sit somewhat comfortably.This product is very disappointing . The material with which it is filled is of such a low density that it gives practically no support at all.If you need firm back support , I would look elsewhere -LRB- I do n't know of a good source yet -RRB- . If you do n't need such support , then I do n't know why you 'd have any interest in this product -- but I suppose there could be valid reasons that I ca n't imagine .
 I have used this product for years . This new formula is a big disappointment . I 'm estimating it takes about 30 % more of the new product to get the same taste as before . When I used my usual amount it was very bland tasting . Also when I add in the extra amount this new product has a `` chemical '' taste to it . Overall a big disappointment , maybe they will bring back the old formual .
 The new formula is not as good . You have to use more of the product to make it sweet and the new `` natural '' sweetener tastes like `` fake '' sugar . Not impressed . I wish they would go back to the other stuff . Now I have to find a new sports drink .
 Discasting smell ! Not a real Turbulences !! I am very dissatisfied by this product and sent it back to the seler .
 This ad is deceiving . Read it too fast and you 'll think your order is for 250 caps , but it 's for 100 only . This review is not on the product , just the advertisement .
 These tablets contain 31 mg Isoflavones each , not 1000 mg each . A glass of soy milk contains more isoflavones than two of these `` 1000 mg '' tablets . Judging by the size of these tablets -LRB- huge -RRB- , the stated content undoubtedly includes the filler , not the active ingredient which is a miniscule portion of these tablets . These would never pass FDA labeling requirements .
 I can not review or rate this product as I am unable to tell if it is effective or not . I take this at the suggestion of a physician whose opinion I respect , but he does n't really know if it is effective or not , either .
 I have used this product for years . This new formula is a big disappointment . I 'm estimating it takes about 30 % more of the new product to get the same taste as before . When I used my usual amount it was very bland tasting . Also when I add in the extra amount this new product has a `` chemical '' taste to it . Overall a big disappointment , maybe they will bring back the old formual .
 The new formula is not as good . You have to use more of the product to make it sweet and the new `` natural '' sweetener tastes like `` fake '' sugar . Not impressed . I wish they would go back to the other stuff . Now I have to find a new sports drink .
 I 've been bodybuilding for years and have tried many supplements ! I 'm always looking for the better supplement . In my opinion , anything in pill form , other than daily vitamins and prohormones , in usually much less potent then powder form . They are large , somewhat hard to swallow pills that stick together in the bottle . They even leave a funky after-taste in your mouth.there are many great products out there , 100 % better than this one !
 I have used this product for years . This new formula is a big disappointment . I 'm estimating it takes about 30 % more of the new product to get the same taste as before . When I used my usual amount it was very bland tasting . Also when I add in the extra amount this new product has a `` chemical '' taste to it . Overall a big disappointment , maybe they will bring back the old formual .
 The new formula is not as good . You have to use more of the product to make it sweet and the new `` natural '' sweetener tastes like `` fake '' sugar . Not impressed . I wish they would go back to the other stuff . Now I have to find a new sports drink .
 This product is uncomfortable and does not work effectively in a car even though I do not nearly approach the weight limits . Its pliwood base covered with a little foam made this tremendously uncomfortable and I would not rfecommend this product under any circumstances .
 I was hopeful that this would be a big help on all my chairs but did n't think about them being padded . When you sit down the seat sinks in the padding and then it wo n't turn . It is still very comfy to sit on but wo n't help me to turn easily .
 This pad may be ok for helping someone swivel to get out of a car but it is hard to sit on . More padding would help but probably make it to high.More of a nuisance than a help for me .
 I bought this for my dad who has a bad back thinking he could use it to turn and its horrible . Cheap quality , does n't swivel easily or smoothly my dad has cancer in his back and he ca n't . Use it because it does n't turn unless you place an enormous amount of effort . I ca n't even use it and I 'm healthy and in shape .
 Needed for my wife in our car . Really does not function well , sorry I ordered it .
 I ended up returning this item . It does swivel , but the round shape does not fit your bottom well while sitting in the car . It just plain was not comfortable .
 Using this cushon as a passenger is great . Using it as the driver is not what I expected . Since most cars have bucket-styled seats , the cushion slips from place . I 'm constantly readjusting it and when I find the right spot it only lasts until I get out of the car . The cushioning is minimal making it too hard for long trips .
 The swivel seat arrived on time , and is , for the most part , what the manufacturer has promised . I find it a little too hard to sit on , and to use it in the car , one has to be a rather short person or have a very tall car . I am apparently too tall , because it brings me up right under the roof of the car , which is not comfortable , plus there was no room for my knees under the steering wheel . I very recently had back surgery , so this was my main purpose for buing the seat , to make it easier to get in and out of the car . Now I use it on a dining room chair by the table .
 Wish I had not bought it . Hard and uncomfortable . There have to be better products out there . Do n't bother with this one .
 I have used this product for years . This new formula is a big disappointment . I 'm estimating it takes about 30 % more of the new product to get the same taste as before . When I used my usual amount it was very bland tasting . Also when I add in the extra amount this new product has a `` chemical '' taste to it . Overall a big disappointment , maybe they will bring back the old formual .
 The new formula is not as good . You have to use more of the product to make it sweet and the new `` natural '' sweetener tastes like `` fake '' sugar . Not impressed . I wish they would go back to the other stuff . Now I have to find a new sports drink .
 I bought this product expecting to get a bottle of 120 capsules , which was shown in the picture , but ended up with the 60 capsule bottle at the same price . The only reason I even bought this product was because the product picture showed the 120 capsule version.It 's a great product , I just do n't appreciate being ripped off .
 This is basically just an expensive folded handkerchief -- and one that looks very strange when you put it on too
 I have used this product for years . This new formula is a big disappointment . I 'm estimating it takes about 30 % more of the new product to get the same taste as before . When I used my usual amount it was very bland tasting . Also when I add in the extra amount this new product has a `` chemical '' taste to it . Overall a big disappointment , maybe they will bring back the old formual .
 The new formula is not as good . You have to use more of the product to make it sweet and the new `` natural '' sweetener tastes like `` fake '' sugar . Not impressed . I wish they would go back to the other stuff . Now I have to find a new sports drink .
 I have used this product for years . This new formula is a big disappointment . I 'm estimating it takes about 30 % more of the new product to get the same taste as before . When I used my usual amount it was very bland tasting . Also when I add in the extra amount this new product has a `` chemical '' taste to it . Overall a big disappointment , maybe they will bring back the old formual .
 The new formula is not as good . You have to use more of the product to make it sweet and the new `` natural '' sweetener tastes like `` fake '' sugar . Not impressed . I wish they would go back to the other stuff . Now I have to find a new sports drink .
 I started out using the Nature 's Way Reishi Mushroom and decided since I take 6 per day that I would try to get a cheaper brand that had a larger quantity . Problems started right away though , my skin started breaking out within the first 3-4 days of switching to this brand , and I felt pretty nauseous . I gave it a month on these and now I am back to the Nature 's Way . Maybe it was the blend of mushrooms in this one that made me feel ill , but it definitely was a poor experience compared to the others that I started with . Would definitely recommend Nature 's Way with 10 % Polysaccharides . They have helped my skin , hair , and joints to feel better . I am 39 years old with early arthritis symptoms and I also have severe adult onset acne . The acne is almost gone since I 've been taking Reishi for 2 months now . and my general well-being has improved greatly .
 I am 30 years old and I recently started having sweating problems . I have never really had this problem before so I was very disappointed to see sweat patches on my shirt under my arm . I wanted some help without prescription so I started shopping around and ended up with SECRET clinical strength in my shopping cart . It sounds good does n't it ?? Well I started to use the product -LRB- I gave it 2 whole weeks . . -RRB- and it is just useless and does not help at all . I wanted solution for my problem so I started checking the active ingredients in products and found out that SECRET clinical strenght is absolutely NO DIFFERENT from any other secret and other regular deodorants . It just have 3 % more of aluminium zirconium triclorohydrex in it !! So do n't fall for the false advertisement it is nothing special , just a regular deodorant that works for those who have no sweating problem !!
 I finally recieved my sample of Secret Clinical Strength in the mail the other day and gave it a test drive . I 've had bad sweating problems for as long as I can remember , and nothing 's worked . I can add this deodorant to this list . It reduced my sweating a little . but the wet patches were still there . The active ingredient in SCS is only 1 % more than the Ban I was using . Save your money .
 I was very disaapointed . I play tennis and depend on my deodarant to work . I tried this for 2 weeks , bought it from an amazon seller and the product did not work at all . I was stinky even when not playing tennis . I would not recommend this product to anyone . It 's claims are false . The seller was not able to give refunds for disposable products such as deodarant which I can understand . But I feel like I wasted money.Secret Clinical Strength Anti-Perspirant/Deodorant , Light & Fresh Scent - 1.6 oz
 I 'm a 15 year old female , and I 've been sweating excessively for about two years now . When I first started to notice my problem , I figured it was the just the brand of deodorant - so I tried another , and another , and another , and nothing worked . I 'm tall and thin , and I like to wear clothes that are more form-fitting , because the only regular loose T-shirts that fit lengthwise are extremely baggy , and I do n't like how I look in them - but because of my sweating , I have to wear either the baggier shirts , or sweatshirts and sweaters . It 's extremely embarrassing , especially as a teenager in high school - I mean , there 's wet stains under your arms , and it 's gross , so I keep my arms are practically glued to my side . I finally found this Secret Clinical Strength , and I tried it - the first few days , it worked a little better than my other deodorants , but form then on , it just quit working . It did n't help me anymore than the `` regular strengths . '' And to top it off , after about a half hour , the `` light and fresh scent '' seems to disappear and I 'm stuck with the odor of sweat . It 's really gross.In my bathroom I have all of the old deodorants that I 've tried , just in case I decide to try them again . There 's a LOT , and now I 'm off to add Secret Clinical Strength to that growing pile .
 So , unless you were looking for a great smelling deoderant ... do n't waste your time : - o -LRB- The reviewer from I think May 11th said she was a sweater all her life , sweats in the winter , yadah , yadah !! Well , that 's me . So , of course I just knew secret was going to deliver what they claim . Any deoderant will work for someone who sweats at a small level , but you really have to get the ACTIVE ingredients working for those who really sweat . For instance , I 'm in my office , the air is on and I can tell the external temperature of the room is very cool . I touch my skin and my skin is cool , however , those of us that have active sweat glands just sweat regardless of the temperature.The commercial made claims that this product just can not back up ! You WILL STILL SWEAT.Like another reviewer stated , if certain dri could modify the ingredients so you dont break out and the ingredients sting your underarm to high heavens ... they would be a billion dollar company : - o -RRB- People are really looking for a topical product to avoid surgery to stop the problem sweating.Save your money ladies ... Secret just aint it !!
 Do n't even bother if you 're a sweater looking for relief . This product does not work -LRB- period -RRB- ! There is no difference in this and regular antipersperant besides the price.Get Certain-Dri , that works !
 I was excited to try this product but after giving it a good go that excitement turned into disappointment . I do n't recommend this product if you 're looking for something to stop the excess sweating . The first time I used it I applied the night before to no avail . On subsequent tries I applied the night before and again in the morning . Save your money it does n't work !
 way too high for the price of this product , will not order this way again . Does ' t have any benefit to order this way .
 This cane arrived quickly and was packaged carefully.The pros
 Hole formed after less than a week of use . . Exterior fabric is not suitable and should be refined or cease sales !! Highly disappointed after beginning to like this item only to have the fabric form holes , spilling out the contents after just a few days of use . It 's a shame these items are n't reviewed more by actual consumer product officials . Will never buy this brand product unless the materials are updated and warrantied .
 Hi FolksOthers may have liked this pad , but compared to the one my sister in-law sent me from Australia , it is n't very good . It holds the heat about 1/4 of the time the Oz pad does . Now to find out where the sister got it from and start selling them in the USA!Cheers
 I wanted a replacement while my Thermophore was being repaired , but this is n't even close . Did n't get hot enough or retain the heat long enough - not much moisture , either . Better than nothing , but I would n't buy it again .
 The thermalon heat pad takes too long -LRB- three minutes -RRB- to heat up and then cools down too quickly
 Very bad . Looses heat in 5 mins Waste of moneyBAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD
 I have been using this for only a week . I use it a few times a day . I put it in my microwave as instructed , but I have to to it for another minute to get it hot . Just now I put it in and when I took it out all the beads fell out all over my kitchen . I noticed a hole , so the oven must have made that . What a waste , and I have another one too , I will use it the same and watch for a hole . But I 'd suggest not buying this .
 Do n't buy this ! I bought it for my daughter , who got to use it * twice * before it burst , sending those little beads everywhere . I ca n't send it back because I do n't have the original packaging or sales invoice , but I thought I 'd at least warn others not to waste their money .
 Just purchased and the case got damaged by microwaving as per manufacturer instructions . Case melted and two holes formed . All the beads spilled out all over the entire kitchen ... what a waste and a hazard .
 EVEN WHEN MICROWAVING AS PER INSTRUCTIONS , THE HEAT PACK EVENTUALLY SPLIT OPEN , SPILLING ITS CONTENTS . HAVING USED OTHER SIMILAR PRODUCTS THAT PERFORMED WELL , I WOULD ADVISE AGAINST BUYING THIS PARTICULAR ITEM .
 Be very careful while heating this in the microwave . I bought this for my Mom for Christmas and she has already had to sew several spots that &#34; burned &#34; holes while being heated up . It says to make sure no bends or creases while heating , but even just a little will cause burns in the fabric .
 I had to return this product . It leaked after about 4 or 5 uses . Do n't waste your time and effort .
 Product not properly manufacured . Did not have holes drilled into supports arms so you could assemble it . I would avoid products from Duro medical .
 The first one arrived broken and the company did replace it butas this was for an ailing relative I had to buy one locally fromthe medical supply store for a LOT more than this one cost.I did have a chance to look this one over before I sent it back.It 's smaller than I thought and is suitable for a meal or magazines.It is not like the industral strength ones at the medical supply storethat supplies the local hospital.That said it does n't cost anywhere near as much either .
 I like the table but there were no casters or instructions with it . I had to buy some casters and figure out how to put it together .
 Ok , so , the taste and smell is very strong . When you are felling sick at first , this smell really want to make you gag . My girlfriend got a bad stomach flu that resulted in it coming out both ends . I knew it was only a matter of time for me . I went ahead and started this product ... no suck luck . I started having the double ended action too . I actually kept that up until I dehydrated my way into the hospital . Maybe that bug was just too much for it . She took nothing and got off better than I did .
 I bougth these with some expectations to dodge a cold . My two kids need a healthy mom to care for them when they are sick . However , I 'm sick with a cold now and had another one last week . I take the recommended dose and I 'm a healthy eater . SO ? I guess my colds were too hard for this to work.They also repeat on me something awful for a hour after taking them . Burping this is not pleasant . I will stick to tylenol and get back to work .
 I have been taking these for almost a year - they are amazing . At the first sign of getting sick , follow the directions , I would take more than 1 etc. . I would swallow them with a bite of food to get around the taste . They worked 100 % of the time.I bought them at GNC . My GNC is out of them . I went on-line , ordered them , and much to my delight saved 50 % . Yea . I took 1 today and got so dizzy and sick and nausious . Ugh . Why would I order something on-line and swallow it ???? I do not recommend buying this on-line .
 Bought this product based entirely on the rave reviews . I have 2 toddlers and I need to keep myself healthy when they are sick . Well , I take it daily and overall eat well . However , I have a cold right now and had one last week . So much for that.The pills also produce some serious `` repeating '' on me . I burp up the flavor for a while after taking a dose . That is not good , the flavor is pretty bad.I mean I made it through horse pill size prenatals vitamins !!! I will not be buying these again . I 'll stick with tylenol for a cold .
 I am still hopeful regarding this product despite my poor experience . I want this stuff to work and hope to come back and edit my review at some point . My colleague was so vehement in swearing by this stuff , with several examples of others she knows that it works great for , that I went online and bought 2 of the biggest bottles of 180 tabs and 2 of the largest bottles of the alcohol-free tincture -LRB- for my 3 year old -RRB- to keep us healthy against those nasty pre-school germs . He recently started preschool and it 's been the typical runny noses & colds plaguing everyone in our home relentlessly since then . Probably a coincidence , but the week I got the stuff and began taking it , I felt a flu coming on , so I did the triple dose every 3 hrs as suggested and ended up getting one of the worst flus I 've had in 15 years despite nearly going through 90 tabs ! I 've had several colds since then , and each time I try to thwart it at the `` first signs of imbalance '' as the bottle says , by taking 3 tabs every 3 hrs , and each time I still get sick . WTF ??? My husband actually makes fun of me now because taking Wellness Formula is such a joke , I 'm always getting sick regardless ! And yes , the tabs are so big and stinky they make me gag , but if the stuff worked , I would n't care . I am just so disappointed with this stuff -LRB- or with my immune system vs. preschool -RRB- , bah !
 the one thing I hate is ordering something and waiting for 2 weeks and have to back track and check to see why it 's not here . This company does n't have the common deccentcy to send an email that it IS N'T IN STOCK ... POOR SERVICE . . WO N'T BE BACK .
 Had a virus . Tried everything to help get over it ... . Dont know if this helped or not . I was down at least 14 days ... . ugh !
 I ordered 240 tablets and received 240 capsules . you have to take twice as many capsules as tablets which means my product cost twice as much as expected . very misleading image and labels in the order form .
 The Wellness Formula pills really help you from getting a cold if you start them as soon as you feel a cold coming on .
 We bought the 90 tablet pill version -LRB- these are solid pills -RRB- from a GNC and they worked well . They do smell a bit and where somewhat hard to swallow , but we started using them at any sign of a cold . We never had any side effects . Recently , we bought the 240 capsule size -LRB- these are made with a soft gell capsule -RRB- via AMAZON as the savings vs the pills was almost 50 % . My wife and I both experienced abdominal pains after taking these capsules . We tested this several times and each time we had the same low grade abdominal pain . It was almost as if your inards where inflammed . It wouldnt last very long , but it was obviously from the gell capsules . We bought the 90 tablet pills again from GNC and did not have any problems with the product.I am not sure why we would have pains from the capsule vs the pills for the same product , but these are my recommendations .1 -RRB- Make sure the reseller is an authorized reseller for Source Naturals . They list the vendors on their web site -LSB- ... -RSB- This will prevent any , potentially dangerous , knock offs getting in your hands .2 -RRB- Before you buy , ask for the shelf life of the product you receive . We bought the 240 capsules and the shelf life was only a few months . If you buy the pills from a store , you can see the expiry date is much longer .3 -RRB- Buy the pills vs the capsules . They may smell and may be harder to swallow , but I believe they are better for you . The counter argument may be they dont break down as fast , but capsules can spoil faster than solid pills and could also be more easily tampered with .4 -RRB- If you encounter any pains . STOP taking this product and see your doctor . Dont forget to take the tablets with you for your check up . Wellness Products should not cause any pains or discomfort.Be well.Sincerely , Andreas
 In October 2010 I purchased Source Naturals L-Tryptophan . It was recommended to help me with light insomnia . One hour after taking only two 500mg capsules I became desperately ill and my health has continued to decline to this day to the point I am now housebound and can not stand for more than a few minutes due to terrible pain . My experiences led me to write two books about what had happened , the horrors myself and my young family have had to endure because I took only two Source Naturals L-Tryptophan capsules . Before and after writing the books my research turned up some very alarming information about this so called `` natural '' company . They produced L-Tryptophan in the 1980s which caused the disease I have now to endure , EMS , or Eosinophilia Myalgia Syndrome . They were litigated to be held accountable to the victims killed or disabled for life . Tryptophan was then banned for a period of more than a decade . And now ? Source `` naturals '' think it acceptable to buy their Tryptophan from China , where it is usually made from duck feathers , -LRB- diseased or not -RRB- . They do not tell you this on the label , the label on the bottle states `` made in the USA '' which is a lie . The Tryptophan is imported from China and merely put into capsules in the USA , then sold to an ignorant public . Legally it is a disgrace , although they are permitted to act in this manner by current legislation . So why should you care ? Why should you stop buying Source Naturals ? For one reason . They are a firm which does NOT have the consumers interests at heart . They are interested mainly in profit , as there are sources of ethically produced Tryptophan around -LRB- plenty of them -RRB- , but Source Naturals consider it more profitable to buy in bulk from the one country we have all heard so many horror stories about when it comes to foods and supplementation - China . If you wish to keep buying Source Naturals products I wish you well , and I hope and pray that you do not contract a horrible disease from their products as a result of their greed , as I have done . Think for a moment before you press that buy button - the Source Natural product you are about to buy may well have an ingredient from a VERY un-natural source .
 These pills are massive and they smell so bad that I could not continue taking them . They taste horrible and the taste lingers for a while ... its totall gross ... i would reccomend Source Naturals Herbal Resistance Liquid -LRB- Alcohol Free Formula -RRB- as an alternative . It works amazingly and basically you 'll never be sick again ! and it tastes much much better and is much easier to take !!!
 This bag got a hole a few months after I purchased it -LRB- mainly as a hot water bottle for my back -RRB- . Go with another model .
 Bought this to use as an ice pack to sit on -LRB- hamstring injury -RRB- while on a long plane flight . Worked ok until I realized it was leaking around the seal of the cap . So , it 's not strong enough to sit on .
 WAISTED MY MONEY , THEY NEVER GAVE ME MY ITEM AND THEY WO N'T RESPOND TO MY MESSAGES !!!! TERRIBLE !!!!!!!!!!!! AND PISSED OFF !!!!!!!
 I was so disappointed that I donated it to charity after a week . It stunk and did n't make a dent of any kind with my hand pain . It 's a BenGay wan na be that does n't smell nearly as good . The vendor refunded my money less the shipping so I ca n't complain too much except to say this product should n't even be on the market as it gives false hope . Buyer beware . I use Activon with great results now .
 this product is just the same as any other cream on the market for arthritis ... . none of them work ... . you have to use them too many times a day and they still do n't do anything for you ... . i find that this product is no better ...
 The preservative in this stuff is real strong and makes it taste like cough syrup - or , if not cough syrup , something as equally unpleasant and familiar from back in the days i used to take pharmaceuticals -LRB- childhood -RRB- . i wonder what could happen to gold without it - would it spoil ? hm.i like their colloidal silver , that 's got no preservatives .
 About the only reason for purchasing the DVD is if there is someone for whom you are ordering this who does n't have a computer . For the rest of us , just go to YouTube and search for Sinucleanse . you will see a number of demo 's on how to use this product.I 'm not giving this DVD a low rating for it 's quality . There is n't much material but there 's not that much to using the product either . The reaon for the one-star is value . You can get the same informaiton -LRB- and more -RRB- on line , for free .
 The CD arrived a week or so after the Sinucleanse neti pot and saline packets I 'd ordered . So , before it arrived , I found a demo video online for another brand of neti pot and I learned how to use one correctly . When the CD came , I looked at it to see if I 'd missed anything important . The CD did include background information about the location of the sinuses and how the sinus rinse worked on them , in addition to a demo of the neti pot use . The CD was informational and interesting , but not necessary . Save your money and watch a demo video at no-cost online ; plus you wo n't have to wait for the item to be shipped .
 So I bought this product with the recommendation of my acupuncturist after she said I may have parasites due to a rash on my arm and travelling extensively etc. . I really did n't think I had parasites but after I realized my random abdominal pains and bloating were not only related to me being lactose intolerant -LRB- they would occur when I did not have any lactose foods -RRB- I figured why not try this out.Within days I started to notice a fundamental difference in my abdomen , Not only were my bloating episodes gone but I also felt like I was digesting food better and more efficiently . I have a pretty fats metabolism as I am quite athletic and luckily the product did not have me lose more than a pound of weight . Here comes the bad part.I started to dream every night after the fourth and fifth day of taking the product and found it really strange since i was n't stressed or going through any major life changes . The sixth and seventh night , after several not so good nights of sleep , i experienced vivid nightmares and the one on the seventh night had me wake up for hours as i tried to convince myself aliens were not on my patio trying to get in . Sounds crazy , and it was.I did some research and few people also had the same experiences and realized it was the wormwood present in the product . Although it is a very small amount , people like myself who react even to allergy medicine -LRB- depression -RRB- need to be careful when taking such a product.If you are sensitive to medicines , meaning you are one of those people that get those random reactions listed on the `` side effects '' label , then just stop taking paragone if you notice any strangeness . Im disappointed I could not even get halfway through the product , but I am glad I stopped !
 I guess it does the job but taking this stuff was like a pure form of torture . Basically a witch doctor of sorts told us we had a parasite and we should get this . So we took it for a couple weeks as directed , maybe a month , ca n't remember . It did the job . We definitely went to the bathroom , but when I went to my chiro , he tested me and said I did n't have one ... SO , make sure you need this before taking it . It 's not worth gagging 3 times a day .
 The price was good , but considering the packaging , will not buy glass supplements over the internet . Figure it would be a great hassle to get it replaced . Complained , did receive an email they would replace it , but they did not have it in stock . That was over three weeks ago , still no product , very poooor packaging , cap broke , apparently they knew it as they placed it in a zip lock bag and the liquid caused damaged label on bottle . Concerned about sterility of product as one has to ingest it . Beware with glass product folks what you save you might lose in loss of product and time lost trying to correct it . Vendor did contact me via email as I did complain , said they would replace but were out of stock , three to four weeks later , still no product or update from vendor , and now Amazon asked me for a review . Do n't they follow up on their vendor problems ? I like Amazon but know I am leary about their standards with vendors in aspects such as packaging and follow up .
 I do n't notice any difference in feeling this or that after being on this product for a year or more . Think I 'm gon na drop it from my supplements .
 all these vitamins and mineral supplements and NO ingredient list ... i 'm suppose to eat something not knowing whats in it ? pay a lot of money not knowing what i 'm buying ...
 We received the lamp magnifier combo , however the lamp itself failed to fuction , and the magnifier did not work satisfactorily for my Mother-in-law , , , , , , it was to be a Christmas gift for her . We are returning it .
 EVERYBODY else sells this for $ 2 - $ 3 . Who are you kidding !
 I ca n't say how well these work , because it was a struggle to eat these 3 horse pills 2x a day . I am not a wussie either , I regularly eat a handful of pills in one swallow , but these are not only HUGE but the coating is bad . They will stick in your throat and no amount of water will get them down . That is taking them one at a time ! They need to come up with a powder form or capsules . These tablets do not cut it and if you have problems swallowing pills , you will never be able to swallow these .
 This did not work on me at all . The pills are too big , you have to take 3 at a time , and it has too many other things like vitamins , herbs , and fillers -LRB- which upset my stomach -RRB- and not enough MSM . I just started taking `` Natrol MSM 500mg '' and `` Natrol Vegetarian Hyaluronic Acid MSM and Glucosamine 2 pack '' sold by Amazon which seems to work better for fibro issues . I like taking my vitamins in a liquid form -LRB- I take Isotonix Multivitamin with iron -RRB- so taking vitamins separately from the other supplements works better for me . I am about to order some malic acid supplements so I hope with the malic acid , MSM , glucosamine , and hyaluronic acid supplements , the joint pain will drastically decrease .
 I ca n't state to the effectiveness of the product , but I can say the pills are gigantic . I 'm not someone who 's a casual supplement taker , I 've taken some pretty large pills before , but these ... well , they 're huge . I managed to get two down , with a ton of water , gagging and near choking . I tried to cut them in half , but they were still too thick and became lodged in my throat . A really uncomfortable feeling and it took forever to get them down . I ended up throwing them out because there is no way I am going through that on a daily basis . Hats off to you if you can down them .
 I bought this product hoping for the same results as others with positive reviews , I am willing to try anything to defeat Fibromyalgia . Been taking it for a few weeks now and notice nothing a whole lot different . I think the placebo effect plays a huge role in how this may help you , if you expect it to work miracles , than hey , it just might . It may help others differently , but do n't expect this vitamin to be a `` cure '' for your Fibromyalgia . But hopefully it can bring relief to others better than it did for myself .
 After all the great reviews , I had such high hopes for this supplement . However , it is not for me . 20 minutes after taking it , my entire body started to itch terribly , which is apparently an allergic reaction to the malic acid . I called my allergist to ask if I could take a smaller dose and perhaps desensitize myself to it over time , but she advised me to avoid it completely , that I might risk a more severe reaction next time . So the bottle goes in the garbage.What a disappointment !
 I used this and my skin looked worse afterward . I thought it was just a short episode of the `` uglies '' , but my skin only worsened with continued use . I think that the alpha lipoic acid activates skin remodeling , but in some people , the skin does n't build more collagen . Please beware !
 This product stung my skin after each application causing my skin to turn bright pink . Additionally , my skin would itch off and on for a couple of hours after an application of this product on the area it was applied . Needless to say , I 've quit using this product and will never use it again.The fragrance in this product is really strong . I was actually surprised by the smell of this product as most products made for sensitive skin are devoid of any sort of fragrance as a way to reduce skin irritation .
 Seems like other reviewers were mostly positive , but after using this product for about a week , my skin started getting dry and crusty . It may be that if I stick with it , this phase will pass , but right now I 'm not happy . I 've quite using it for now because I have some photographs next week and I do n't want to look dryer than usual . I started with dry skin , and now my wrinkles look deeper . The smell , however , I found to be quite pleasant and fruity !
 this stuff burns my eyes ! I have used it for a few weeks and I was so happy with how my skin looks I did n't realize that this is why my eyes were burning every morning . I am careful not to get it in my eyes , but when I wake up it almost feels like pink-eye -LRB- but it 's not -RRB- . I 'm fine once I put my contacts in , and I 'm fine when I do n't use the lotion , but if I try to go back to it , my eyes burn . The smell is strong but not too bad , and my skin is smoother -LRB- not tight , but fresh feeling -RRB- , but I ca n't imagine this is good for my eyes so I 'll need to stop .
 Ifind this to be effective when first applied , it is temporary.I find the Dr. Oz show tried to make you believe it would do a lot more than it does.Maybe if you started to use it at a young age -LRB- 35 -RRB- or so it might help . It 's a temporary fix.I 'm disappointed .
 I used the cream on face & neck for about a week when my face got bumps all over it . I stopped using on my face & just use it on my neck & hands . So far my neck & hands are breakout free . I 'll try to update in a month or so to see what happens . I guess you could say this stuff makes you look young like a teenager ... . w / acne . Bummer . : -LRB-
 I used this Thursday night with no efffects . . Used Friday night . . woke up Sat morning with a rash on my forehead , temples and neck . . Hopefully it wo n't spread to the rest of my face or my chest ... I have NEVER had a reaction like this to any kind of skin care cream . . I have never had any kind of a reaction before . . It smelled good and I loved the way it felt when I put it on ... but it 's going in the trash !!
 I am 50-years old with a `` normal '' skin type . Finding Lipoic acid , DMAE , C-Ester and CoQ10 in one affordable face product seemed like a dream come true and I eagerly awaited receipt of this product.I was quite surprised upon opening the jar to see what looked like a rather heavy product ... like a paste or peanut butter . But you never know until you try it , right ? So I went ahead and used it.The scent seemed to me like a tanning lotion ... not `` coconut '' but like many tanning lotion scents I 'm familiar with from my tanning bed days . Fortunately the scent either fades quickly or I just got used to it fast because I could n't notice it about half hour later.Well - I went on about my business for a few hours or so and when I returned to the bathroom I looked in the mirror and noticed my pores look very large ! 4-5 hours later I noticed I was beginning to break out.Based on my own experience with this one use , I would NOT recommend this product .
 I wanted to love this cream ! The smell is way to strong and I do n't remember the last time I used a face cream that I could actually taste also , Ew ! Ive been using it awhile -LRB- over a month -RRB- and I do n't see any huge improvements . I do n't want to waste it and throw it out but I really do n't want to put this on my skin anymore . It 's a little burny too and sometimes makes my eyes water and I can smell and feel my tears taking this stuff off my face . This cream has pushed me to the end of the line with store bought products and I 'm finally just going to have to break down and make my own from scratch with natural oils , beeswax , etc.UPDATE
 Got this product , looking for a cheaper alternative to Perricone 's version . After about 3 days of using it , my face is raw , red and swollen.Feels like a bad sunburn . My neck has a rash and was itching like crazy.Too bad , cause I did like the consistancy and smell of the product.But , taking it back to where I got it . I advise trying to find it locally and sampling it first to see if your skin likes it . Currently , my skinis very pissed off and taking it all out on me !
 Even if this product worked I just could n't get past the smell long enough to know for sure . I 'm going to try it on my hands next just to see if it works but I sure ca n't recommend this product if you want to use it anywhere near your nose .
 My husband ca n't abide the smell so after 3 nights I 've stopped using it . ` Fresh kiwi scent ' is definitely an inappropriate descriptor because if kiwis smelled like this most people would n't eat them .
 The chemical odor of this stuff is very strong . From the first night I used this cream , I was taken aback at just how overpowering the smell was . It smelled like something I should n't be putting on my body skin , let alone on my face . It felt sort of tingly , but it did n't burn or turn my skin red , and I figured I paid a lot for it , so I used it anyway . After a couple weeks , it seemed to smell kind of like pina colada , which I grew to like after adapting to the strength of it . But after 2 months of use , it smells like the fragrance added to it has long surpassed its expiration date , and it has officially become a boyfriend repellant.Although my eye cream ca n't penetrate this product -LRB- I mistakenly put my eye cream on after the face cream one night -RRB- , and that probably shows that the face cream helps your skin retain moisture -LRB- moisturizer ca n't get in , so maybe moisture ca n't get out , either -RRB- , I still have n't seen any significant results that are any better than what most any drug store cream I 've tried can provide . Wo n't be ordering this again !
 Middle section of bulb part comes apart within 2 months of usage -LRB- I ordered 2 of these items & both came apart within the same time frame . Do NOT buy this product - comes from China , another inferior product .
 This toilet bowl set is cheap . The housing is very lighweight and flimsy and will hardly stand upright with the brush in it , especially when you go to put the brush in it a close the stand . The part that opens easily becomes unhooked from the main housing and separates . It has a very small area to catch the dripping water from the brush and air will not dry the area and the brush good after useing . The brush is better , but not by much .
 I have been battling with coccyx pain for several months and needed a cushion that would support me while suspending my tailbone above the seat . This cushion was no help at all , because the foam was so squishy that it completely flattened out the instant I tried to sit on it . My tailbone was subjected to the same issues of compression and pain that I have with no cushion at all . In fact , it actually made the problem worse , because the foam in this cushion has so little substance that it crawled around underneath me and bunched up under my bottom , creating a large , uncomfortable lump right at the site of the pain ! I desperately needed a cushion made of dense , firm , high quality foam , and this is simply not up to that standard . I returned it immediately.The fortunate thing is that the seller was easy to deal with , and was both cheerful and prompt with my refund . THEY EVEN REFUNDED MY RETURN SHIPPING ! So , even though I can not recommend this specific product , I would not hesitate to recommend the seller for anything else they are marketing on Amazon.I am sorry that I can not give anyting better than one star to this cushion , but it really was worse than nothing for my particular problem . I am just glad that Amazon gives me the chance to review the seller 's actions in a seperate forum . I was happy to give Cosmetic Solutions the highest rating possible !
 Not sure what all the hype is about with Joey New York ???? Purchased 2 products and have been completely disappointed with both . They promise to give temporary help to those of us that are wrinkle ridden and certainly do not deliver . The only thing I can say to the defense of this product is that it does make your skin feel soft but do n't even attempt to use it prior to your foundation . All it will do is make your foundation ball up and roll right off . Save your Money for your next Botox Session !!!
 This product is way overpriced for the size it is , , , , beware the picture is very deceiving , , , the whole thing actually fits into a box that is 10 `` x15 `` x15 '' much smaller than expected , , ,
 It is my own fault . Nothing with the product , but now using this , I have a tracking worksheet that does the same thing . So as long as you remember daily to update your worksheet , you can use that instead of buying this - an Excel spreadsheet is free . I was a little surprised with how large it is as well . I would n't buy this again only because I did n't think it through before I bought it , but another consumer might like it .
 In all honesty , do n't spend the money to buy this ... make it yourself or just simply be diligent to keep track of your period cycle on a calendar .
 My wife wanted to use this method because she was tired of the side effects of other birth control methods . We were amazed at how the cyclebeads website claims that it is 95 % effective . Well , we should have known it was too good to be true . Three months after using this product , being VERY mindful to use it correctly , she became pregnant . DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT IF YOU 'RE TRYING NOT TO GET PREGNANT ! It 's a waste -LRB- although I 'm very thankful for the son we have now ! -RRB- .
 This product is a total waste -- I found out the hard way.Last April , my doctor suggested that I be taken off my daily birth control pill because of a family history of blood clotting . I had been on the pill for about five years without incident , but I took his advice . After looking for a new method of birth control , I found that an IUD would be the best option for me . I had it implanted -LRB- a painful experience -RRB- , but because I 've never had children and , thus , have a small uterus , the IUD came out -LRB- an even more painful experience -RRB- . This was all becoming quite an ordeal . So when someone told me about these cycle beads , I thought that they would be a good , natural alternative to birth control . I did the research , and once I received them I spend the first month still having protected sex with my partner so that I could make sure that I was comfortable using them . Also , I wanted to be sure that my cycle fell within the 26-32 day time period . When everything worked out that first month , I went ahead and began relying solely on them . Still , I had no unprotected sex between days 8 and 19 . Now here I am one month later ... pregnant.The cycle beads website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- claims that they are 95 % effective . They website claims , `` That means that , out of 100 women using the method for 1 year , fewer than 5 of them would get pregnant if they used the method correctly . '' I find that incredibly hard to believe . I used them as directed and was still pregnant within a month.Take my advice
 This is a useless product , i used it as instructed plus used ovulation test kit when in doubt and managed to get pregnant within 3 months when i was trying to avoid pregnancy.This is no good !
 it 's a good idea and worked for us , but as others noted it 's a very manual , and thus error prone , way to track this . my wife now uses an iphone app which is much easier to use and is also far less expensive.i recommend skipping this product and getting something digital to do this for you which will automatically track your fertility , estimate your next fertility , etc. if you have an iphone i recommend `` ova '' which is the app my wife uses . It is easy to use and has great fertility tracking and extra features .
 I ca n't believe people STILL believe that women 's cycles are all 28 days . I 'm a perfectly healthy woman with a cycle of 32 days . I have a friend who 's cycle is 25 days . We 're all different!If you want to REALLY learn about your fertility and menstrual cycles , read a freakin ' book . I recommend `` Taking Charge of Your Fertility . '' It 's well written and teaches women how to really know their cycles and stop relying on junk like this and doctor 's who still use a 28 day cycle chart to determine conception dates and due dates.It 's 2010 people . Learn about your bodies and stop being so gullible !
 This is very effective , the only thing is . . you have to use protection on almost every day of the month . . so while it is very effective it totally defeats the whole purpose -LRB- alternate form of birth control -RRB- . Not that it is n't nice to have unprotected sex three times a month but I 'm just saying . .
 This is a horrible product that is based on pure ignorance of a woman 's body . Women 's cycles are NOT all the same and these beads assume they are . Never mind the fact that stress can delay ovulation for any woman and once again render these beads useless ! I personally ovulate on day 21 , so if I was using these beads for birth control , I 'd easily become pregnant . If I were using them to find my fertile times to achieve pregnancy , I 'd fail . It is incredibly rare that any woman has a perfect , textbook , 28 day cycle with exactly the same fertile times as any other woman . The only thing these beads are good for is a cheap and tacky bracelet !
 I was only able to try very small amount of this cream as the jar arrived broken . Better packaging might have helped or a plastic rather than glass jar .
 In my mid-fifties I developed an allergy to 14 and 18 carate gold . Now it 's a few years later and I ca n't use many sunblocks because of the chemicals that deflect the sun 's rays . My derm . recommended using a zinc oxide base and it 's great . Well it now appears that I also have a problem with something in Source Naturals Skin Eternal . While my issue does n't negatively reflect on the product I thought someone might benefit from my experience .
 I bought 2 jars of this cream after reading about the benefits of DMAE . I am in my mid-50s with a no problem skin . My husband and I tried it and both of us broke into ugly red pimples . My 25 year old daughter tried it and broke into a rash with big pimples . What could be the reason that 3 people with different types of skins all had breakouts and skin eruptions . I would like to return these jars , it was a big waste of money and now I have to get something to treat the pimples .
 I had high hopes for this stuff , but I was allergic . I guess I had no way of knowing until I tried it , I do n't have sensitive skin . I had nasty hives and swelling on my face and neck for a full week . More power to everyone else though that says it works for them .
 In October 2010 I purchased Source Naturals L-Tryptophan . It was recommended to help me with light insomnia . One hour after taking only two 500mg capsules I became desperately ill and my health has continued to decline to this day to the point I am now housebound and can not stand for more than a few minutes due to terrible pain . My experiences led me to write two books about what had happened , the horrors myself and my young family have had to endure because I took only two Source Naturals L-Tryptophan capsules . Before and after writing the books my research turned up some very alarming information about this so called `` natural '' company . They produced L-Tryptophan in the 1980s which caused the disease I have now to endure , EMS , or Eosinophilia Myalgia Syndrome . They were litigated to be held accountable to the victims killed or disabled for life . Tryptophan was then banned for a period of more than a decade . And now ? Source `` naturals '' think it acceptable to buy their Tryptophan from China , where it is usually made from duck feathers , -LRB- diseased or not -RRB- . They do not tell you this on the label , the label on the bottle states `` made in the USA '' which is a lie . The Tryptophan is imported from China and merely put into capsules in the USA , then sold to an ignorant public . Legally it is a disgrace , although they are permitted to act in this manner by current legislation . So why should you care ? Why should you stop buying Source Naturals ? For one reason . They are a firm which does NOT have the consumers interests at heart . They are interested mainly in profit , as there are sources of ethically produced Tryptophan around -LRB- plenty of them -RRB- , but Source Naturals consider it more profitable to buy in bulk from the one country we have all heard so many horror stories about when it comes to foods and supplementation - China . If you wish to keep buying Source Naturals products I wish you well , and I hope and pray that you do not contract a horrible disease from their products as a result of their greed , as I have done . Think for a moment before you press that buy button - the Source Natural product you are about to buy may well have an ingredient from a VERY un-natural source .
 I was anxious to get my jar of DMAE Cream , after reading so much about it . Unfortunately , I was not able to tolerate the stuff . I put some on my face prior to leaving for my hair appointment , and I was quite ill from it by the time I arrived . My stylist had to get me a wet towel so that I could wash it off . I 'm not sure whether it was the obnoxious smell of it or if it contained some ingredient to which I 'm allergic , but I will never risk using it again .
 Not what I was expecting at all and really I do n't think it helps my skin any . Just a cream nothing amazing .
 I 've only used this product a few times , since it smells like urine once applied . Unless the manufacturer changes the smell Customers wo n't know if it 's worth the money , or not . I would not recommend the purchase .
 I had an alergic reaction to this product . I 've used all kinds of face creams with no problem . Heard about DMAE on Dr. Oz so I decided to try it . Purchased this and tried it before I went to bed . My neck and face turned bright red , puffy and extremely itchy . My skin dried out and became flakey . It took almost 2 weeks to get my skin to feel normal again . I emailed the company but they never responded . I am now using it as a hand cream .
 When I first used it , I thought the greasyness would disappear , but it did not , and I added and my makeup and it balled up , do n't know if this would work , I have stopped using it , and I even used less rubbed more , no way , could this enter your skin .
 I 'm 30 years-old and have been using this product for about a month . I have n't noticed any change in my completion at all so far and am not sure how effective this product really is .
 I gave this product 30 days . It has a nice fragrance and feels good . However , I see no visible difference from other creams of this type that I have used over the years . Also , it advertised `` high levels of DMAE '' . Would like to know exactly where in the list of ingredients DMAE falls ?????
 I purchased this product hoping to repair my scratched lenses . Unfortunately , after waiting a week and a half for it to arrive , I was surprised to find how ineffective it was . The coating looked more like clear nail polish and did not fill in the scratches at all . When I tried to remove the coating using their own cleaner and cloth , I was shocked to find that it actually ruined my lenses even more ! I tried a second time , only to have the same poor results . Finally I gave up , bought new lenses , and in my frustration with the return policy , threw the entire kit away . Terrible .
 This product did not remove the scratches on the eyeglasses we were trying to repair .
 Very small one sided and basically a colored sugar cube . Not ideal to make an impactfull impression on a cake decoration - mayeb more for cupcakes ????
 The Bees were perfect , however there were only 12 on each card as opposed to the 16 advertised - this left us quite short on our project : -LRB-
 When the bottle arrived , reading the small print on the back , it turns out that each capsule only contain 100mg -LRB- NOT 500mg ! -RRB- of the active ingredient -LRB- Phosphatidylserine -RRB- . The other 400mg of the `` PhosphatidylSerine Matrix '' is Soybean Oil and other filler -LRB- Glycolipids and Phosphatidylcholine -RRB- . I feel ripped off ! It 's not like these are cheap .
 Had I read the reviews , I would have seen that this product really IS a rip-off ! 500 mgs-NOT ! I thought I 'd only have to take one a day , but there is only 100 mg of Phosphatidyl Serine in each pill , meaning you still need to take 3 a day.Source Naturals , I wo n't be buying any more of your products.After this , & my terrible experience with your Huperzine A , another supplement meant to improve memory , I have serious doubts about the quality of products made by yor company , & the honesty of the management.Source Naturals Phosphatidyl Serine Matrix 500mg , 60 Softgels
 Of course once you get it and take a look at it and see that there are only actually 20 mg of phosphatidyl , and then see the word &#34; matrix &#34; of course you could never sue and win . But , when you 're shopping around and see that big 500 mg figure that is what sticks in your brain and is what you think you 're going to get . No , the big number should be 20 mg per tablet - not 500 .
 The product claims to have 500 mg of Phosphatidylserine , but it only has 100 mg , the 400 mg left is just a blend of other components.The pills are very hard and difficult to swallow .
 As other reviewers have pointed out , in order to get 500mg of PhosphatidylSerine , you need to take 5 of these capsules as each one only actually only contains 100 mg of PhosphatidylSerine . The recommended dosage for PhosphatidylSerine is between 100 and 500 mg daily . 100mg being the absolute minimum and at least for me , does nothing for me . I 've been taking 500-600 mg and sometimes even 700mg . At these dosages , the benefits start to take effect . Its a great supplement to increase brain functions . One just needs to take the correct amount as with anything , for it to actually work .
 I also feel duped - when you purchase something that says 500mg of a product , that 's what you expect ! It is only 100mg of Phosphatidyl Serine . VERY disappointed !
 `` Phosphatidyl Serine Matrix 500mg '' is only a 100mg dose of the active ingredient.So , as such it 's :1 . Overpriced2 . You need to take 5 to get the dose you thought you would be getting.Truth in advertising died here and was buried next to terms like `` fresh '' used at the grocery store to simply indicate something was n't ever frozen . Year old beef jerky is still `` fresh '' , just like this stuff is 500mg of super special stuff called phosphatidyl serine matrix ... It DID produce a vast learning improvement - in that I immediately learned I 'd been royally had !
 Each capsule is 500mg , but only 100mg of it is actually phosphatidylserine . This is very disappointing , since it seems to be difficult to find PS in amounts greater than 100mg .
 I bought this product a few months ago , in a different dosage and co. and the product worked ... this time around I decided to tryTHIS brand and dosage , and it flunked ... this product does NOT deliver at all for me
 They really almost had a perfect tub . Althought you have to fill your regular tub up with water , that would not have botherd me if the product would have worked . It would have been the perfect tub if they would have tested their product ! When baby is put into the mesh tub the footrest unsnaps and folds upward , so I had to hold the footrest down while she bathed , which is very unfortunate because every other thing about the mesh tub was great , it was soft , she sat well in it etc. . To bad !
 I liked this bather because it folds up , it 's very easy to store and it dries easily.It does n't fold easy . You definitely need both hands to open it up and close it which I do n't like . My son slides down it when we 're bathing ... it 's extremely annoying . If I had the chance , I never would have put this bather on my list .
 I thought that this baby bather would be great . My husband did n't want one AT ALL because he did n't want to store it so I thought this would be good because it folds up . My baby did n't mind it , but I hated it . I had a preemie and he would slump down in the seat because it does n't recline enough . He would also slip to one side because it is very wide . Also , when it is in the tub , you have to fill up the tub all the way to get even part of the baby covered , so he was cold during the whole bath . When he was a newborn , we just laid towels out on the kitchen counter for sponge baths and now that he is older , it is easier to stick him in the shower with one of us .
 It seemed like a great idea for giving my baby a sponge bath while waiting on the umbilical cord to heal . I also hoped to get use out of it for the 1st few months or so when he could n't really play in the water too much . It was terrible . I just could n't keep him warm . We had to make the baths very quick ; I even tried laying a towel inside as a fabric that would be less cold . That was a mess and hassle . I ended up just holding him in the bathroom sink until he got bigger and I could hold in sitting position until I started using the tub I bought where he could soak in the water a little bit .
 We too have a small house with no storage so we thought this product would be great . It seems they have fixed the foot rest problem , so that was a plus . Yet it would not fit in any of our sinks , so we were bent over the bathtub . Plus it sits so high that we had to put a great deal of water in the tub just to reach his bottom . There are no straps so when he learned to move that was that . While he was still little we ended up bathing him on a hand towel in the tub with just about an inch of water then we switched to a bathtub seat . I think this product seems like a great idea , but it still needs work .
 I did not like this for a newborn . It might be better for an older baby . My little girl slid all over the place and turned sideways . We got the Sure Comfort Deluxe Newborn-to-Toddler tub and like it much better .
 I am so disappointed that I have to return this . The others are correct , the bottom doe NOT stay down and there 's no way your baby 's weight will make it stay -LRB- it will make it flip even quicker -RRB- . I LOVE the idea of a sling as opposed to a tub since it seems much more comfortable and gentle so I 'm going to look for another before just exchanging it for a tub . I thought , `` Maybe they just had bad luck . They ca n't ALL be like that . It wo n't fold on me . '' Wrong . -LRB- Bummer ! -RRB- Put your efforts into picking a tub instead , or find a different sling . It 's too bad they ca n't fix this since so many people seem to like the idea . I really am bummed out about this .
 I 'm going on vacation next week and purchased this thinking it would be the perfect thing . It looks like a really great bather ... compact , comfortable for baby , easy to use ... I thought my 5 mo. old would love it . Well , she 's starting to roll over now and it turned out to be not such a great thing afterall . The bottom flap kept popping up and I had to hold my daughter down so that she did n't roll over and out . I 'm returning it today ...
 I bought this product because it is compact and easy to store ! I however have the same problem as do alot of other parents . The bottom keeps flipping up while I am bathing my son . I have to hold down the foot rest part while I am bathing him making it rather difficult . It is a great idea but they should have tested the product more before putting it on the market .
 I bought this tub seat hoping to not have to hold on to my son while I tried to bathe him . The foot support comes up to high making it awkward for him to sit in the seat causing him to fall over . This is not good for small infants .
 I registered for this product because I have a small house and did n't have a good place to store a full-sized baby tub . This does fold up nice and small , but it is useless . The bottom of the chair sits an inch or two above the sink or tub - so in order to have the baby in any water , you need to fill up the sink quite a bit . With so much of the baby out of the water , my baby got cold very quickly . The mesh seat wicks the water all over , so she was sitting in a very wet chair . It was a disaster -LRB- think screaming , cold , baby -RRB- . I ended up using a regular old baby tub , which if I twisted just the right way , fits under my bathroom sink.I was using this with a newborn , perhaps it would be better with an older baby .
 Like the others , I am so disappointed in this product . I live in an apartment and was really anxious to have something so compact -LRB- since my home has been taken over by baby items -RRB- but I ca n't use it . As soon as I put my baby in the sling , the foot snap comes undone and folds up on my baby . This ca n't be safe !! And how are you supposed to hold this down and wash an infant at the same time ?? We had to go buy a regular tub because I just could n't use this product for my little one . Do n't waste your money !!
 I just got this item in the mail and opened it up to test it 's functionality . For one it does not fit in my double sided sink . I was trying to avoid bending over at the bathtub.When I got the thing open and cliped on each side the upper bendable part kept flapping up , instead of securly staying in place . After testing the item I came to the conclusion that if I were to put my newborn in it , it would easily flip up while bathing her . The only good thing about it is that it folds up for easy storage and dries easily . Needless to say I returned it promptly for another bather .
 Like another reviewer , the foot area of this tub kept popping up and it made me feel very uncomfortable about the safety ! Aside from the safety issue , my son -LRB- 6 weeks at the time we used it -RRB- was n't comfortable because his feet were not in a comfortable position . I returned this item just for the safety/flimsiness issue . Do n't waste your money .
 I wish I would have taken into greater consideration the bad review this product had recieved . It does not fit in my sink and when used in the bath tub , requires way too much water for a newborn . I intially bought the product because I liked the storage aspect , well now it gets to be permanetly stored under my bathroom sink . I purchased the old fashion tub today with a teddy bear sponge for comfort . My little girl and I are much happier with our new purchase . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 Like the rest , the bottom of my bath seat folds up and it is really hard to bathe the baby while constantly fighting the seat . It is still better than those cold , hard plastic baby bath tubs , though . After reading the review that said they have improved the product , I am going to call the manufacturer and see what happens . Also , I do n't think anyone else mentioned this , but you would have to have a very big sink to use it in one . A regular double kitchen sink is way too small .
 This seat is not at all sturdy . The bottom portion will not stay down , and I 'm not about to put my baby into it . I bought it yesterday , and I 'm returning it tomorrow . It does not seem safe at all . It is so light that it seems like the baby could easily tip over .
 Bought it for the same reasons of :1 . space saver -LRB- folds up -RRB- 2 . use in sink and tub3 . holds baby with good supportLike it because :1 . folds up2 . dries quicklyHATE IT because1 . BABY SLIPS down/off the older she gets -LRB- worse in the tub -RRB- 2 . Did n't fit in our standard size sink -LRB- the base did , but her neck still hit the edge of the sinkFor our next baby , I 've already registered for the pillow-type support that hangs to dry . Picture of real mom with baby in the sink sold me ... I 'd rather have it soak up some water than have a useless item .
 I loved the concept of this seat , and it fits well in my sink , also the amount of water was not an issue . The issue I had/have with it is the leg section keeps folding up while in use so it makes it awkward for my son to lay in it . I was imagining it would be like a bouncy seat and almost conform to my son . I found it to be very stiff .
 This looked like a promising bath seat . It fit into my kitchen sink , it folded flat for storage or travel , and I liked that it was not hard plastic or foam . However , the foot end would not snap into place no matter what I did and it kept flipping up . I should have heeded those older reviews that said it did this . It was a constant hassle to keep one hand on the foot end to keep it down and keep the other on my baby ... I needed another hand to wash her ! Not only that , but the seat sits high and it takes a bit of water to fill the sink so the baby sits in some warm water and does n't get too cold . I ended up getting the Safer Bather and was very happy with that .
 I was excited about this tub design because it was basic and compact . It folds up nicely and is easy to rinse off . The mesh sling is removable for machine washing too.Unfortunately , the bath sling does n't suction to the bottom of your tub or sink so it slides all over the place and is very difficult to control while holding onto your baby with one hand and bathing her with the other . My daughter is now four months old and I need to discontinue using this tub b/c she is much more active and I ca n't keep the tub in place.If it had a belt to help secure the baby and suction cups on the bottom , this product would be ideal . Unfortunately , this product was a big disappointment !
 We like the idea that you can just fold this bather up and store it away or take it to Grandma 's . However , no matter how hard we pressed down the seat prior , when we seated our newborn into it , the bather folded his little legs up toward the ceiling ! We took what we thought was just a bad apple back to the store & got another one ... no luck . Perhaps this bather works better for heavier babies , or maybe we just got TWO bad apples , but for now -- sure he 's flexible -- but this was a ridiculous way to try to bathe !!
 I 'm a personal trainer as well an athlete training for Ironman triathlon . At a recent event expo , I stopped at the `` Stick '' exhibit to explain that I was in fact terribly disappointed with their product . He agreed with me !!! But offered that the problem was in the model , that I needed to purchase the larger model to get the proper effects . Ohhh , I need the more expensive one to actually benefit , is that it ? He began to demonstrate , causing me to abruptly insist that he stop because it was hurting me . He became extremely agressive in his demonstration and within seconds , actually brutalizing my muscles with this ridiculous gadgetry , inflamming nerves along the back of the leg which spurred severe cramping of the foot and toes !! Do not walk ... run . This is a terrible , worthless product sold by idiot nitwits that think its okay to man-handle people with detriment !!! They and their product have worsened any muscle fatigue or soreness that I had and I would give anything to hit him in the head with that ridiculous `` STICK '' .
 I bought them because they were much more economical than the ones I purchased at the health food store , however , I did n't find this item helped with my digestive issues . Furthermore , I started having severe cramping after taking them . I stopped for a while and started back to make sure that the emzymes were the cause , and sure enough , they started back after I resumed them .
 This upset my gut and I discontinued it after a few weeks . I 've gone back to my old brand and am much happier .
 Have taken many different brands of digestive enzymes -LRB- pancreatic emphasis -RRB- for several years and decided to try these as the price is more reasonable than many other brands and the formulary got good reviews . However , even though I had nothing but positive expectations , my poor digestive symptoms returned . I then tried doubling up -- still not doing the job . Can not recommend , as after a week all my negative symptoms which have been held at bay -LRB- upset , bloating , gas , irreg. , etc. -RRB- are returning .
 This product did not help me with my digestion . I tried taking for 1-2 weeks but did not see any benefits .
 I used to use this product a few years ago and it seemed to work fairly well . It seemed they changed the formula and I seemed to notice a negative effect . I did not seem to need enzymes for some time but in the last several months I have needed them . I finally went back to try the Source Naturals - this time the side effects in my body bordered on feeling toxic - as if I had put poison in my body . I will never put one of these in my body again . Please listen to you are own body.The enzymes that have been both working well and have been causing no side effects that I have been able to discern are the Life Extension enzymes - I have been pretty happy with these -LRB- yes , I was surprised that a less known brand would be so much better than Source Naturals -RRB- .
 Multiple people tried these enzymes and we all had the same outcome . While food digestion may have been more comfortable initially , we all developed gas afterwards . This is due to the lack of a certain enzyme in the mix . UDO makes a much better enzyme mix .
 I ca n't tell if this product provides any benefit or not . It definitely is n't as good as the enzyme product I bought from the store , but it is much easier to swallow -LRB- it is a capsule instead of a rock hard fat tablet -RRB- . Editing my review to say that I never saw any benefit from this product and I stopped using it . It was a waste of money for me .
 it might work for someone not in my case . . i have a hard time digesting foods like carbs i get gessii ... so iwould not recomment
 About 8 months ago I switched to a plant-based diet . That was when I began experiencing a lot more indigestion and bloating . Before becoming vegetarian , however , I 'd already had this problem because I ate a lot of fruits , vegetables and whole grains . Through research I learned that my problem was the result of complex carbohydrates -LRB- raffinose -RRB- and the fibrous cell walls of the vegetables -LRB- cellulose -RRB- . I began taking Beano -LRB- alpha-galactosidase -RRB- before my meals and noticed immediate , drastic improvement . To save money , I then switched to a generic brand of Beano and experienced the same positive results . Becoming a true believer in enzymes , I started taking Digestive Advantage Gas Defense Formula and had even better results . After that I upgraded to a full-spectrum blend
 I wish I had read the reviews first . I was thinking this was vegan . I took it for two days and the gelatin made me sick . Really bummed and disapointed.EDIT
 I did n't notice that this helped digestion . I 'm on an intermittent fasting diet where I get one large meal a day at night time and thought this would help with improving digestion and making food absorption more optimal . Ca n't tell if it is working or not . Guess not , since I have n't noticed a bit of difference .
 I had my gallbladder out 4 years ago and I did n't notice anything while taking these enzymes . I took one at every meal for over a week and felt no different . Oh well .
 Amazon says this has `` cellulose capsules '' but when I received this package the ingredients on the product say `` Gelatin Capsules '' . I 'm VEGAN and do n't want `` hooves '' -LRB- yes that 's what gelatin is made from '' in my enzymes !
 This product is expensive and did n't work . There was no affect whatsoever . I returned it for my money back .
 It does n't work . It do no effect . Do not waste your money.I like this brand but this particular product has no effect or at least not to me . Not a weight loss product .
 This is the worst packaging of a mail order delivery I have ever received ! The box arrived today smashed in and open , and USPS had wrapped the box in plastic with a sticker saying the box was received damaged and without contents !!! I ca n't believe USPS would leave this in my mailbox . I received another order from Amazon via USPS yesterday that was left at my front door . That order was from another seller , and it was in good shape . I 've sent pictures of the open and damaged box to Amazon . I 'm awaiting a response and refund .
 I briefly evaluated this software -LRB- NutriBase Personal Plus v8 , an advanced version of NutriBase EZ -RRB- , then purchased it to use . It is hard to use and defective -- among problems are uneditable food items , inability to erase incorrect entries through the application , and way too many menus and keystrokes to enter data . Worse -- or what should have been advanced warning -- the company 's Websites -LRB- yes , they seem to have many -RRB- have screwed up and circular menus , pages jammed full with unrelated information and outdated content , even regarding their own products . Customer service was responsive via email and on telephone , admitted menus were messed up , but acted as if it did n't matter as they 've had other people buy their software . When I requested a refund for the just purchased software because it was not usable , they rudely wanted to charge a nearly 30 % restocking fee for downloaded software!I now have credit card charge dispute pending to secure my full refund.I do not recommend any Nutribase product and personally will not purchase any other product from this company .
 I 've had this software for about a year now and I just upgraded to vs. 9 and the usual problem getting the software registered occurred . I also have been trying to get a question answered without any success . They just ignore me . This last time they cut one part of my email out and responded to it and ignored the question I had . Pretty arrogant . My wife uses Lance Armstrong 's software on the cloud and it works better and is free . I regret I ever bought it and will not be spending anymore money on upgrades .
 I was really looking forward to this software , unfortunately I 've got a defective blank CD in the mail instead of installable CD . I 'm returning the item , and will try to buy it elsewhere .
 I have not been able to register it . The second time I tried to opened it and use it it wanted me to register and I have tried 3 times , if I donot get it register this week I am returning it.thank you , Lynn
 They taste good but i think amazon is selling them very expensive , i get flyers from local safeway and they are much much cheaper.one would think that buying in bulk would save me money but no , not the case !! compare before you buy !
 I tried one of these for breakfast one morning and my stomach regretted it a mere 2 hours later . This food is literally indigestible and is extrenely dangerous if you 're at work and away from home while suddenly having to deal with an unexpected case of indigestion . Avoid at all costs .
 I received tablets instead of capsules . I wanted capsules which are easier to swallow than tablets but that is not what I received .
 I buy one box with 12 glasses of beer only 4 turn on the light , I am very disappointed because I bought to use at the party and not worked . I need 24 batteries for them to work , i think you should supplied me with it , let me know what you want to do ! I buy lot stuff from you !!
 I purchased this product from amazon about a week ago . After reading about this product I was really looking forward to trying it . I took several capsules today and noticed a strange mint or eucaluptus smell that lasted for a while . I normally get ravenous when i get home from work , so i took a couple capsules an hour before getting home . Unfortunately this had no effect on my appetite whatsoever . I still felt like snacking before dinner , and I also felt abnormally agitated - as if i had low blood sugar . Unfortunately I paid for two bottles of this stuff - very dissapointing .
 I had high hopes for this product . Heard so much good stuff about hoodia . But this sad to say , did nothing . And it tasted like pure alcohol with grass in it ! Had to drink something with a lot of flavor to it while taking it .
 This product has two fatal design flaws . First the expanding propellant is not able to get the applicator tip cold enough . Secondly the applicator tip is a rigid stub . It will not make useful or appropriate surface contact with the target . This is unlike the liquid or spray on nitrogen at a doctor 's office.Don ' t waste your hard earned money on this product .
 I tried this stuff on three different attempts , each attempt was its own two-week period , this all being on a single and very average size wart . I even trimmed it down first to `` increase the freeze depth '' like someone else mentioned . -LRB- who must work for DR Scholl based on the length of their praise for the product -RRB- . I also held the applicator on for ridiculously long periods , and it never took the wart off . Nobody wants to pay 30 bucks for something that takes two weeks to figure out that it did n't work . I had two other warts in the past , and I 'm going back to what does work ... COMPOUND W. Its even way cheaper , and takes the same time period . Let me ask you this ? ... if you 're not alergic to salicylic acid , and freezing takes just as long for the desired effect -LRB- for the few it works on -RRB- , and compound W is cheaper , then why would you ever buy this ? Trust me folks ... its just not worth it .
 I have given this product more than one chance -LRB- I 've bought it twice now , and there are 12 freeze sticks in each pack ! -RRB- but it just has n't worked for me . I have multiple warts on my hands and have tried everything under the sun , but this is not something that works . Do n't waste your money ! Upon first use , I felt a slight burning on the wart as I held it for the allotted amount of time required and then it turned white . I bandaged it up and the next day it was slightly smaller but definitely did not make ANY difference within a few days . The directions specifically say to use the product in spaced out intervals so I 'm not sure how it could have been successful.I would instead recommend Apple Cider Vinegar or even Dr. Scholl 's liquid wart remover , both are so much more effective and much less expensive !
 I had a couple of warts on my fingers . I tried Dr. Scholl 's Freeze Away , as well as Dr. Scholl 's liquid . It seemed to be doing something but the warts would stay on there . Very weak stuff . Get Compound W , it worked very very quickly for me and the warts never came back .
 Please ... . all that care if you have scars . . DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT !! Ionly held it as long as it told me to and I now have about 10 scars on my legs that I will be stuck with for the rest of my life ! I am not at all a vein person and appearance is most def not my main concern in life but these are UGLY !! If I could do it all over again . . I would just be happy with the warts !! I 'm literately begging you not to buy this product !! This burned me so bad I wore band aids for weeks around my legs ! I could not touch my legs . Then they oozed green stuff . . This was 3rd degree burns !! I am wearing the scars now , wishing that I had never ever even seen this advertisement ! I can not stress this enough . . Please to not hurt yourself , and I pray to God that no one is crazy enough to use this on a defenseless child !!! I only gave it 1 start because it would not let me give it none !
 I purchased this item and it did NOT help me fall asleep at all . Do not waste your money on this product .
 I just received my order today and was thrilled ... until I opened one of the bottles . The smell was rancid and I thought it was from the plastic inside the bottle . I have used extra-virgin in a jar and it smelled nothing like this . I requested a refund ASAP !
 Why upgrade to this bulky product ? Why contend with hard to find and expensive toothpaste ? Why limit your toothpaste choices ? Why pay so much?Listen , just buy better Oral B product which are superior and smaller.Want proof ? Reputable 3rd party Cochrane study state that Oral B 's rotating brush are better ! Not only that the replacement brushes are much cheaper than Sonicare!I returned mine to my dentist and got Oral B instead and very impressed with it ! You 're supposed to replace brush often and Sonicare 's replacement are RIP OFF.Sonicares are unreliable . I owned older model and it died within 2 years or just shy of 2 year warranty . I give them credit for good customer service for sending me replacement . So if your product is unreliable then call to complain and demand a brane new replacment!http : / / www.oralb.com/cochrane/summary.asp `` An independent research group The Cochrane Collaboration , recently completed the most comprehensive review of power toothbrushstudies ever undertaken.Rotation-oscillation toothbrushes , like theProfessionalCare 7000 , reduce plaque andgingivitis by between 7 % and 17 % morethan manual toothbrushes.No other form of power toothbrushes , including `` sonic , '' proved to be any betterthan a manual toothbrush in reducingplaque and gingivitis.The evidence also proved that powertoothbrushing is just as safe as manualbrushing.For the full on-line report , visitwww.update-software . com/toothbrush .
 I bought Dove Body Refreshers last summer , hoping they would be a nice pick me up in the middle of the day when my body was oily or sweaty . This product comes in Fresh Scent and Original Scent , and I have the Original Scent . I did not enjoy this product for a few reasons . When I used the wipes on my face and neck , I still felt oily . Since the product is called Body Refreshers with moisturizer , I assumed it would be a cleansing wipe that moisturized as well -LRB- this is why I thought I could use it on my face too -RRB- . However , these wipes do not make me feel clean . After using one of the cloths , I only feel like I 've put perfume over sweat . I prefer Wet Ones to this product , because Wet Ones take away the oily/grimy feeling without drying me out , and Wet Ones are antibacterial . The Dove moisturizers are not meant to use as a wipe for hands -LRB- unlike Wet Ones -RRB- , which is disappointing.Conclusion
 I have used ajax soap products for over 30 years , Recently I bought the lemon dish soap , and the ajax ultra laundry soap and let me tell you both products were so watered down . had to use 3times more than ever before.This stuff is terrible now.I will never buy those products again.I would not advise buying those products , rip off .
 I think I purchased this dish soap because I saved a few cents , assuming all dish soaps were more or less the same . This actually seems worse then the other name brands . Seems to run out of suds way faster . Not worth the miniscule amount of savings to have to wash dishes with this mediocre junk for months .
 I have used Ajax dish soap for a couple yrs now . I bought it cause you could get a large bottle at a great price.My daughter and daughter-in-law also used it . One day I was talking to them about it , they both switched to something different.I tried Palmolive and WOW what a difference . Just a dime size in my dishwater goes a long way . You can feel it in the water , unlike Ajax.Ajax is a watered down soap . You need to use a lot of it just to feel the soap in your dishwater . It mightclean well but for the price ... try something different . You get what you pay for .
 I have used this for years , but now it is as runny as the `` brand x '' soaps . I will not purchase this any longer . I have to use 2 - 3 times as much as before .
 You donot get what you pay for with this colored water product . I tried the Lemon and the Lime scented bottles of `` dishwater '' and was very dissatisfied with it 's performance . I had to keep adding `` soap '' to wash my pots , pans , and dishes . Better to buy a quality product and use less soap to get the job done than purchase this embarrasing product .
 Someone at my gym thinks this is the best product since sliced bread . I bought it , tried it , returned it . It 's basically ridiculous . Did nothing for me , but the gym lady obviously liked it .
 A waste of money . Does not work . Amazon should not carry this item . After 5 trys I trashed the item .
 I just sent an email to New Chapter Organics . I 'll be interested to learn why they drastically cut the potency of these vitamins versus the original Every Woman . They have also changed the recommended dose to two tablets daily where the old ones recommended three . So what we have here is a multivitamin that is about 25 % less potent than what it replaced , meaning that you would have to take TWICE AS MANY as recommended to achieve the same degree of potency . To explain , let 's take , for example , the IUs of vitamin A that you USED to get with the old vitamins -LRB- 10,000 -RRB- -LRB- at 3x/day -RRB- , meaning each vitamin has about 3,333 IUs of Vitamin A. With the ` new enhanced formula ' vitamins , you 're getting a total of 5,000 IUs for 2/day , meaning that each one has 2,500 IUs . Therefore , you have to take twice as many to get the same potency -LRB- 4 x 2,500 = 10,000 -RRB- . Now , if you 're okay with a lower potency , fine , but just be aware that it 's more money in their pockets for what they 're touting as an ` enhanced ' product with the same name , that you have to take twice as many of to get the same results . Just what exactly have they enhanced ? Oh , wait ! They 've added Vitamin K-2 , whatever that is , which was n't in the original product , to the tune of 10 micrograms , about 12 % of our DV . Yay.See my old review on the old vitamins . They WERE the best vitamins I 've ever taken , including Swanson , which I tried and with which I was unimpressed , and Trader Joe 's with nearly identical supplement ingredients and potencies , with which I was also unimpressed . I just really hardly ever got sick when I took the New Chapters . I do n't know why . I usually do n't have such allegiances to products , because I know they come and go , but I 'm disappointed that the formulation has changed , and I 'm really disappointed in New Chapter 's bait-and-switch tactics . You 'll now have the privilege of paying 70 % more for the equivalent of the same product , it just wo n't look that way if you do n't look at the potency amount . I wo n't explain the math ; just trust me.I wo n't buy these , EVER.Oh , and to the person who did n't look at the serving size and thought it had doubled , there used to be an Every Woman One Daily and still is . This was never that product . It 's always been a 3-a-day , at least until now .
 I 've been taking these vitamins faithfully for about a year now and paying a LOT for them . . imagine my surprise that with my next reorder I got the same 72count but now need 2 a day ! What a rip off.On a plus size , these do not upset my stomach and I really like them . I will continue to buy , just make sure to check for ` Once Daily ' on the box .
 I am in my late 20 's and am very sensitive to estrogens . Generally I have a lot of energy . Each time I took these vitamins I noticed an unusal mood change . I was upset and crying about everyday events , my reactions even confused me . I believe whatever they put in there for `` mood '' is the culprit . I contacted New Chapter for a refund . I was a bit insulted that they denied my request and had the gaul to recommend another one of their products to me . -LRB- no samples -RRB- . I would not recommend this product to people sensitive to estrogens.This product did digest easily . I am taking kids vitamins now .
 I have purchased this vitamin from New Chapter for at least the last 2 years . The dosage was always one a day . Now it is 2 a day ... to get the same exact nutrients and support herbs ... so it is costing twice the money . I think this is a gimmick by this company New Chapter . And the other downside is that you have to take of these very large pills . Who wants to add one more vitamin a day to have to take . I wo n't buy New Chapter again unless they change the formula back to Every Woman 's ONE DAILY ... that is the old formula .
 Pro : Cheap and a good deal of accessoriesCon : CHEAP falls apartConclusion : This thing is a piece of junk . After a couple of times using the large clippers I notice that a great deal of hair would get stuck in and under the blades . I tried cleaning it with the included brushes , did n't work most of the hair was still there . I then used an air compressor at 150 psi which got some of the hair out , but most was still stuck . Puzzled , I opened it up to see how the hair was getting stuck . Much to my amazement Conair used a piece of porous foam in between the bottom blade and the housing . This foam place here acted like a pincushion for the hair . So I put it back together no problems . After a few minutes use the piece of plastic that connected the motor to the blade snapped . I thought it was some thing that I did and bought another one , the exact same model . This second one I decided not to mess with it and just use it leave the hair in the foam . In about six uses that plastic thing broke in the same place . Now I have two broken clippers and noway to scavenge to fix one.Then theres the battery powered trimmer that tends to pull rather than cut hair .
 The trimmer does n't work at all ... new batteries , nothing ... everything else is ok but not pleased with the product at all ...
 Product looks great , and the kit comes with plenty of extras and guards , but the actual trimmer is of cheap quality . Plastic parts working the trimming blades broke by the 4th use ... and I know it 's certainly not my hair thickness , I 'm slowly balding ! Poorly made , which is a shame , my previous conair trimmer lasted nearly 10 years . Bought a Wahl in a store afterwards , and it 's worked very well .
 Pro
 I received this item with my reward points , mostly because I needed new clippers and because it was the only option . I shave my head so I did not need all the other items in this kit and only used the clippers with no guard . It worked great and I got a close shave for a total of 3 times . The fourth time the small blade had a piece inside it the broke away so it slipped and was not even with the larger front blade so I knicked my head several times . Cheaply made and had I been doing quick hard swipes like I normally do , I would have cut myself several more times because the blade was literally sticking out and in effect worked as an electric knife . Stay away from this plastic item .
 Do n't spend any money on this unless you just want the case . Mine went in the trash and I put my 20 year old Oster clippers in the Conair box.Pros
 Pros : Comes with lots of pieces in a nice case.Cons : None of that matter because it does n't cut hair . It just glides through your hair without actually cutting it . If it gets any significant amount of hair in it 's teeth it will lock up and the head will pull off of the trimmer body.Bottom Line : Absolute junk . Do not buy this .
 I have received the item , but unfortunately it does n't smell as same as the one I had before . I do n't think its an original perfume inside of it other than the box and bottle .
 BEFORE I BOUGHT THIS ONLINE ... I WENT 2 MACY 'S AND SPRAYED IT ON ... LOVE IT ... PURCHASE FROM U. . . DOES NOT SMELL THE SAME ... !!! ... I PURCHASE 2 BOTTLES ... NOT HAPPY AT ALL ... VERY UNHAPPY CAMPER ... . SEXUAL....!!!..JAMES........jwdisnuke@att.net
 I think that I was happy when it had came in , but it also had a good number of scratches on it which upset my boyfriend , whom I had got it for .
 The Braun 340 does not shave as close as my Remington 407 and takes longer to shave . The right angle trimmer on the Remington is a better design . The huge plug on the cord could be a nuisance when traveling . After a month in using the 340 , I am very disappointed in using this shaver . George S.
 I replaced a well-used , high-end Braun shaver with this model because I needed something immediately after it broke -LRB- no complaints on that score - it gave years of great service -RRB- . After six months , I 'm now replacing it because it just does n't compare well to what I had before.The major let-down has been that the trimmer is n't powered and therefore does n't cut . I guess it 's only designed to help you lift hairs to be cut by the foil . It 's useless for neatly trimming sideburns or getting rid of unruly hair on the back of your neck . In addition to that , the cutter block easily comes loose during cleaning -LRB- with the foil removed -RRB- and is often difficult to reattach.That said , I 'm choosing Braun again for my next shaver because they have made the best shavers I 've ever used , but I 'm spending the extra money for a high-end model.If you just want something basic , then fine . But if you want a great shave , then this is n't the model to go for . I 'd recommending spending more for something you 'll really appreciate .
 This is the absolute worst shaver I have ever owned . It all started when my wife wanted to do me a favor and buy me a new razor , she typically buys products with elevated price tags because she wants the `` best '' for me , bless her heart . This shaver is n't even good enough to cut peach fuzz on a 14-year-old . If you normally shave every day it 's a challenge to use , if you go two or three days you will be standing at the mirror for 30 minutes . I do n't know what it is about the foil design , I have never had to rub my face raw just to go after a few hairs that seem to elude the cutting blades . I spend more time trying to get a full cut , using every 3-dimensional angle in space , and I 'm constantly charging this thing -LRB- oh , by the way , you ca n't cut when it 's charging - safety deal I 'm sure -RRB- . I will never own a Braun product again . DO NOT BUY THIS SHAVER .
 My hubby was super pleased with this shaver until one day the mechanism just stopped working . Going to have to look for parts for it , or see whether its cheaper just to buy a whole new shaver . Not too pleased , paid around $ 84 for it with tax and not happy at all that it broke in just 4 months .
 I received the first Series 3 shaver as a gift . It worked OK for about 6 months then it failed -LRB- would not turn on -RRB- . I bought a replacement and it , too , lasted about 6 months before failing -LRB- it will not recharge -RRB- . To get a decent shave , I had to repeatedly go over my beard , testing constantly to see if any stubble remained . I sustained several razor burns on my neck from applying too much pressure trying to get the job done faster . My old Norelco did a better job in less time , but it also had some issues with quality -LRB- three repairs in two years -RRB- . I will not buy another Braun shaver .
 I 've owned quite a few Braun shavers and all of them worked just fine . This one does not.The cutting system is either misaligned -LRB- I 've had two -RRB- or simply very badly designed . It 's a brutal , uncomfortable shave that feels like individual hairs are yanked out of your face , one at a time . That 's when it works ! Many times , the action of the shaver does virtually nothing , requiring many passes over a given area to shave anything . It 's given me rashes and lots of skin burns.To their credit , Braun sent me a friendly email & replacement cutting block when I let them know of my unpleasant experience . It was a little better , yet still gives a profoundly uncomfortable , incompetent shave.Do yourself a favor and stay far away from this truly awful shaver ! I hope Braun realizes what a step down they 've taken and introduces a new line that works .
 I got this shaver as a gift and I was excited about using this over the regular disposable razors I have been using.It did a good job getting the hair on my face that was above the jaw line but below that it did n't do a good job at all.After going over the same area repeatedly on my neck , it just would n't get that hair at all . I even tightened my skin in the area it was shaving as the instructions said but I still had no luck.I 'm planning on returning this shaver and just going back to the regular straight razors that work . I think this kind of product is hard to review since everyone has different skin and beard types . My soft skin and thin beard hair probably just is n't made for an electric shaver in general.It would be nice if they made an electric shaver that was different from the typical ones with a vibrating cutting head and a foil shield . Maybe something like a self lubricating and cleaning straight blade that does n't require shaving cream or water and it keeps itself clean as it shaves . I just find the design of all electric shavers out there to be archaic at best .
 I bought the Braun 340 razor from Walmart for $ 81.00 after I went looking for a blade and comb set for my Braun 7505 razor . I found that Walmart no longer carried parts for the 7505 , so I got a new razor , the 340 . What a mistake . My first clue came when I read the the instructions and was told not to move the razor from side to side when shaving . How does a person shave between the nose and the mustache without using a side to side motion . I soon found there are other places on the face that require a side to side motion , like under the chin and directly below the sideburns . I used the 340 for two weeks in the hope that the fault was mine and I would soon learn how to use this razor properly . After two weeks of very poor shaves that took 2 1/2 times as long to achieve , I ordered a blade and comb for my old razor from Amazon . What a difference . I have been able to compare the two razors side by side , and the 340 performs less well than the 7505 on ALL parts of the face . If anyone wants to but a slightly used Braun 340 razor , I have one for sale ... cheap .
 I bought this shaver to replace my old Norelco based on a review I found on the internet . My Norelco was a few years old and the cost of a new head for it was almost the same cost as a new shaver . I now believe the internet review I read was probably written by the Braun marketing department . After a year of use , I have found that :1 -RRB- It is very noisy2 -RRB- It is awkward to hold and use3 -RRB- It requires three passes over the same area to get a decent shave4 -RRB- You have to shave slowly during those three passes to get good results5 -RRB- It took twice as long to get the same results as my old shaverAt first I thought that the problem was that I needed to get used to a foil shaver instead of a rotary shaver , but this was n't the case . I just ordered a new head for my Norelco and plan on giving this one away to someone I do n't like very much . Also FYI , Amazon has good prices for replacement Norelco heads if you should need one , the one I ordered was ten dollars cheaper than in a brick and mortar shore . Happy shaving !
 Though this razor gave an excellent close shave on my face , I could run it over the same part of my neck again and again with no apparent change . The trimmer is also unsatisfactory .
 Out of the box , I liked the razor . As the instructions stated , it took about a week for my heavy beard to be used to the new shaver . I always gave a good shave , though it did take longer than my previous rotary razor . I 'm giving one star since the razor only lasted me about eight months . During a charging cycle , the case got very hot and turned a small section a burnt brown color . The razor did work for two more weeks , then died . I typically keep my boxes and receipts on items like these for a year , but in this case the box with receipt was pitched after six months . I would not recommend this razor .
 I have used four Norelcos over many decades . Rather than buying new cutters for two year old shaver , time to try Braun . I have used new Series 3/340 for three weeks now . Smooth but NOT close ; particularly on neck . Leaves too much stubble . I do not particularly like these little buzzing/vibrating razors but I suppose I would get used to that . Contrarily , Norelco feels like it has small balanced electric motor in comparison . To get a close shave I find I have to go back and RESHAVE with Norelco . Not good ! Norelco trimmer is vastly superior to Braun 's . I have sixty days in which to return . I will put up with it for another week or so and then return it if shaves do n't get anywhere as close as they did with all my previous Norelcos . Not a bad product . Just mediocre results , but that does not make a nice , clean shave . I am disappointed . Expected more . I do love the ability to rinse with water after shaving though .
 I purchased this Shaver to replace an old Remington that gave me excellent service for many years until the battery just wore out . The Braun Series 3 340 is horrible . It is noisy for sure but that is only a minor inconvenience . It takes 10 minutes or more to shave and it still leaves fine hair and stubble all over my face . The only way I can shave is under a bright light or I will leave stubble even tough I have passed over it several times . I can never get a clean shave . If you purchase this shaver you will have thrown away your money . I certainly did and I am now searching for another replacement .
 I had a Panasonic Wet Dry and I really liked it . However it was dropped and a piece broke off . Decided to buy a new one but when I went to the store they were sold out . Saw some Braun 4700 series , and decided to give one a try as you are lead to believe they are the best . It is really bad ... . no power , does not shave clean ... I have nothing good to say about it.Got a Panasonic Wet/Dry ES7103 a few days ago as a replacement , and I am a happy camper with my shaver once again .
 i have owned Braun shavers in the past , that i liked very much . The 340 is not an outstanding poduct . I think my 4 year Remington is superior in performance.i intend to retun it for a refund .
 I hate this shaver . I have had it for about 6 months thinking maybe I had to get used to it but this shaver is a waste of money .
 Over the past twenty years I have owned at least 6 Braun electric razors . All past Braun razors worked fine so I had the expectation that the recently purchased Braun razor would be satisfactory -- but it is not ! Either I got a lemon or Braun has lowered its manufacturing standards on their lower priced electric razors.Problems
 It does n't shave very close at all and misses a lot of hair . I have to go over my face 4 or 5 times . And the trimmer is useless
 This is a poor shaver . You have to go over the same spot over & over before it cuts . I tried to return it , but the seller would n't accept returns .
 I 've used Braun electrics for 30 years , this is the worst one . The trimmer does n't work , and the shaving is slow . It does do a decent job of shaving , and the price is reasonable .
 I have this one as a spare at work when I need to make a good impression and get rid of 5 o clock shadow . I only used it 2-3 times per week . It pales in comparison to the Panasonic shavers which makes is 2 or 3 times better . I bought this as my main shaver at first than found a screaming deal on ebay on a Panasonic Shaver . The only reason I kept the Braun was I was past my 30 day refund policy . Its ok for a spare , its got a nice case , is light and the ac plug is dual voltage . Just want to let people know that this is a poor to fair shaver imho . Others have loved it , so make sure you keep your receipt and buy from a place that offers easy exchange or refund .
 The razor did not do a good job shaving my neck and took much longer than my previous razor . Not worth the money .
 My old Norelco rotary stopped working so I thought I will replace that with a similar priced shaver like a Panasonic or Braun shaver and bought this one a while ago . What a disappointment!While it is ok -LRB- and comfortable -RRB- for regular shaving on the face -LRB- daily shaving - if you let it grow a little more then it is a little more painful since Braun seems to pluck the hair out . . -RRB- , shaving in the neck area is a lot worse than Norelco . Even after several minutes of trying I could n't get all the hair in neck area cleaned out . Norelco also takes a couple of tries , but this one did n't work even after 10 tries.I tried wet shaving next to see if that helps . That also did n't help . So I returned it back to Amazon.Pros
 I 'm bad about leaving my razor behind when I travel . I have solved that by keeping a second razor in my travel kit and swapping them when I charge he home unit . I had been using rotary razors all my life , but decided to try a Braun . Eight months ago I bought this razor and a similarly-priced Norelco.The Braun looks really nice . The fit and finish is excellent . It 's maybe a little bit heavy , albeit the heft gives it a solid feel . The Braun is substantially louder than the Norelco.The difference in the quality of the shave is huge . The Norelco tends to do a very good job on the first pass.In contrast , the Braun has a * very * difficult time with the soft areas , my neck in particular . Going over and over it with the broad side of the razor does n't appear to improve the shave beyond what was done in the first pass . If I stand there and run the razor length-wise across my neck over and over in various directions , then it will , eventually , produce a decent shave . I would estimate that it takes three to five times longer for the Braun to get the same results on my neck as the Norelco.Also , despite the weight -LRB- which implies to me a large battery -RRB- the Braun does not hold a charge nearly as long as the Norelco . After sitting in my travel kit for a few weeks , when switching back to the Braun , it will only work for a couple of sessions before needing to be recharged . The Norelco does not appear to bleed its charge nearly as fast when not in use.I 've given this razor plenty of chances . Today , I 'm ordering a second Norelco .
 Sad to say , I used the shaver for two weeks . After each shave I had to use my Norelco 5825XL to get a good shave . I 'm sorry I bought it . NO STAR .
 This electric razor is not as good as my Norelco . In order to get a good shave I have to use the Norelco to finish after I use this razor .
 Everyone 's facial beard is different I know , so I will try not to cut the product on the basis that it did a poor job of cutting my tough beard . But if you can stand the very loud noise of the motor and the heavy vibration that more or less gives you a facial message , then this is the razor for you . It charges fast and holds a charge for a long time . The Braun today is not the same as it was a few years ago . My last Braun was about twenty years ago and I loved it . I ca n't say the same for this one . But again everyone 's face is different .
 The foil is abrasive and can cause razor bumps.Also the shave is not close and will missed areas around my rear jaw line that my Remington gets fairly easily.Overrated and overpriced eurotrash .
 I bought both the model 370 and 550 close together . Now that three plus months have gone by , I would definitely NOT recommend the model 370 and ony conditionally the model 550 . The 550 is over-priced , while neither model gives a close shave compared to the Norelco quadra head I bought more than a year ago . I end up using the Norelco to finish up after the Brauns . I am unable to get a reasonably close shave with the model 370 and just barely with the model 550 . I suspect the heads clog up with whisters as you shave and this affects the shave . I wanted to try a Braun after years of using a Norelco or Panasonic -LRB- a joke -RRB- . I will stick with the Norelcos and consign the Brauns to the dresser drawer as a bad choice and a waste of money . Spend a little more and buy a good Norelco . Your face will thank you for it .
 For the money , I was expecting a very good shaver ! What I got was a very expensive lesson . The shaver was very quiet and comfortable in the hand but lousy for getting a close shave . After repeated passes over my beard , I still had stubble 's . I took my travel shaver -LRB- $ 15.00 at Walgreen 's -RRB- and completed the shave leaving a smooth , stubble-less feel . Do n't spend the money on this shaver .
 I purchased it on 02/04/2009 . I used it for 2 weeks . It shaves ok except neck . I could n't shave my neck sucessfully even with lots of effort . I followed all the best practices written in instruction guide . As I had to use the shaver with the combination of regular razor , I decided to return it.I do not recommend this product .
 This is the best electric shaver I have ever owned . It has worked flawlessly
 I had pretty good expectations for this shaver b/c of the price and features . To my dismay , I am very disappointed with this shaver and my very high regard for Braun shavers is now suspect . I will now have doubts about Braun shavers from now on.This 370 Braun shaver is well constructed BUT it does not cut as well as my first Braun shaver that I purchased for $ 59.99 about 19 years ago . That old shaver was a single stage no frills shaver but it shaved well and close.If you have never used Braun shavers , then you might be happy/satisfied with this shaver . But if you have used Braun shavers , you will probably be disppointed.I will now point out the faults of this Braun 370 Shaver :1 . -RRB- Shaver does not seem to cut facial hair . Instead it chews the facial hair . It leaves some stubbles behind . But more important , it leaves a very unattractive 5 o'clock shadow behind . I have never had a 5 o'clock shadow before with Braun shavers . They all shaved so close that it left a barely visible 5 o'clock shadow .2 . -RRB- Does not have a cap for the foil .3 . -RRB- The battery seems to drain quicker than my other Braun shavers . -LRB- I have owned 3 other Braun shavers . -RRB- This Braun 370 shaver seems to lack the power of my Braun 7505 shaver that I was using before I bought this shaver . Therefore , it wo n't give a close shave . That 's why it feels like it 's chewing off my facial hair instead of slicing it off . The vibrations of my Braun 7505 sound loud and feel powerful . The Braun 370 vibrations are quiet and weak.If you have used a Braun 7505 shaver or better , you probably wo n't like this shaver . Relative to the 7505 shaver , it does n't give you as close a shave . It does n't even give as close a shave as my $ 59.99 Braun shaver from 19 years ago.It is one solidly constructed shaver however . It is better made than my Braun 7505 . Also , it comes with a hard case . But it does n't cut well like my 7505 .
 I had a Braun Series 5 `` system '' , after about two weeks it started sounding like a buzz saw , and the shave was n't as good . I used it for about a year and gave up on it . then I bought a Series 3 `` system '' and have had it about 6 months . Sometimes the cleaning stand wo n't shut off . Sometimes the shaver wo n't turn on . Sometimes even after a few days , when I go to shave , the battery is dead . The quality of the shave is great , but I think either their manufacturing or engineering sucks , they have no web access for problems , you have to take it to an authorized dealer -LRB- about 30 miles from me -RRB- , and apparently do n't want any feedback from customers . It seems that since Gillette bought Braun things went to hell . I doubt if I 'll ever buy another Braun , and it 's too bad , because the shave is really great when it does work .
 The shave unit is certainly smooth , but it ca n't tackle a tough beard . I still need to finish with a razor . The trimmer unit is junk at best . For the price this product is no better than a cheap Braun Shaver .
 The shaving head is quite good , but the side trimmer is difficult to use . Also this unit had a problem within a week . The battery is charged with a special cord . When the battery is being charged the shaver does not function . My unit was defective in that it would not charge the battery . Had to send it back to a service facility , warranty repair , and will be without the shaver for 2-4 weeks .
 After years of shaving with a cheap Remington 3 head shaver , I finally went shopping for a new razor . I researched and decided on this Braun Foil razor . I switch between a blade and electric because the blade is always a better , closer shave , but at least my old remington came close , and it was quick . This crappy razor was never even close to a blade and it 's about a year old now and is worse . Plus it takes longer to keep going over the same area on my face to try to get all the whiskers that I may as well just lather up and use the blade . I use the electric to save tiem in the morning . This does n't save anything.I keep it clean and oil it occasionaly , but it 's still nothing like the $ 25.00 Remington , and nowhere near a blade shave . I would never by another Braun shaver . They should be ashamed to sell such garbage .
 I have owned many electric razors and of late I have been purchasing Bruan 's . I seem to go thru an electric razor every 3 years or so . My last 3 razors have been Braun 's thus this is my forth . I bought it because of the many postive reviews and because I was totally satisfied with my previous Braun razors . Not any more . This razor just does not shave . It a very solid built razor , thus out of the package I was pleased . But after the first shave I was not happy . I have been using it for 4 months now , I even changed the foil and blades as I bought extras when I made my original purchase . Still a very poor shave . I have been using my blade razor most of the time and only use the Bruan for a quick touch up . I am now reviewing which razor to go to next . I may buy a high end Braun but I hate to spend that kind of money and end up with the same results . I would not recommend this razor to anyone .
 This razor ... will be the first thing ... to piss you off in the day . Youll wake up , take a nice shower , and then spend 15 minutes plucking hairs with this razor.I 've loved Brauns my entire life . And have had many of them . This one is absolute crap . The fact that Im up at 1:48 am and considering wake up and having to shave with this piece of crap again ... is amazing.The foil razor ... is 3/10 . It does shave after going over your face 30-40 times . Slight razor burn is an after effect . The shave is n't close enough to look like you 've shaved the same day.The pull out razor , breaks after 3-4 month . A little metal piece inside slips down . It really doesnt matter though , the front razor doesnt work anyways . 0/10 . This Braun absolutely was made as cheapily as possible by Gillete . The motor is small , it gets hot , the razors do n't cut , and the blade in the front breaks . Avoid this BRAUN at all cost . Read reviews before purchasing any razor . I no longer trust Braun to make a decent product .
 The razor works as long as you are willing to shave the same area over and over again . May work better on rough , shorter beards but not on longer hairs .
 I bought this shaver to replace a Norelco - big mistake.It does a lousy job on the neck , leaving stray hairs and leaves stubble on the cheeks . And it manages to be more irritating than the Norelco as well.I 'm partialy bald and shave my head daily and this shaver is useless for that too.If your face was as flat as a table top this shaver might work , but it ca n't deal with curves and creases.Overall very disappointed .
 I 've always used a foil shaver because blade shaving leaves my skin a wreck . My really old Remington gives a pretty decent shave but can be a bit irritating so I decided it was time to upgrade . I 've read loads of good things about Braun.I 've used this shaver for about 2 weeks now and can get a passable shave on my cheeks and moustache area , but as for the chin and neck that 's a very different story . My chin has yet to get a close shave from this one , and the neck area is left with lots of stray whiskers which even the little pop up trimmer refuses to cut at all . I 've tried all directions and circular motion , ` Lectric Shave , Remington Face Saver , and I just end up with razor burn and a badly shaven neck and chin . I should mention that if I did n't have to pay extra attention to these areas there would be next to no irritation . I guess I 've always had a bit of trouble with the neck but the old Remington had a huge trimmer that would get them if nothing else would.On the plus side , it seems relatively quiet compared to some others , has a bit of heft to it which I like , and the battery seems to last for 5-10 shaves . For the whiskers it does catch , it has plenty of power and does n't get bogged down . Cleaning is easy too.For someone who does n't have troublesome neck hair this might be a good choice but it 's just not working out for me .
 Owned braun shavers most of my life ... really enjoyed previous models performance until this one . Positive - the shaver charges fast and it is light . Now the negatives . It does not shave evenly especially around the corners of the chin . Also the trimmer is absolutely horrible - it failed to trim much at all and if it does , catches hair and tug on it . Would not recommend at it .
 I bought this on the recommendation of other users here . It was a replacement for my $ 29.95 Norelco rotary shaver . After using for a month it misses lots of whiskers , is noisy and has loud vibrations . This is similiar to wet dry Panasonic shavers I had before . In comparison , I Norelco is super quiet , no vibrations , 3 heads have more shaving surface , closer shave and has reserve to hold all your cut whiskers . Your whiskers fall out with the Braun . Braun get your act together . German 's are suppose to make well designed products !
 for what I wanted -LRB- on my face -RRB- this is no better than a razor . do n't waste your time . hard to get it at the right angle .
 hello , it is a worthless item , did not take out a single hair from my chin , even i tried to put soap still nothing came out.it a sheer waste of money , willl NOT recommend to anyone . thanks
 i was going to order 4 of these but im so glad i changed it to one because they do not work , very dull and they need to stop selling them . i 've tried different brands and these are the worse and i had to throw them away .
 ibought these as they were cheaper then the noxema brand i normally buy . dont waste your money , they are so dull . and cheaply made wont even shave peach fuzz much less anything else . look like cheap item from the dollar store . pay a few dollars moreand get the noxema brand , these im gon na throw in the trash there so dull they dont work !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I followed the directions to a T and this product made the sides of my face break out into a terrible , painful razor burn ! It 's like taking a serrated knife to your face ! Awful product !
 This razor comes with a stainless steel safety cover glued over the blade , which is supposed to stop you from cutting yourself , but it just makes the blade almost useless . It also meant that the razor was very rough and just irritated my skin . It did n't take off even the finest peach fuzz on my face , and I would definitely recommend plucking rather than shaving for your eyebrows . I would recommend getting a brand that does n't use a cover .
 Saw this demonstrated on YouTube by a tv actress . She loved it , and certainly got results , so maybe I 'm doing something wrong , but it 's not working for me !
 This was a mistake to get this product.They sent me just 2 Razors instead of 3 . I want to send them an email and let them know they sent me less than 3 razors .
 This item is a piece of junk . It does not work at all . Do not waste your 3 dollars on it , you would be better of buying a lotto ticket with the money . I did not have any issues with the shipping , and the transaction went smoothly . That is the only reason I am giving this item 2 stars , otherwise I would have rated it 1 star .
 I had read a lot of recommendations for this product , so I did n't think it 'd let me down . Wrong ! Incredibly flimsy and would n't shave off any hair , regardless of what direction I tried . I 'll stick with my Noxzema razors .
 I ordered this SonicAire humidifier online from a different vendor than the one selling here on Amazon . It seemed to work well for about two hours and then I noticed that water was overflowing out of the reservoir in the unit 's base . I tightened the cap on the plastic water tank that fills the reservoir and the problem persisted . Apparently water was leaking out of the water tank . I returned it to the vendor at my expense and got it back a week later saying the water tank 's cap was faulty and that they had replaced it , however , the unit continued to overflow , even when it was running . The ultrasonic mist generator could n't even begin to keep up with the amount of excess water that was leaking into the reservoir . I contacted the vendor again and they agreed to send me a new replacement unit along with a prepaid shipping label so I could return the original unit they had supposedly repaired . The new unit arrived and had the same problem . By this time it was obvious to me that the SonicAire is poorly designed and manufactured and I asked the vendor for a refund . It took some threats of bringing the Better Business Bureau in to get them to refund my full purchase price and pay for returning the original unit a second time as well as returning the replacement unit . I wo n't name names but if you are determined to buy this humidifier , do n't buy it from the vendor that turns up first if you do a Google search for `` Sonicaire humidifier . '' Do yourself a favor do what I did
 Mop did not stand up to use . When I called the company to report the issue and return the mop , the company was very difficult to work with and said I had to go back to Amazon for the refund . Amazon said I had to go back to the company . When I emailed the mop company about this , they never responded . In the end , Amazon showed excellent customer service and refunded my money back . Shortly after , I received a call from the mop company stating that their return policy is 30 days , and again not responsive or willing to return the product . Poor customer service . Thank you Amazon for your excellent response and customer service . I will definetely buy through Amazon again , but would not recommend the mop or mop company .
 my housekeeper got this in the mail last week while I was away . he broke it immediately and complained about how it screwed together . . lack of strength or something . he went out and bought something similar for $ 18 that he likes .
 After eight uses it came apart , not able to use.I was very disappointed.I would not buy again.I would not recommend it .
 After the fifth use , this mop 's head totally fell apart . I did n't abuse it or anything , it just is cheaply made . Stay away .
 I purchased this product about a month ago . It seemed like a very odd product to me , as much of the writing on the instructions was in arabic . After a little bit of research , I learned that this product has been banned in Europe because it contains mercury -- which is poisonous to the human body.For the sake of your own health , I do not recommend that you purchase this product.Hopefully this review will also cause the seller -LRB- s -RRB- of this product to stop doing so .
 This is a replacement for a previous one that just quit . As did the previous one . They do n't seem to last very long .
 Overpriced and does n't look good after a few uses . My essential oils leave greasy spots on this diffuser . Find a better one at your local grocery strore !
 I bought this cane to replace a white NFB telescoping cane in the hopes that it would be far more durable . I 'm disappointed in how quickly this cane is wearing down in just a few months . The elastic cord is already starting to fray , and the joints stick easily . The golf-grip-style handle is also very low-quality . I 've had a cane of this style once that lasted over two years , and I doubt this one will last six months .
 I ca n't speak for the nutritional value of this product , but I can say that it tastes like dog . I 'm not buying it again .
 I bought this at the store after reading the reviews on here . Needless to say , I was very disappointed.I do n't see any difference in how much I sweat with this deodorant vs others . And my absolute PET PEEVE is when a deodorant forms little powder balls on your armpit up after a few hours of wear , and then it falls on your clothes when you try to brush it off ! Whoever says this stuff does n't rub off on clothes , must always wear white . I should 've kept with my theory , if it 's white on the stick , it WILL be white on your clothes too.The only reason I do n't completely hate this stuff , is because it smells decent and the scent seems to last a while .
 I picked this up on a trip to CVS because CVS has a greater supply of the deodorants not made by the huge corporations.I wanted a deodorant NOT tested on animals because i have a real problem with animals suffering and dying needlessly.I looked up the Ban website , and they claim the product is n't tested on animals . I should have known better . Upon googling I learned that their INGREDIENTS are tested on animals before they are put in the product . Nice deception Ban . I also looked up information on a health site and all of the ingredients are unhealthy and dangerous.On the the actual product.It smells GREAT and that 's partially why I bought it.I got it home and I used it . Splashing water on my underarms would have been more effective . I used it for a week . At first I thought maybe I did n't use enough . I slathered it on for two days . Useless . It does not work as an anti-perspirant and it does not work as a deodorant . Making it useless.If I could return it I would.I gave it one star because I could n't give it less and at least the stick smells good . But so does a flower ...
 OMG , this product is WAY over-hyped with these ratings . I am so disappointed that I relied on the glorified ratings which are simply NOT reality based . I ordered this hot water bottle based on these hyped up ratings . This is the first time I have ever noticed so many Amazon raters being so misleading . Makes one wonder if the same person , family , employees have drummed up these ratings.Here is my experience with the hot water bottle I received :1 . This is a significantly undersized hot water bottle compared to the traditional red hot water bottle both in both length , width , and amount of water it can hold . When the thing arrived it is absolutely envelope flat thin vinyl -- which makes the inflated shipping rate unconscionable . My husband 's eyes got big and asked HOW do you plan to put ANY water in this thing ??? It is like putting water in an envelope with a filler neck attached to it . Great , after I paid 5 times -LRB- w/shipping -RRB- what a regular Walmart hot water bottle costs .2 . The fill neck on this hotwater bottle is NOT oversized as many raters have posted . It is the same size or smaller of than a regular hot water bottle.I just do n't get why so many raters have been intentionally untruthful about this product . Shame on you all as potential buyers deserve to have honest posts . Amazon needs to carefully evaluate the source of the 5 star rating posts . Something is badly wrong here .
 Not what you might like to cuddle up to on a cold night ! The plastic is hard and unforgiving and it seems that this tough coating does n't allow enough heat to come through . Would not order again .
 I had to double-check my receipt to see that I had indeed purchased the Fashy Transparent Classic Hot Water Bottle made in Germany because I am baffled by the raves.First , there is in fact a visible , touchable seam . -LRB- Note the contradiction among reviewers regarding this feature . Reviewer Miltonia states , `` recommend buying the clear bottle since you can visually inspect ... the seam . '' Wish I had noticed this before believing those that state there 's no seam . -RRB- Second , it does n't stay warm longer than regular water bottles -LRB- couple hours -RRB- - my main reason for shelling out for this . -LRB- Note Reviewer Ashwin Mudigonda states , `` Pouring hot water from the faucet does not work AT ALL ! It feels lukewarm at best . '' Concur . Also wish I 'd noticed this statement . -RRB- BUT , like standard bottles , the bottle label states , `` Do Not Use Boiling Water . '' So what to do?Third , though there 's no materials label , it sure looks to be made of the same stuff as regular water bottles , and the cross-hatch feature is the same . And most disconcertingly , given the raves , the product label states , `` Check the hot-water bottle and closure regularly for wear and damage , we recommend replacement after five years '' . Bottom Line
 I got this for my wife and after 3 months it developed a leak along the seam.I paid the high price thinking that it would last years , not just 3 months .
 It works , but too short . Not for a long night , not few hours , but just about an hour . I 'm very disappointed . I checked instruction multiple times to make sure I did n't do anything wrong to make it misfunction , but unfortunately , it just not work well as I expected .
 Unfortunately , although a good size and would have been ideal I had a problem with the stopper . Could not get it to screw into the bottle no matter what I tried . Certainly would not have worked when handling hot water and would have been afraid of leaks . The refund process though was extremely easy and professional . Would highly recommend the company just not this particular item .
 We have a flashy hot water bottle that is 30 years old and is still working fine.This new one is not only flimsey , the srew in top leaked . The one saving grace was the prompt refund from the seller Perfect Beauty .
 We usually fill it with hottest tap water 125 degrees F , but it feels luke warm and it is rigid . It would be safe for children to use . But I like my old Chinese hot water bag made of rubber - soft and feels like a real hot water bag . The Chinese hot water bag is also available for sale online . The Chinese have used this bag for many many years .
 I have used Surf detergent for years and been happy UNTIL they added All . Now my laundry is stiff and rough and no matter how much fabric softener I use it remains stiff and rough . I am looking for a better detergent now .
 This is a poor product it did not work at all . Do n't buy for any reason . I bought it to trim ear hair and when I tried it the cutter just stopped , so the product is a rip off do n't waste your money.Mike
 I am sorry I purchased this product . It is very cheaply made and could n't `` cut butter with a hot knife . ''
 I was disappointed with the product , primarily because it was `` most ungentle '' when removing hair from the delicate bikini area . I purchased this product because my electric shaver was `` prickly '' and left razor burn . This was no better , though I did appreciate the size and shape ; it was quite easy and comfortable to hold -- just NOT to USE .
 When this arrived , I was immediately struck on how cheaply made it was ... I tried it out , and it did n't even cut the hair all that well . Back to the drawing board . I find better quality @ local stores .
 Its tender allright , but leaves lots of stubble behind . Not a close shave at all , & on your face , the stubble is very obvious . Would n't purchase again ; not worth the $ $ or the trouble .
 Right out of the box this clipper sounds like it 's on it 's last leg . The `` blade '' barely moves compared to other similar products and it is very rough on my face . I highly recommend you DO NOT BUY this hunk of junk !
 I really try to avoid ever saying or writing `` I told you so '' but this is the rare exception . I ca n't help myself . To all those who disagreed with my negative review -LRB- some strongly disagreed but almost all remained polite - thank you -RRB- , the ABC `` 20/20 '' review of this product of Friday , April 12th proved me correct . The product is bogus , very clever but still bogus . I had written the ingredients inside the bag are bark and root of a particular type of tree that turns to gooey gunk when heated and made wet . Also inside the packet are `` pebbles '' of one of the three rocks found in nature that naturally emit heat.One of the others is uranium -LRB- deadly -RRB- but , fortunately , this rock is harmless . Stuck to the bottom of your feet overnight the rocks add to the heat already on the bottom of your feet -LRB- your feet are already among the warmest parts of your body , that 's why feet smell ! By morning the `` detox pads '' have turned to yucky , sticky brown gunk . You 're told that gunk is toxicity pulled from the body . No , it 's the bark and tree root having gotten wet -LRB- from sweat -RRB- . Notice the abundance of testimonials but no definitive lab results of what that gunk is . Test it yourself . Put body temperature salt water -LRB- simulating sweat -RRB- on a pad and you get the same brown , yucky gunk ! It is a scam.The TV program `` 20/20 '' did this test plus sent a `` morning after '' pad to a real lab and it confirmed NO TOXINS , just brown yucky gunk from the tree material turned to liquid . As I told many people who were adamant to the extreme , if you think it helps and makes you feel better , the price may be worth it just for that alone . There are hundreds -LRB- thousands ? -RRB- of `` feel better medications '' marketed that make many people feel better but are actually worthless.Yes , I 've been tricked too ! For instance , I also debunked the ionic foot bath having to buy one to see what really made it tick . After wasting $ 500 on `` treatments '' . It is simply the process of electrolysis -LRB- making rust -RRB- sped up 10,000 times . The gunk in the water is what you see on a corroded battery . The probe in the water is made of dissimilar metals . Low voltage run through a connection of two dissimilar metals with a small amount of resistance between the two create the `` gunk '' . If the battery connection was tight and the resistance zero ohms then no gunk . I have medical problems that cause a build-up of toxins in my body . There are methods to help your body detox and the best way is free so you 'll never see it advertised . gyantis@gmail.com if you 'd like info . I hope no one is offended by this `` I told you so '' post but I just could not resist after watching `` 20/20 . It 's a `` sugar pill '' but harmless and not expensive .
 I used these with an open mind and I do not feel like they did anything for me . When you see the dark grime on the bottom of these alot of people do n't realize it is the tourmaline doing that not the toxins coming out of you . It may work and I just did n't know it but I did n't feel it either way .
 I used this for a while and everyday it becomes dark - either my toxicity levels are at a 100 % - or this is a sham . It seems that the patch becomes dark as it reacts with your sweat during the night . I never felt any changes after 3 weeks of continuous usage .
 Smoke and mirrors , nothing more . If a person spends money on a product , they justify it by telling themselves they feel better . The mind is a powerful thing . Test show that you can put plain water on these and they will also turn color . It is basic science . When we sweat -LRB- which has salt -RRB- the chemical in the pad turns color , just as it would with salt , or plain water . It is entirely impossible to discreet toxins from feet . Skin has no role in the process of detox .
 Does not mix well with smoothies we make for our kids . Turned clumpy . Ended up giving it away . Would not recommend . And we got 25 lbs of the stuff . I miss read the label for grams !!
 I used it once and then went to use it the second time and had no power . I tried the battery , charger etc. . I am returning it today . Hopefully it will be replaced by Tech Scale .
 This applies only to the `` Natural Real Chocolate '' flavor . It 's bitter . I did not like it at all . If you are a fan of dark chocolate , you might like it , because it has that same off-bitter taste for those of you with off-bitter taste .
 This review is only for the Natural Vanilla Cream flavor . Get the regular vanilla , tastes much better and is a great product . I bought this , figuring it is natural and would be a healthier alternative but ended up throwing out the entire container due to the terrible smell . Curdled milk with cottage cheese would be a good description of the flavor .
 The `` Fresh Strawberry '' flavor was so bad I washed my mouth out after drinking it.However , the vanilla is good and the chocolate is especially good .
 As the subject states ... this stuff has a really strong aftertaste . I will definitely not purchase it again . I thought it was the same kind that I order before , but it 's a different flavor . This is natural real chocolate , the other flavor was just chocolate . My mistake ... never will happen again as I said .
 I relied on the ingredients listed in Amazon 's ad , they do n't coincide with reality.Quote
 I love the banana creme and strawberry muscle milk drinks , as well as the chocolate powder mix from muscle milk . However , the &#34; naturals &#34; drink just has a weird , unnatural taste . First time I thought the fruit I was putting in the drink had gone bad , but turns out thats just how the powder tastes . I think its the stevia , and its possible I just have defunct taste buds that dont like stevia , because I know several people that like the stuff . Either way , I would suggest you try something with stevia in it before buying this product . You may love it , and in that case , this is for you .
 Ive been using the muscle milk powder - chocolate flavor for sometime now but they were out of the ` regular ' one so i bought ` naturals ' same flavor - I hate really sweet things and the naturals version of the product is significantly sweeter than the original . If you do not like sweet stuff - the naturals line is not for you . I could not even get one drink down : -LRB-
 I bought this for my husband to watch TV , he sometimes has trouble hearing . This amplifies the sound OK , but it also amplifes backround noise so it was not helpful .
 The PSA 8000 Personal Sound Amplifier is probably useful on a limited basis.It does n't help me when watching TV any more than just turning the volume up does . However , it is inexpensive -LRB- about $ 20 -RRB- and I do feel it can be useful when listening to a speaker in a large auditorium , where volume conrols are n't available .
 This product is so poorly made that it 's shocking . The sound quality is horrible !!! If you make even the slightest noise , such as turn a page in a book , this product will amplify that noise . With all the background noises that are amplified , you wo n't even be able to clearly hear the sounds that you want to hear , such as your radio or tv . This product is very annoying to use .
 I was looking for a product to amplify sounds to an elderly , bedridden , family member . I bought this product thinking that it could be perfect for our needs.The sound amplifier is very poorly made and worked about half the time . It will emit scratchy sounds and you have to constantly twist the plug in or take it out and put it back in until the sounds stop . Very frustrating to my father . Let the cheap price speak to the quality of the product . I can return to amazon , but still out shipping and handling . TOTALLY A WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME .
 Everything is amplified the same . So , the nosie increases at the same time . Drop a pencil on the table and it sounds like a cannon .
 Will amplify noise only about 1 feet away from it . Totally useless . Looks and Feels like a toy .
 This product is excellent ! Definitely a must for good health . I used it and I am very happy with it.At any local Indian store , YOU CAN BUY THE SAME EXACT BOTTLE -LRB- 2.2 LB -RRB- FOR $ 8.99 . This seller is way too expensive .
 Incredibly cheaply made item . Very poor fit & finish . Very strong plastic odor . Battery compartment does not stay closed when in use .
 Cheaply made . I guess you really do get what you paid for . Worked a few times , then kaput ! Stay away .
 I have been using this `` thing '' for months now and did n't write a review right away and thought if I keep using it for some time it might actually work ! First of all you have to spend one minute on each single hair before you can pull it easily , sometimes it doesnt come out at all , and if it did , it WILL grow back -LRB- no such thing as permanent hair removal -RRB- , so might as well go back to the traditional hair removal methods to save time and energy and you 'll get the same results , In my opinion , this product is very inconvenient and impractical to use .
 If you have enough time to use this product than you really need to re-evaluate your life ! It says it takes 20-30 seconds per hair-which is actualy quite a long time if you have alot of hair to remove . But it really takes much , much longer , several minutes and I was only able to get it to remove one hair . I tried it on short hairs , long hairs and fine and regular hairs and it was all the same . It 's claims of being painless are true , it does not hurt at all to use the item-but if life causes you no pain than your probably not doing anything .
 I purchased this product with such high hopes . I read the reviews and looked forward to great results . As with some things though , the expectation fell so far from reality . I had adopted a Paleo lifestyle for the previous 3 months before starting to use this product and I was feeling great but thought , a good colon cleanse would be a good thing , right ? Well , I should have left well enough alone . Within a week of using this product I was so bound up and gained 2 lbs . I was in so much pain that I was unable to continue using it . Within 3 days after discontinuing use , my system started getting back to normal and I felt so much better . I wanted to return the unused portion , I bought enough for 60 days , but apparently I threw away the packing slip and that is needed for a refund . So much money spent that is completely wasted . I 'm happy for those that this product did work for but apparently , it was n't for me .
 The human body has developed amazing tools for ridding itself of the waste byproducts of digestion , respiration , and ingestion of toxic substances . The liver breaks down complex chemicals and toxins into digestible ones to be assimilated and excreted . The kidneys channel waste chemicals into the urinary tract to be excreted from the body . Even the lungs are specially equipped to allow oxygen to enrich our blood and to expel the lethal by-product of cellular respiration , Carbon Dioxide , from our bodies . If you are a rational human being , you can see that our bodies have been doing these things for upwards of 100,000 years without the help of $ 50.00 supplements on Amazon.com ; if you are a Christian our bodies have been doing these things for about 5,000 years -LRB- except women , who actually poop Skittles and whose wombs are so fertile that the whispers of our Lord alone can impregnate them -RRB- . Regardless , we have been pooping for a long time people . When did it become cool/healthy to alter that magnificent natural occurrence ? Apparently some organized groups of people with traditions have used herbs to expel parasites from infected members of the group , and even to help treat toxic bites and stings by flushing the body and rapidly re-hydrating in cycles . With the amount of people who buy these products today , though , you would think that we have not come very far at all as a rich , anglo-saxon species in regards to our exposure to intestinal parasites , dirty drinking water , etc. . It must be all that bottled water that we -LRB- white people -RRB- drink that makes us feel bloated and constipated . Then with such terrible discomfort we turn to Dr. Natura -LRB- I bet that 's not even his real name -RRB- to forcefully purge our GI tract of all living things -LRB- including the probiotic bacteria that allow us to absorb nutrients -RRB- and the mucous lining that protects our guts from the SULFURIC ACID in our stomach . And all of that because apparently everybody has parasites now . Parasites are to blame for all the FUPA 's , jelly-rolls , post-Taco-Bell-fire-river-butthole-explosions , post-butthole-explosion-dehydrated-constipation , and Republicans . Before you buy this silly and frivolous product , ask yourself
 Let me start by saying this is the 1st online review I have ever provided . I order a lot of products off of the internet and am a big user of amazon.com for my shopping . Typically the products I receive are in great shape , work and live up to the expectations I have from the research I have done.I had great expectations for this cleansing program and was looking forward to cleansing my body along with the healthy living and exercise lifestyle I have been following for the past 7 weeks . I was feeling great on the outside and figured what a great thing to do to clean out the inside.I followed the Colonix program exactly as the instructions listed , even started steeping the tea for longer starting on day 3 to try to get a result . Today is the 7th day of taking the program and the only thing it has produced for me is constipation . My stomach is swollen and bloated , I seriously look about 10 weeks pregnant and the biggest BM I have had was a few `` pebbles '' . I have not had a normal BM since starting the Colonix program . I have been drinking 9 + glasses of water a day for the past 7 weeks , so that is n't the reason . Not once did I wake up after the `` laxative '' tea and have a BM in the morning . I feel miserable.I called the Colonix help number and they informed me that these results are not typical and to stop taking the program and call my Doctor . Now I wonder what I have put into my body and how in the heck am I going to get it out ! I hope this does n't derail my exercise program - I have actually gained 2 lbs in the past 7 days . -LRB- And yes , I do track my calories and had enough of a calorie deficit in the past 7 days to lose as least 1.5 lbs -RRB- I was so hoping this would be a great program . Now I am too scared to try anything else .
 I have not used it because in the instructions it stated that I need to use it for 90 days . When I was doing the research on it , it did not state that . I will probably be returning it . If I would have known the time frame from the beginning I would have not ordered it .
 So I think I was suckered by the testimonials on Dr. Natura 's site . I read page after page of how great this product was . I saw the pictures of what came out of people . I beleived their hype , and bought it.A few weeks into the cleanse , I was regretting it ! I took the cleanse , every morning . I followed their instructions perfectly . I drank more water and juice during the cleanse period , than I ever have in my life . I did everythign I was supposed to do , and all I got in return was headaches , constipation , acne , and irritability.For the first two weeks , I was only having a Bowel Movement once every 2-3 days . When I did have a Bowel Movement , it was very painful . Very Painful ! The Colonix mix bulked up my stool to the point that it was hard to pass . It got better after the first two weeks , and I became regular again , but I was still straining EVERYTIME I had a Bowel Movement.At first , The mix was disgusting . However , It grew on me over time . I would n't say it tastes good , but the taste is n't repulsive either.I 'm glad the cleanse is over . I WILL NOT DO THIS CLEANSE AGAIN . I am very , very disappointed with COlonix . I had higher expectations for this , because all of the testimonials said how GREAT it was . It makes me wonder how real those testimonials are , and how often they recieve negative testimonials . They sure have n't put my testimonial on their site ... . I guess they wo n't either , because that does n't sell Colonix.Overall , this was a waste of my money ! It caused my body to go into havok , and I would not recommend this product to anyone . Of course , this is only my experience , so who knows .
 I purchased one month supply , in the hope to help my bowel movement . I have been having problems for as long as I remember . I do have more bowel movement initially but after a week , I am back to square one . I faithfully continue the product but it really does n't do much for me . Same weight , same bowel problem .
 This came in all stale and moist !! did not work like the first time i did this last year.The product was realy old or stored improperly
